JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

j VO L. 10.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From December the 26th, 1688,

t o

October the 26th, 1693,

In the Fifth Year of the Reign of

King WILLIAM and Queen MARY.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

niniti7Prih', Onr>q|p

BAYEf?!SCKi\ staats-13II3LIOYH2K

MOSNCHEN

nee of

inge’s

cUrati<m.

TP

k H E Most Illustrious Prince William by the Grace of God, Prince of Orange, having published a Declaration of the Reasons inducing him to appear in Arms in the Kingdom of England, for preserving of the Protestant IReligion, and for restoring the Laws and Liberties of {England, Scotland, Ireland; the Tenor whereof here jfolloweth;

| His Highness’s Declaration.

I IT is both certain and evident to all Men, that the publick Peace and Happiness of any State or Kingdom cannot be preserved, where the Laws, Liberties and Customs, established by the lawful Authority in it, are openly transgressed and annulled; more especially where the Alteration of Religion is endeavoured, and that a Religion, which is contrary to Law, is endeavoured to be intro* duced; upon which those who are most immediately concerned in it are indispensably bound to endeavour to preserve and maintain the established Laws, liberties and Customs, and, above all, the Religion and Worship of God, that is established among them; and to take such an effectual Care, that the Inhabitants of the said State or Kingdom may neither he deprived of their Religion, nor of their Civil Rights/Which is So much the more necessary, because the Greatness and Security both of Kings, Royal Families, and of all such as are in Authority, as well as the Happiness of their Subjects and People, depend in a more especial manner upon the exact Observation and Maintenance of these their Laws, Liberties and Customs.

Upon these Grounds it is that we cannot any longer forbear to declare, that, to our great Regret, we see, that

(those Counsellors, who have now the Chief Credit with the King, have overturned the Religion, Laws and Liberties of those Realms, and subjected them, in all things relating j to their Consciences, Liberties and Properties, to arbitrary ' Government; and That, not only by secret and indirect Ways, but in an open and undisguised Manner.

Those evil Counsellors, for the advancing and colouring This with some plausible Pretexts, did invent and set on foot the King’fc dispensing Power; by virtue of which they pretend, that, according to Law, he can suspend and dispence with the Execution of the Laws, that have been enacted by the Authority of the King and Parliament, for the Security and Happiness of the Subject; and so have rendered those Laws of no Effect: Though there is nothing more certain, than that, as no Laws can be made but by the joint Concurrence of King and Parliament, so likewise Laws so enacted, which secure the publick Peace and Safety of the Nation, and the Lives and Liberties of every Subject in it, cannot be repealed or ‘ suspended but by the same Authority.

>01. X.

For though the King may pardon the Punishment that a Transgressor has incurred, mid to which he is condemned; as in Cases of Treason or Felony; yet it cannot be, with any Colour of Reason, inferred from thence, that the King can intirely suspend the Execution of those Laws relating to Treason or Felony, unless it is pretended, that he is cloathed with a despotick and arbitrary Power, and that the Lives, Liberties, Honours, and Estates of the Subjects, depend wholly on his goodwill and Pleasure, and are intirely subject to him; which must infallibly follow on the King’s having a Power to suspend the Execution of Laws, and to dispense with them.

Those evil Counsellors, in order to the giving some Credit to this strange and execrable Maxim, have so conducted the Matter, that they have obtained a Sentence from the Judges, declaring, that this dispensing Power is a Right belonging to the Crown; as if it, were in the Power of the Twelve Judges to offer up the Laws, Rights, and Liberties of the whole Nation to the King, to be disposed of by him arbitrarily, and at his Pleasure, and expresly contrary to the Laws enacted for the Security of the Subjects. In order to the obtaining this Judgment, those evil Counsellors did, beforehand, examine secretly the Opinion of the Judges, and procured such of them, as could not in Conscience concur in so pernicious a Sentence, to be turned out, and others to be substituted in their rooms, till, by the Changes which were made in the Courts of Judicature, they at last obtained that Judgment And they have raised some to those Trusts, who make open Profession of the Popish Religion, though those are by Law rendered incapable of all such Employments.

It is also manifest and notorious, that, as his Majesty was, upon his coming to the Crown, received and acknowledged by all the Subjects of England, Scotland, and -land, as their King, without the least Opposition, though he made then open Profession of the Popish Religion, so he did then promise and solemnly swear at his Coronation,; that he would maintain his Subjects in the free Enjoyment of their Laws, Rights and Liberties; and in particular, that he w'ould maintain the Church of England, as it was established by Law. It is likewise certain, that there have been, at divers and sundry times, several Laws enacted for the Preservation of those Rights and Liberties; and of the Protestant Religion; and, among other Securities, it has been enacted, that all Persons whatsoever, who are advanced to any Ecclesiastical Dignity, or to bear Office in either University, as likewise all others that Should be put , in any Employment Civil or Military, Should declare, that they were not Papists, but were of the Protestant Religion, and That, by their Taking of the Oaths df Allegiance and Supremacy, and the Test: Yet these evil Counsellors

A have,

At

o

2 — ----- 1688.

Prince of have in Effect, annulled and abolished all those Laws, both strained by no Rules or Law whatsoever; but that they

Declaration re^at*on to Ecclesiastical and Civil Employments. have subjected the Honours and Estates of the Subjects,

*C on* In order to Ecclesiastical Dignities and Offices, they and the Established Religion, to a despotick Power, and have, not only without any Colour of Law, but against to arbitrary Government: In all which they are served most express Laws to the contrary, set up a Commission and seconded by those Ecclesiastical Commissioners, of a certain Number of Persons, to whom they have com- They have also followed the same Methods with remitted the Cognizance and Direction of all Ecclesiastical lation to Civil Affairs; for they have procured Orders Matters; in the which Commission there has been, and to examine all Lords Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, still is, One of his Majesty’s Ministers of State, who makes Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, and also all others that now publick Profession of the Popish Religion; and who, were in any publick Employment, if they would concur at the time of his first professing it, declared, that for a with the King in the Repeal of the Test and the Penal

Seat while before he had believed That to be the only true Laws: And all such whose Consciences did not suffer eligion. By all this, the deplorable State to which the them to comply with their Designs, were turned out, and Protestant Religion is reduced is apparent, since the Af- others were put in their Places, who they believed would fairs of the Church of England are now put into the Hands be more compliant to them in their Designs of defeating of Persons, who have accepted of a Commission that is the Intent and Execution of those Laws which had been manifestly illegal, and who have executed it contrary to made with so much Care and Caution for the Security of all Law; ancf that now One of their chief Members has the Protestant Religion: And in many of these Places abjured the Protestant Religion, and declared himself a they have put professed Papists; though the Law has Papist; by which he is become incapable of holding any disabled them, and warranted the Subjects not to have publick Employment The said Commissioners have hi- any Regard to their Orders.

therto given such Proof of their Submission to the Direc- They have also invaded the Privileges, and seized on tiens given them, that there is no Reason to doubt, but the Charters of most of those Towns that have a Right to they will still continue to promote all such Designs, as will be represented by their Burgesses in Parliament, and have be most agreeable to them. And those evil Counsellors take secured Surrenders to be made of them; by whickthe-care to raise none to any Ecclesiastical Dignities but Persons Magistrates in them have delivered up all their Rights ' ' that have no Zeal for the Protestant Religion, and that and Privileges to be disposed of at the Pleasure ofllhose: notv hide their Unconcemedness for it tinder the specious evil Counsellors; who have thereupon placed newMa-Pretence of Moderation. The said Commissioners have gistrates in those Towns, such as they can most entirely suspended the Bishop of London, only because he refused confide ih; and in many of them they have put Popish to obey an Order that was sent him to suspend a worthy Magistrates, notwithstanding the Incapacities under Divine, without so much as citing him before him to make which the Law has put them.

his own Defence, or observing the common Forms of Pro- And whereas no Nation whatsoever can sublist with-cess. They have turned out a President chosen by the out the Administration of good and impartial Justice, upon . (Fellows of Magdalen College, and afterwards all’the Fel- which Men’s Lives, Liberties, Honours and Estates dode- ’

’ lows of that College, without so much as citing them be- pend; those evil Counsellors have subjected these to an ar-fore any Court that could take legal Cognizance of that bitraryand despotick Power.. In the most important Affairs Affair, or obtaining any Sentence against them by a com- they have studied to discover beforehand the Opinions of petent Judge: And the oniy Reason that was given for the Judges, and have turned out such as they found w'ould turning them out, was, their refusing to choose ’ for their not conform themselves to their Intentions; and have put President a Person that was recommended to them by the others in their Places of whom they are more assured. Instigation of those evil Counsellors, though the Right of without having any Regard to their. Abilities: And they a free Election belonged undoubtedly to theni; but they have not stuck to raise even professed Papists to the Courts were turned out of their Freehblds, contrary to Law, and to of Judicature, notwithstanding their Incapacity by Law, that express Provision in Magna Charta, Thtutno Man shall and that no Regard is due to any Sentences flowing from lose Life or Goods but by the LaV of the Land: And now them. They have carried this so far, as to deprive such these evil Counsellors have put the said College wholly Judges, who, in the common Administration of Justice, into the Hands of the Papists; though, as is above said, shew, that they were governed by their Consciences, and theyareincapableofallsuch Employments, bothbytheLaw not by the Directions which the other? gave them: By of the Land, and the Statutes of the College. These Com- which it is apparent, that they design to render themselves missioners have also cited before them all the Chancellors the absolute Masters of the Lives, Honours and Estates and Archdeacons of England, requiring them to certify to of the Subjects, of what Rank or Dignity soever they may them the Names of all such Clergymen as have read the be; and That, without having any Regard either to the King's Declaration for Liberty of Conscience, and of Equity of the Cause, or to the Consciences of the Judges;, such as have not read it, without considering that the whom they will have to submit in all things to their own Reading of it was not injoined the Clergy by the Bishops, Will and Pleasure: Hoping by such Ways to intimidate who are their Ordinaries. The Illegality and Incompe- those other Judges, who are yet in Employment; as also tency of the said Court of the Ecclesiastical Commission- such others as they shall think fit to put in the rooms of ers was 90 notoriously known, did so evidently appear, those whom they have turned out.; and to make them that it tended to die subversion of the Protestant Reli- see, what they must look for, if they Should at any time gion, that the most Reverend Father in God lVtlliam act in the least contrary to their Good-liking; and that no Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate and Metropolitan of Failings of that kind are pardoned in any Persons whatso-England, seeing that it was raised for no other End but ever. A great deal of Blood has been shed in many to oppress such Persons who were of eminent Virtue, Places of the Kingdom, by Judges, governed by those Learning, and Piety, refused to sit or to concur in it. evil Counsellors, against all the Rules and Forms of Law,

And, though there are many express Laws against all without so much as suffering the Persons, that were ac-. Churches and Chapels for the Exercise of the Popish Re- cused, to plead in their own Defence.

ligion, and also against all Monasteries and Convents, and They have also, by putting the Administrations of Jus-more particularly against the Order of the Jesuits; yet tice in the Hands of Papists, brought all the Matters of those evil Counsellors have procured Orders for the Build- Civil Justice into great Uncertainties, with how much Ex-ing of separate Churches and Chapels for the Exercise of actness and Justice so ever that those Sentences may have that Religion: They have'also procured divers Monasteries been given: For, since the Laws of the Land do not to be erected; and, in Contempt of the Law, they have not only exclude Papists from all Places of Judicature, but only set up several Colleges of Jesuits in divers Places, for have put them under an Indapacity, none are bound to corrupting of the Youth, but have raised up One of the acknowledge or obey their Judgments; and all Sen-Order to be a Privy Counsellor, and a Minister of State: tences given by them are null and void of themselves;

By all which they do evidently shew, that they are re* so that all Persons, who have been cast in Trials before - such

1 y

1

1

1

c/

ill

Ti

il?

T

?GU

Vn

L

Co:

ie

iH

V\

j£i68%.

3

-»uob Popish Judges, i aAy justly look' on their pretended Subjects were hot botmdto obey the Orders of a Popish pri*ce’*fi 'Sentences as ikying no more Force than the Sentences of Justice of Peace; thobjji it is evident; that, they being Orange's 4 any private and unauthorized Person whatsoever’: 'Jjo de- by Law rendered incapable of all such Trust, no Regard DecUrafcwC plorable is the Case of the Subjects, who are obliged to is due to their Orders; this being the Security, which the answer tp such Judges, that must in all things stick to the People havel by the Law, for their Lives, liberties, Ho*

Rules, which are set them by those evil Counsellors; who, nours and Estates, that they are not to be subjected to as they raised them up to those Employments, so can turn the arbitrary Proceedings of Papists, that are, contrary to them out of them at Pleasure; and who can never be Law, put into any:Employments Civil or Military, esteemed lawful Judges: So that all their Sentences are Both we ourselves, and our dearest and most entirely in the Construction of the Law of no Force and Efficacy, beloved Consort the Princess, have endeavoured to signify They have likewise disposed of all Military Employments in Terms full of respect to the King, the just and deep in the same manner; fot though the Laws have not only Regret which all these Proceedings have given us; and, excluded Papists from all such Employments, but have, in Compliance with his Majesty’s Desires, signified to us,

we declared, both by Word of Mouth to his Envoy, and

in particular, provided, that they Should be disarmed; yet they, in Contempt of those ^aws, have not only armed the Papists, but have likewise raised them up to the greatest Military Trusts, both by Sea and Land; and That, Strangers as well as Natives, and Irish as well as English; that So, by these Means they having rendered themselves Masters both of the Affairs of the Church, of the Government of the Nation, and of the Course of Justice, and subjected them all to a despotick and arbitrary Power, they might he in a Capacity to maintain and execute their wicked Designs bvjtli(^Assistance of the Army, and thereby to enslave the Nation.

The dismal Effects of this Subversion of the Established , Religion, Laws and Liberties in England, appear more evidently to us by what we see done in where the

whole Government is put in the Hands of Papists; and where all the Protestant Inhabitants are under the daily Fears of what may be justly apprehended from the arbitrary Power which is set up there; Which has made great Numbers of them leave that Kingdom, and abandon their Estates in it; remembring well that cruel and bloody Massacre which fell out in that Island in the Year 1641.

in Writing, what our Thoughts were, touching the Repealing of the Test and Penal Laws; which we did in such a Manner, that we hoped we had proposed an Expedient, by which the Peace of those Kingdoms, and a happy Agreement among the Subjects of all Persuasions, might have been settled: But those evil Counsellors have put such ill Constructions on those our good Intentions, that they have endeavoured to alienate the King more and more from us, as if we had designed to disturb the Happiness and Quiet of the Kingdom.

The last and great Remedy for all those Evils is the Calling of a Parliament, for securing the Nation against the evil Practices of those wicked Counsellors; but this could not be yet compassed, nor can it be easily brought about: For those Men apprehending, that a lawful Parliament being once assembled, they would be brought to an Account for all their open Violation* of Law, and for their Plots and Conspiracies against the Protestant Religion, and the Lives and Liberties of the Subjects, they have endeavoured, under the specious Pretence of Liberty of Conscience, first to sow Divisions amongst Protestants, be-

Those evil Counsellors have also prevailed with the King tween those of the Church of England and the Dissenters;

to declare in Scotland, that he is cloathed with absolute Power, and that all the Subjects are bound to obey him without Reserve; upon which he has assumed an arbitrary Power, both over the Religion and Laws of that Kingdom, prom all which it is apparent, what is to be looked for in England, as soon as Matters are duly prepared for it.

Those great and insufferable Oppressions, and the open Contempt of all Law, together with the Apprehensions of the sad- Consequences that must certainly follow upon it, have put the Subjects under great and just Fears, and have made them look after such lawful Remedies as are allowed of in all Nations: Yet all has been without Effect. And those evil Counsellors have endeavoured to make all Men to apprehend the Loss of their Lives, Liberties, Honours and Estates, if they Should go about to preserve themselves from this Oppression by Petitions, Representations, or other Means authorized by Law. Thus did they proceed with the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the other Bishops;

the Design being laid, to engage Protestants that are all equally concerned to preserve themselves from Popish Oppression, into mutual Quarrellings, that so, by these, some Advantages might be given to them to bring about their Designs; and That, both in the Election of the Members of Parliament, and afterwards in the Parliament itself: For they see well, that if all Protestants could enter into a mutual good Understanding one with another, and concur together in the Preserving of their Religion, it would not be possible for them to compass their wicked Ends. They have also required all the Persons in the several Counties m England, that either were in any Employment, or were in any considerable Esteem, to declare beforehand, that they would concur in the Repeal of the 'l est and Penal Laws; and that they would give their Voices in the Elections to Parliament only for such as would concur in it. Such as would not thus pre-engage themselves were turned out of all Employments; and others who entered into

who, having offered a most humble Petition to the King, those Engagements were put in their Places, many of them T----- f-’" I**'*-- — 1 XT — 1 — being Papists. And, contrary to the Charters and Privi-

leges of those Boroughs that have a Right to send Burgesses to Parliament, they have ordered such Regulations to be made, as they thought fit and necessary for assuring themselves of all the Members that are to be chosen by those Corporations: And by this Means they hope to avoid that Punishment W'hich they have deserved: Though it is apparent, that all Acts made by Popish Magistrates are null and void of themselves; so that no Parliament can be lawful, for which the Elections and Returns are made by Popish Sheriffs and Mayors bf Towns: And therefore as

in Terms full of Respect, and not exceeding the Number limited by Law, (in which they set forth, in Short, the Reasons for which they could not obey that Order, which by the Instigation of those evil Counsellors was sent them, requiring them to appoint their Clergy to read in their Churches the Declaration for Liberty of Conscience) were sent to Prison, and afterwards, brought to a Trial, as if they had been guilty of some enormous Crime. They were not only obliged to defend themselves in that Pursuit, but to appear before professed Papists, who had not taken the Test, and by consequence were Men whose Interest led them to condemn them: And the Judges that, long as the Authority and Magistracy is in such Hands, it is

gave their Opinions in their Favours were thereupon turned out.

And yet it cannot be pretended, that any Kings, how great soever their Power has been, and how arbitrary and despotick soever they have been in the Exercise of it, have ever reckoned it a Crime for their Subjects to come, in all Submission and Respect; and in a due Number not exceeding the Limits of the Law, and represent to them the Reasons that made it impossible for them to obey their Orders. Those evil Counsellors have also treated a Peer of the Realm as a Criminal, only because he said that the V01. X).

not possible to have any lawful Parliament. And though, according to the Constitution of the English Government, and immemorial Custom, all Elections of Parliament-men ought to be made with an intire Liberty, without any sort of Fofte, or the requiring the Electors to choose such; Persons as shall be named to them; and the Persons thus freely elected ought to give their Opinions freely upon all Matters that are brought before them, having the Good of the Nation ever before their Eyes, and following in all things the Dictates of their Conscience; yet Now*, the People of England cannot expect a Remedy from a free

Parliament

Prince of Parliament legally called and choaen; but they may per-Onwge’a haps see one called, in which all Elections will be carried Declaration, on by Fraud or Force; and which will be composed of such Persons of whom those evil Counsellor* hold themselves well assured, in which all things will be carried on according to their Direction and Interest, without any Regard to the Good or Happiness of the Nation: Which may appear evidently from This, that the same Persons tried the Members of the last Parliament, to gain them to consent to the Repeal of the Test and Penal Laws; and procured That Parliament to be dissolved, when they found, that they could not, neither by Promises nor Threatnings, prevail with the Members to comply with their wicked Designs.

But, to crown all, there are great and violent Presumptions inducing us to believe, that those evil Counsellors, in order to the Carrying mi of their ill Designs, and to the gaining to themselves the more Time for the Effecting of mem, for the encouraging their Complices, and for the Discouraging all good Subjects, have published, that the Queen hath brought forth a Son; though there hath appeared, both during the Queen’s pretended Bigness, and in the Manner in which the Birth was managed, so many just and visible Grounds of Suspicion, that not only we ourselves, but all the good Subjects of those Kingdoms, do vehemently suspect, that the pretended Prince of Wales was not borne by the Queen. And it is notoriously known to all the World, that many both doubted of the Queen’s Bigness, and of the Birth of the Child; and yet there was not any one thing done to satisfy them, or to put an End to their Doubts.

And since our dearest and most entirely beloved Consort the Princess, and likewise ourselves, have so great an Interest in this Matter, and such a Right, as all the World knows, to the Succession to the Crown; since also the English did, in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-two, when the States General of the United Provinces were invaded in a most unjust War, use their utmost Endeavours to put an End to that War, and That in Opposition to those who were then in the Government; and by their so doing, they run the Hazard of losing both the Favour of the Court, and their Employments; and since the English Nation has ever testified a most particular Affection and Esteem, both to our dearest Consort the Princess, and to ourselves; we cannot excuse ourselves from espousing their Interests in a Matter of such high Consequence; and from contributing all that lies in us for the Maintaining, both of the Protestant Religion, and of the Laws and Liberties of those Kingdoms; and for the securing to them the continual Enjoyment of all their just Rights: To the doing of which we are most earnestly sollicited by a great many Lords, both Spiritual and Temporal, and by many Gentlemen, and other Subjects of all Ranks.

Therefore it is, that we have thought fit to go over to England, and to carry over with us a Force sufficient, by the Blessing of God, to defend us from the Violence of those evil Counsellors; and we, being desirous that our Intention in this may be rightly understood, have, for this End, prepared this Declaration, in which we have hitherto given a true Account of the Reasons inducing us to it; so we now think fit to declare, that this our Expedition is ‘ intended for no other Design, but to have a free and lawful Parliament assembled as soon as is possible; and that in order to this, all the late Charters, by which the Elections of Burgesses are limited contrary to the ancient Custom, shall be considered as null and of no Force; and likewise, all Magistrates, who have been unjustly turned out, shall forthwith resume their former Employments; as well as all the Boroughs of England shall return again to their ancient Prescriptions and Charters; and more particularly, that the ancient Charter of the great and famous City of London shall again be in Force; and that the Writs for the Members of Parliament shall be addressed to the proper Officers, according to Law and Custom; that also none be suffered to choose or to be chosen Members of Parliament, but such as are qualified by Law; and that the Members of Parliament being thus lawfully chosen, they shall meet

25

— A. 1688.

and sit in full Freedom, that so the Two Houses may concur in the Preparing of such Laws as they, upon full and free Debate, shall judge necessary and convenient* both for the confirming and executing the Law concerning the Test, and such other Laws as are necessary for the Security and Maintenance of the Protestant Religion; as likewise for malting such Laws as may establish a good Agreement between the Church of England and all Protestant Dissenters; as also, for the Covering and Securing of all such who would live peaceably under the Government, as becomes good Subjects, from all Persecution upon the account of their Religion, even Papists themselves not excepted; and for the Doing of all other things, which the Two Houses of Parliament shall find necessary for the Peace, Honour and Safety of tire Nation, so that they may be in no more Danger of the Nation’s fading at any time hereafter under arbitrary Government To this Parliament we wiU also refer the Inquiry into the Birth of the pretended Prince of Wales, and of all Things relating to it, and to the Right of Succession. '

And we, for our Part, will concur in every thing that may procure the Peace and Happiness of the Nation, which a free and lawful Parliament shall determine; since we have nothing before our Eyes, in this our Undertaking, but the Preservation of the Protestant Religion, the Covering of all Men from Persecution for their Consciences, and the securing to the whole Nation the free Enjoyment of their Laws, Rights and Liberties, under a just and legal Government.

This is the Design that we have purposed to ourselves in appearing upon this Occasion in Arms; in the Conduct of which, we will keep the Forces under our Command under all Strictness of Martial Discipline, and take a special Care that the People of the Countries through which we must march shall not suffer by their Means; and, as soon as the State of the Nation will admit of it, we promise, that we will send back all those Foreign Forces that we have brought along with us.

We do therefore hope, that all People will judge rightly of us, and approve of these our Proceedings: But we chiefly rely on the Blessing of God, for the Success of this our Undertaking, in which we place our whole and only Confidence.

We do, in the last place, invite and require all Persons whatsoever, all the Peers of the Realm, both Spiritual and Temporal, all Lords Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and all Gentlemen, Citizens, and other Commons of all Ranks, to come and assist us, in order to the Executing of this our Design, against all such as shall endeavour to oppose us, that so we may prevent all those Miseries which must needs follow upon the Nation’s being kept under arbitrary Government and Slavery, and that all the Violences and Disorders, which may have overturned the whole Constitution of the English Government, may be fully redressed, in a free and legal Parliament And we do likewise resolve, as soon as the Nations are brought to a State of Quiet, we will take Care that a Parliament shall be called in Scotland, for the restoring the ancient Constitution of that Kingdom; and for bringing the Matters of Religion to such a Settlement, that the People may live easy and happy; and for putting an End to all the unjust Violences that have been in a Course of so many Years committed there.

We will also study to bring the Kingdom of Ireland to such a State, that the Settlement there maybe religiously observed; and that the Protestant and British Interest there may be secured. And we will endeavour, by all possible Means, to procure such an Establishment m all the Three Kingdoms, that they may all live in a happy Union and correspond together; and that the Protestant Reli-

S'on, and the Peace, Honour and Happiness of these ations, may be established upon lasting Foundations.

Given under our Hand and Seal,' at our Court in the Hague, the 10th Day of October, in the Year 1688.

Wm. H. Prince of Orange.

By his Highness’ special

C.

Di'

m

A.*688. —

His Highness’ Additional Declaration.

.Additional A FT E, R we had prepared and printed this our Declaration. claration, we have understood, that the Subverters of the Religion and Law's of those Kingdoms, hearing of our Preparation to assist the People against them, have begun to retract some of the arbitrary and despotick Powers that they had assumed; and to vacate some of their unjust Judgments and Decrees. The sense of their Guilt, and the Distrust of their Force, have induced them to offer to the City of London, some seeming Relief from their great Oppressions; hoping thereby to quiet the People, and to divert them from demanding a secure Re-establishment of their Religion and Law s, under the Shelter of our Arms. They do also give out, that we intend to conquer and enslave the Nation. And therefore it is we have-thought fit to add a few Words to our Declaration.

We are confident, that no Persons can have such hard Thoughts of us, as to imagine, that w e have any other Design in this our Undertaking, than to procure a Settlement of the Religion and of the Liberties and Properties of the Subjects, upon so sure a Foundation, that there may be no Danger of the Nation’s relapsing into the like Miseries, at any time hereafter. And as the Forces that we have brought along with us are utterly disproportioned to that w icked Design of conquering the Nation, if we were capable of intending it; so the great numbers of the principal Nobility and Gentry, that are Men of eminent Quality and Lstates, and Persons of known Integrity and Zeal, both for the Religion and Government of England (many of them being also distinguished by their Fidelity to the Crown) who doth both accompany us in this Expedition, and have earnestly solicited us to it, will cover us from all such malicious Insinuations: For it is not to be imagined, that either those who have invited us, or those that are already come to assist us, can join in a w icked Attempt of Conquest, to make void their own lawful Titles to their Honours, Estates, and Interests. We are also confident, that all Men see how little Weight there is to be laid on all Promises and Engagements' that can be now made, since there has been so little regard had, in Time past, to the most solemn Promises. And as that imperfect Redress that is now offered is a plain Confession of those Violations of the Government that we have set forth, so the Defectiveness is no less apparent; for they lay down nothing which they may nottake up at Pleasure; and they reserve entire, and not so much as mentioned, their Claims and Pretences to an arbitrary and despotick Power, which has been the Root of all their Oppression, and of the total Subversion of the Government. And it is plain, that there can be no Redress nor Remedy offered, but in Parliament, by a Declaration of the Rights of the Subjects that have been invaded; and not by any pretended Acts of Grace, to which the Extremity of their Affairs has driven them. Therefore it is that we have thought fit to declare, that we w ill refer all to a free Assembly of the Nation, in a lawful Parliament.

Given under our Hand and Seal, at our Court in the Hague, the 24th Day of October in the Year of our v Lord 1688.

Wm. Henry Prince of Orange.

By his Highness' special Command,

Hugins.

'Arrival of A His said Highness did, on the Fifth Day of November [ he prince following, land with his Forces at Torbay, in the County of Orange. of Decon; and, making from thence directly towards the City of London, he. arrived there on Tuesday the Seventeenth of December; and the Three-and-twentieth Day / of the same Month he issued forth this issuing Order:

lee ting of WHEREAS the Necessity of Affairs do require ch as were speedy Advice, we do desire all such Persons as embers of Ka.ve served as Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in any irt lament* ^ie Parliaments that were held during the Reign of the cc. ’ late King Charles the Second, to meet us at St. James's,

upon Wednesday the Six-and-twentieth of this Instant VouX.

December, by Ten of the Clock in the Morning. And we ’ do likewise desire that the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London w ould be present at the same Time; and that the Common-council would appoint Fifty of their Number, to be there likewise. And hereof We desire them not to fail.

Given at St. James's, the Three-and-twentieth Day of December, 1688.

JV. H. Prince of Orange.

By his Highness’special Command,

C. Huygens.

According to which Order many of the Persons above- Prince of mentioned met at St. James's at the time prefixed; and Orange’s then his Highness spoke to them in these Words. Speech.

YOU, Gentlemen, that have been Members of the late Parliaments, I have desired you to meet me here, to advise the best Manner how to pursue the ends of my Declar . , in calling a free Parliament, for the Preser- I vation of the Protestant Religion, and Restoring of the [

Rights, and Liberties of the Kingdom, and settling the \ same, that they may not be in Danger of being again sub- verted. And You, the Aldermen, and Members of the Common-council of the City of London, I desire the same of you. And, in regard your Numbers are like to be great, you may, if you think fit, divide yourselves; and sit in several Places.

Which being done, his Highness immediately departed: Proceedings And the Members then present, for their better Conve- °^the niency, did immediately agree, to go from thence to the ee ing' Commons House at Westminster: Where being placed,

Pelham, Esquire, did move, that one of their Members might take the Chair; and, for that Purpose, did nominate the Right Honourable Henry Poxdc, Esquire: Who being generally called oh, and no Person contradicting it, he went up to the Clerk’s Table, and sat himself in a Chair, placed there for that Purpose, having on his Left Hand Paul Jodrelt, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, and < Samucll Esquire, his Clerk Assistant, there attending.

The Assembly being thus sat, Sir Thomas Allen, the senior Alderman of the City of London, (the Lord Mayor of the said City being absent, by reason of Sickness) acquainted them, that he had received a Paper from his Highness the Prince of Orange, which he conceived was a Copy of wlmt his Highness had spoken to them at St. James's: Which being delivered by him at the Table, was read by the Chairman; and agreed, verbatim, with what is before entered.

After this, it was moved by some of the Members of the City of London, that, in regard his Highness had inti-

mated to them in his Speech, that if it were inconvenient for the Members of Parliament, and the Aldermen, and Common-council-men of the City of London, to sit together, they might divide themselves, and sit in several Places; they desired they might return into the City, and consult there: But the Sense of the Assembly appearing to be otherwise, it was ruled, without a Question, that they Should continue to sit as they were.

The Assembly then entred into Consideration of what had been proposed to them by his Highness the Prince of Orange: And, after some Debate, came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That Thanks be given Addres* de"

to his Highness the Prince of Orange, for his coming into this Kingdom, exposing his Person, adventuring so great, take upon Hazards, for the Preservation of our Religion, Laws, (him the and Liberties. Government.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That his Highness be desired to take upon him the Administration of publick Affairs, both Civil and Military; and the Disposal of the publick Revenue; for the Preservation of our Religion, I Rights. Laws. Liberties, and ProDerties. of the Pence of

Rights, Laws, Liberties, and Properties, of the Peace of the Nation.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That his Highness be desired to take into his particular Care the present Condition of Ireland, and endeavour, by the moat speedy and

B effectual

The

Association.

6

26* Decembris. A. 1688.

effectual Means, to prevent the Danger threatening that Kingdom.

Resolved, Nemine conlradicente, That his Highness be

requested to undertake and execute the Matters aforesaid, till the Meeting of the intended Convention, the Two-and-twentieth of January next.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That his Highness be

desired to cause Letters to be written, subscribed by himself, to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, being Protestants, and to the several Counties, Universities, Cities, Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, of England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for calling a Convention, to meet the said Two-and-twentieth of January.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That his Highness be desired to cause Letters for the Counties to be directed, to the Coroners of the respective Counties, or any One of them, and, in default of Cororiers, to the Clerk of the Peace of the respective Counties; and the Letters for the Universities to be directed to the Vice-chancellors; and the Letters to the several Cities, Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, to be deducted to the Chief Magistrates of each respective City, Borough, and Cinque Port; containing Directions for the choosing in all such Counties, Cities, Universities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, within Ten Days after the Receipt of the said respective Letters, such a Number of Persons to represent them, as are of Right -to be sent to Parliament.

Resolved, &c. That for such Elections, and the Times and Places thereof, the respective Officers shall give Notice by the Space of Ten Days at the least; the intended Elections, for the Counties to be published in the Churches immediately after the Time of Divine Service, and in all Mar ket-towns within the respective Counties; and Notice of the intended Elections for the Cities, Universities, Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, to be published in the respective Places: And,

Resolved, &c. That the said Letters, and the Execution thereof, be returned by such Officer and Officers, who shall execute the same, to the Clerk of the Crown in the Court of Chancery, so as the Persons, so to be chosen, may meet and sit at Westminster on the Two-and-twen-tieth Day of January next

Resolved, &c. That an Address be drawn up, upon these Votes, to be presented to the Prince of Orange: And that it be referred to Mr. Hamden, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Tho. Leigh, Sir Hen. Capell, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Geo. Treby, Mr. Garway, Mr. Herbert, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Pmcle, Major Wildman, Mr. Jepson, Colonel Hen. Sidney, or any Five of them, to prepare the said Address; and to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon in the Room called the Speakers Chamber.

Upon a Motion made by the Earl of Wilts, that the Association, entered into by those Lords and Gentlemen that had joined together for the Defence of the Protestant Religion, and maintaining the ancient Government, and Law’s and Liberties of England, Scotland, and Ireland, might be brought into this Assembly; and that it might be signed by all the Members there present.

And the said Association having been delivered in at the Table; and read by the Chairman, and well approved of by the Assembly; it was

Ordered, That the Association be laid upon the Table, that all the Members that please may sign it: And that a Clerk do attend at the Table with the Said Association, after the Assembly is risen, until their next Meeting.

And then the Assembly adjourned to Four of the Clock in the'Afternodn.

The ASSOCIATION.

WE whose Names are hereunto subscribed, who have now joined for the Defence of the Protestant Religion, and for maintaining the ancient Government, and the Laws and Liberties of England, Scotland, and Ireland, do engage, to Almighty God, to his Highness the Prince of Orange, and to one another, in the Defence 22

of it; and never to depart troth it, until our keligion, Our Laws, and our Liberties are sb far Sectored td us, in a free Parliament, that We shall be in ho danger of fellih'g under Popery and Slavery.

And whereas we are engaged in this comhrtOn Cahsfe, under the Protection of the Pririce of Ortrrige, by Which means his Person hiay be expoSdd to the desperate anti cursed Attempts of Papists, and other bldody Men: We do therefote solemnly engage, both to God atod to orie another, that if arty such Attempts are made upon him, we will pursile, not only those who make them, but all their Adherents, and all that we find in Arms against us, with the utmbst Severities of a just Revenge, to their Ruin and Destruction; and that the Execution of arty such Attempt (which God of his Mercy folbid) shall not divert us from prosecuting this Cahse, which We do now undertakie; but that it shall engage us to carry it on with all the Vigour that so barbarous a Practice shall ' deserve.

At Exeter the 1 g/A Day of December, 1688.

26* die Decemb’, 1688, post Meridiem.

MR. Hamden reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare an Address to be presented to his Highness the Prince of Orange, that they had met, and agreed upon an Address: Which he delivered in at the Table; and was read by the Clerk:

And then Mr. Hamden acquainted the Assembly, Thai the Committee had found, upon Debate, that it would be very inconvenient for the respective Officers that were to execute the Prince’s Letters, to give Ten Days Notice, at the least, of the intended Elections; as also, to give Notice in all the Churches within their several Counties; and that, in their Opinions, it would be fit, that some shorter Time of Notice were assigned; and that the Publication at the Market-towns would be sufficient, without sending Messengers about to every Parish.

Whereupon the Assembly,.taking the said Particulars into Consideration; did resolve,

That the Time of Notice for electing Members to serve for Counties, Should be Five Days at the least; anti of the Cities, Universities, Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, Three Days at the least; and that the Publishing of the Prince’s Letters in the Churches of the several Counties, Should be wholly omitted :, And the Clerk was ordered to amend the same at the Table: Which was done accordingly; and the Address, thus amended, being put to the Question, was agreed to, and ordered to be ingrossed; and is as fblloWeth:

WE who have served as Members of the Parliaments during the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, together with the Court of Aldermen, and Members of the Common-council of the City of London assembled at your Highness’ Desire, in this extraordinary Conjuncture, do, with an unanimous Consent, tender to your Highness our most humble and hearty Thanks, for your coming into this Kingdom, exposing your Person to so great Hazards, for the Preservation of our Religion, Laws, and Liberties, and rescuing us from the Miseries of Popery and Slavery: 1

And do desire your Highness, that, in pursuance of thbse Ends, and for the Preservation of the Peace of the Nation, your Highness will take upon VoU the Administration of publick Affairs, both Civil and Military, and the disposal of the publick Revenue.

We do also desire that your Highness will take into your particular Care the present Condition of Ireland, and endeavour, by the most speedy and effectual Means, to prevent the Dangers threatening that Kingdom.

All which we desire your Highness to undertake, and execute until the Meeting of the intended Convention, the Two-and-twentieth of January next.

We

Address t» Prince of Orange.

26" — 27® — 28° Decemlris.

tVe do fikewlse desire yoUr Mlgl'iness^o cai^e Lette^s to fie 'tfrltteri, and subscribed by your Highness, i:o the Lords Spiritual ’arid Temporal, beii^Pibtesiariis, arid'to the several Coutttids, tyniYersfties. Cities, feorpughs, and Cirique PoVts, of England, Wales, and to ,the Town of Berwick

Upon Tivced:The Letters for the Counties tb be directed

to the Coroners of the respective Counties, orahy Cfiieof them, and, in t^efauft of C broners, to the Clerk of the Pehce of the respective Counties; dhd the Letters for the Universities to be directed to the respective Vice-chancellors; and the Letters to the several Cities, feoroughs, and Cinque Ports, to be directed to the chief Magistrate of each respective City, Borough, and CmqUe Port; containing Directions for the choosing, in all such Counties, Cities, Universities, Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, within Ten Da^s after the Receipt of the Said respective Letters, such a Number of Persons to represent them, as are of Right to be sent to Parliament.

That for such Elections, and the Times and Places thereof, the respective Officer shall give Notice in Manner following; that is to say, as to me. Elections for the Counties, Notice to be published in all Market-towns in the respective Counties, by the space of Five Days, at least, before such Election; and Notice of the Elections for the Cities, Universities, Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, to be published in the respective Places, by the Space of Three Days before, at the least.

That the said Letters, and the Execution thereof, be returned by such Officer and Officers who shall execute the same, to the Clerk of the Crown in the Court of Chancery, so as the Persons so to be chosen, may meet and sit at Westminster on the Two-and-twentieth Day of January next.

This we humbly offer your Highness, as our best Advice, in this Exigency of Affairs, for attaining the Ends of your Highness’s Declaration, and as the best Means tending to such an Establishment, as that our Religion, Laws, and Liberties, may not be in Danger of being again subverted.

Ordered, That the said Address be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Earl of Wilts, Sir Raze land Gwync, and Mr. Herbert, do wait on the Prince, to know his Pleasure, what time his Highness will please to appoint for this Assembly to present their Address.

And then the Assembly adjourned till Ten a Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Jovis, 27" 1688

The Address HPHE Address being ingrossed, ana, having been to be dated, _|. examined by the Chairman of the Assembly; bydtheechaK- Ordered, That it be dated thus:

man Dated at Westminster, the 26th Day of

December, 1688.

A Debate arising, whether the Address Should be signed, either by the Persons present, or the Chairman;

Resolved, That Mr. Porwle, the Chairman, present it as it is ingrossed, without signing.

give his Answer the next Day in the Afternoon.

And theti the Assembly adjourned to the ri'ext Day at Three of the Clock in the Acte'mbo'ri.

Vdieris, 28Q Decembris, 1‘688, post meridiem.

THE Assembly being met, the Chairman acquainted Prince of the Assembly* that the Prince had appointed Four Orange’s of the Clock this Aftemodn, at St. James', to receive his Answer to Answer: ‘ Ad^ress-

Whereupon it was resolved to go to St. James', at that Time, arid, after they had received the Prince’s Answer, to return again to W

And, after having been at St. James', and returned to Westminster, the Chairman acquainted the Assembly with the Prince’s Answer; which was iti these Words:

Gentlemen’,

I HAVE considered of your Advice, and, as far as I am able, I will endeavour to secure the Peace of the Nation, until the Meeting of the Convention in January next; for the Election whereof, I will forthwith issue out Letters, according to your Desire. I will also take care to apply the publick Revenue to the most proper Uses that the preserit Affairs require: And likewise endeavour to put Ireland into such a Condition, as that the Protestant Religion, and the English Interest, may be maintained in that Kingdom: And I further assure you, that as I came hither for the Preservation of the Protestant Religion, and the Laws and Liberties of these Kingdoms; so I shall always be ready to expose myself to any Hazard, for Defence of the same.

' Which Answer being read to the Assembly by the Chairman, it was ordered, that the said Answer Should be entered in the Book of their Proceedings.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Address, and Proceedings, be sent to the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Association be delivered to the Members of the City of , and recommended

to them.

Entry to be made thereof;

Book of Proceedings to be kept, &c.

Address presented.

Ordered, That a Book be made of the Proceedings of the Assembly, to be kept among the Journals and Records of the House of Commons; and that the Persons who were here Yesterday do give or send in their Names, to be entered in the Book.

The Earl of Wiltshire acquainting the Assembly, that the Prince of Orange had appointed to receive the Address this Morning, at half an Hpur after Eleven a’ Clock;

Accordingly the Chairman, with the rest of the Members of the Assembly, went to St. James', to the Prince of Orange; where the Chairman presented, and read the Address:

To which his Highness was pleased to give an Answer to this Effect; " He returned them his hearty Thanks,

Vo l, X.

and Copies sent to Lord Major.

Association to be sent to City Members.

After which the Assembly rose, without appointing any The Assem_ further Meeting. blyterai-""

nates.

The Letters for Electing of Members for the T CONVENTION.

the Convea-

WHEREAS the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, the tien. Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, heretofore Members of the Commons House of Parliament, during the Reign of King Charles the Second, residing in and about the City of London, together with the Aldermen, and divers of the Common-council of the said City, in this extraordinary Conjuncture, at our Request, severally assembled, to advise us the best Manner how to attain the Ends of our Declaration, in calling a free Parliament, for the / Preservation of the Protestant Religion, and Restoring the Rights and Liberties of the Kingdom, and Settling j the same, that they may not be in Danger of being! again subverted, have advised and desired us to cause our Letters to be written and directed, for the Counties, To the Coroners of the respective Counties, or any One of them, and, in default of the Coroners, To the Clerks of the Peace of the respective Counties; and for the Universities, To the respective Vice-chancellors; and for the Cities, Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, To the chief Magistrate of each respective City, Borough, and Cinque Port; containing Directions for the choosing, in all such Counties, Cities, Universities, Boroughs, and Cinque Potts, within Ten Days after the Receipt of the said respective Letters, such a number of Persons to

represent

s —

represent them, as from every such Place is or are of Right to be sent to Parliament: Of which Elections, and the Times and Places thereof, the respective Officers shall give Notice; the Notice for the intended Election, in the Counties, to be published in the Market-towns within the respective Counties, by the Space of Five Days, at the least, before the said Election; and for the Universities, Cities, Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, in every of them respectively, by the space of Three Days, at the least, before the said Election: The said Letters, and the Execution thereof, to be returned by such Officer and Officers who shall execute the same, to the Clerk of the Crown in the Court of Chancery, so as the Persons so to be chosen, may meet and sit at Westminster the Two-and-twentieth Day of January next.

We, heartily desiring the Performance of what we have in our said Declaration expressed, in pursuance of the said Advice and Desire, have caused this our Letter to be written to you, to the Intent that you, truly and uprightly, without Favour or Affection to any Person, or indirect Practice or Proceeding, do and execute what of your Part ought to be done, according to the said Advice, for the due Execution thereof; the Elections to be made

— A. 1688.

by such Persons only as, according to the ancient Laws and Customs, of Right ought to choose Members for Parliament: And that you cause a Return to be made, by Certificate under your Seal, of the Names of the Persons elected, annexed to this our Letter, to the said Clerk of the Crown, before the said Two-and-twentieth Day of January.

Given at Si. James’s, the Nine-and-twentieth Day of December, in the Year of our Lord 1688.

Those to the Coroners were directed thus:

TO the Coroners of the County of; and in

default of the Coroners, To the Clerk of the Peace of the said County.

Those to the chief Magistrates were directed thus:

' TO the chief Magistrate, or such others of the of , in the County of , who have Right

to make Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, according to the ancient Usage of the said

before the Seizure or Surrender of Charters, made in the Time of King Charles the Second.

Meeting of Corn ell Lion.

Mr. Powle

chosen

bpeaker.

Officers

chosen.

Members culled over.

A. 1688.

22b Janu.

Mortis, 22° die Januarii, 1688.

HI S Highness the Prince of Orange having, at the Desire of divers of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the Parliaments in the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, assembled at Westminster on the Twenty-sixth Day of 168 8,

issued out his Letters for calling a Convention to meet and sit at Westminster on Tuesday the Two-and-twentieth Day of January next following; upon which Day a great Number of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, who were returned in to the Clerk of the Crown, to serve as Members of the House of Commons in the said Convention, pursuant to his liighness’s said Letters, met accordingly about Nine of the Clock in the Morning, in the Commons House of Parliament at: And the said Members having taken their Places, the Right honourable the Earl of Wiltshire rose up, artd put the House in mind, that the first Business to be done was, to choose their Speaker; and that there was an honourable Person in his Eye, whom he conceived very well experienced in Methods of Parliament, and every way qualified for that Place; and therefore proposed the Right honourable Henry Powle, Esquire; Who, being fully approved of, by a general Call upon him to the Chair, was, by the said Earl, and the honourable Sir Vere Fane, Knight of the Batli, conducted to, and placed in, the Chair of the said House (the usual Place of the Speaker:) Where being sat he spake to this Effect:

Gentlemen,

" I know very well, that Excuses from this Place are looked upon only as Formalities; but I am so sensible of my own defects, and so desirous, that this Ilbuse may not receive any Prejudice by them, that I most earnestly intreat you, that, amongst so many worthy and experienced Members, as are met here this Day, you would make Choice of one that is better able to perform the Duty of this Place."

But his Excuse not being allowed, the Mace was called for, and placed upon the Table.

Afterwards the House proceeded to the Choice of their Officers: And,

It was Resolved, upon the Question, That Paul Jodrell, Esquire, be Clerk of this House to attend the same.

Resolved, &c. That Samuel Guillym, Esquire, be Clerk Assistant, to attend this House.

Resolved, &c. That John Topham, Esquire, be Serjeant

at Arms, to attend this House.

And the said several Officers, being within the House, took their Places accordingly.

The Clerk of the Crown having delivered to the Clerk of this House the Book of Returns of the Members chosen to serve in this Convention;

The House was called over; and each Member present, upon his being named, stood up in his Place, and answered thereunto; and the whole Book being gone through, the Defaulters were noted down.

Vol. X.

Mr. Jepson, Secretary to his Highness the Prince of Prince f Orange, acquainted the House, that he had a Letter Orange’* directed to them f rom his Highness, which he carried up, ^etter* and presented to Mr. Speaker: Which Mr. Speaker read to the House, and is as followeth:

Gentlemen,

I have endeavoured, to the utmost of my Power, to perform w hat was desired from me, in order to the publick Peace and Safety; and I do not know, that any Thing hath been omitted, which might tend to the Preservation of them, since the Administration of Affairs was put into my Hands: It now lieth upon You to lay the Foundations of a firm Security for your Religion, your Laws, and your Liberties.

I do not doubt, but that, by such a full and free Representative of the Nation as is now met, the Ends of my Declaration will be attained: And since it hath pleased God hitherto to bless my good Intentions with so great Success, I trust in Him, that he will complete His own Work, by sending a Spirit of Peace and Union to influence your Councils, that no Interruption may be given to a, happy and lasting Settlement.

The dangerous Condition of the Protestant Interest in Ireland requiring a large and speedy Succour, and the present State of Things abroad oblige me to tell you, that, next to the Danger of unseasonable Divisions amongst yourselves, nothing can be so fatal as too great Delay in your Consultations.

'i'lie States, by whom I have been enabled to rescue this Nation, may suddenly'feel the ill Effects of it, both by being too long deprived of the Service of their d roops, which are now here, and of your early Assistance against a powerful Enemy, who hath declared War against them:

And as England is, by Treaty, already engaged to help them, upon any such Exigencies, so I am confident, that their chearful Concurrence to preserve this Kingdom, with so much Hazard to themselves, will meet with all the Returns of Friendship and Assistance, which may be expected from you as Protestants and Englishmen, whenever their Condition shall require it.

Given at St. James's, this Two-and-twentieth Day of January, 1688-9.

To the Knights, Citizens and Burgesses* assembled at Westminster, in this present‘Convention.

A Motion being mad!, That the humble Thanks of Address to this House be returned to his Highness the Prince of the Prince Ot'ange, for the great Deliverance he hath (by God’s As- of Orange, sistance) wrought for this Nation, and, for the Care he hath taken in the Administration of Affairs till this Time; and that his Highness be desired to continue the same, till further Application be made unto him;

A Debate arose in the House thereupon.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to draw up and prepare an humble Address unto his Highness the Prince of Orange, upon the Debate of the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hampden, Mr. Finch, Mr.

Polexfen, Sir Thom. Clarges, Sir Edw. Seymour, Colonel Birch, Mr. Gancay, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir C Edw.

Grand

Committees.

Committee of Privileges.

id 22° Januarii. A. 1688.

Edw. Harley, Mr. How, Sir James Oxen den, or any

Three of them, to prepare the same: Who are immediately to withdraw into the Speaker’s Chamber for that Purpose; and to bring the same into the House with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do sit every Tuesday, in the Afternoon,' in the House.,

A Petition of John Doi'mcr, Esquire, complaining of Wallingford an undue Return of Members, for the Borough of Wal- Election. lingford in the County of Berks, to serve in this present Convention, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Thursday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Monday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Resolved, That a Committee of Elections and Privileges be appointed of the Persons following; viz.

Sir Henry Capell, Sir John Sir Edw. Harley, Lord Castleton, Sir Tho.Littleton, Marquis of

cester, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir How, Sir Mich.

Wharton, Sir George Trcby, Lord Colonel

ney, Sir Hen. Winehcombe, Sir Temple, Mr. Tho-

mas Wharton, Mr. Arnold, Sir Russell, Sir Win. Ellis, Lord Colchester, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Roger Cave, Mr. Done, Mr. Windham, Sir Robert Sawyer, Lord Falkland, Sir Patience H ard, Sir Wm. Williams,

Mr. Lore, Sir Christopher MaMr. Philip Foley, Mr. Paul Foley, Lord Coote, Alderman Mr.

Hen. Pole.rfen, Sir lVm. Poullney, Mr. Sir

Tho. Clarges, Mr. Howe, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bockland, Mr. GarzcdySir

Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Sommers, Sir Will. Gregory, Sir

Peter Rich, Sir Jos.Trcdenham, Mr. Foley,

Lord Wiltshire, Sir Fran. Ware, Sir Fran. Drake, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. JVortley, Sir James Rushot, Mr. Tho. Howard, Mr. John Poleafen, Sir lVm. Strickland, Mr. Hampden, Mr Wallopp, Mr. KMr Lord

Cornbury, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Cary, Major Mr. Elricke, Sir James Hayes, Col. Birch, Sir

Knatchbull, Mr. Bromley, Mr. St. John, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Parker, Mr. Fretike. Sir Acton,

Mr. cJephson, Sir John More ton, Sir Fere Fane, Mr. Ash, Colonel Lee, Mr. Buscowen, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Palmes,

Mr. Ilarbord, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Lord

Sherrard, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Courtney, Sir Christopher

Nevile, Mr. Pupillion, Mr. Herbert, Colonel Strangewaycs,

Mr. Foot Ons/owe, Mr. Grey,

And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Three of tue Clock in Speaker’s Chamber; and every Wednesday,

and Friday, at the Time and Place before-mentioned; and to take into their Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the House from time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so in Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in: And that all Members upon double Returns do forbear to sit until the Point of the Rouble Return is determined, unless they be returned in the several Certificates,-or Indentures; and that all such who are so returned in the several Certificates, or Indentures, may sit: And the said Committee is impowered to send for Witnesses, Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for either Place. And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member of this Committee, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

A Petition of Thomas Vincent, Esquire, complaining Rv<mt« of an undue Return made of Burgesses, to serve in this Election. Convention, for the Borough of Rygate in the County Of Surrey, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges'; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Trenchard, and Clarke, Taunton

Esquires, complaining of great Riots and Abuses, com- 1-Ice nun. mitted at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Convention, for the Borough of Taunton in the.

County of Somersett;and of an undue Return made

thereupon, in Injury of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House on Tuesday the Filth Day of February next.

A Petition of Sir John Eyles, and Trenchard, hevizes Esquire, complaining of an undue Return of Burgesses, ^lcction-to serve in this present Convention, for the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Conyers, Esquire, complaining of East an undue Election and Return of Members, for the Bo- hnuttcnjl rough of East Grinsteadin the County of to serve L ettloIU

in this present Convention, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Nath. Bailey, Gentleman, and others, ]\ialbrou£h on the Behalf of themselves, and the major Part of the Election. Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Borough of in the County of Wilts, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Members for the said Borough, to serve in the present Convention, was read.

Onlered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Robert Henley, Knight, and Amlwcc

nab/cs, Esquire, on Behalf of themselves, and tiic Body of E.ecuou. the Burgesses of the Borough of Andover in the County of Southampton, complaining of an undue Return, made by the Bailiff of the said Borough, of Burgesses to serve in this present Convention, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Lamott Hbncywood, Esquire, com- j-ssox plaining of an undue Election and Return of Knights, Election. for the County of Essex, to serve in this present Convention; and also of undue Practices of the Coroners of the said County, in relation thereunto, was read

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition

1

Xew Sarum Mention.

Wallingford

i, tciioii.

Manner of

tilling up \ aC

Colchester

Uecuon.

Crirklade Klti uon.

f)av of iliar.ks-^ung.

A. i£88.

22* Januarii.

It

A Petition of Samuel Ayres, Esquire, and David Thomas, Doctor in Pbysick, coirlplaining of an Undue Election and RetUm of Citizens for the City of Nero Sarum in the County of Wilts, to serve in this present Convention, was read.

Ch'dered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof, and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Jenu Esquire, complaining of a double Return made, of Members, for the Borough of Wallingford in the County of Berks, to serve in this present Convention, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

John Arnold, Esquire, a Member of this House, being elected and returned, 'to serve in this present Convention, as well for the Borough of as for the

Borough of Southrcarhe; and having this Day made his Election, to serve for the Borough of Soutlavarke; and the House being also informed, that, by reason of the Promotion of the Lord Houghton to the House of Peers,' upon the Death of his Father the Earl of there is a Vacancy for the County of Nottingham, for which his Lordship was chosen One of the Knights;

A Motion was made, That the House would consider of a proper Way for filling up Vacancies; which have already happened, or shall hereafter happen.

And a Debate arising thereupon in the House;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned.

A Petition of Sir Walter C/arges, Baronet, complaining of an undue Return and Election of Mr. and Mr. Isaac Rcbmc, for the Borough of , in

Injury of the Petitioner, who ought to be returned to serve in this present Convention, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Freal Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Membersf for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, to serve in this present Convention; and of divers undue Proceedings at the Time of the sa'd Election; was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Message from- the Lords, by Sir Robert Alleyns and Mr. IIhit lode; ,;

Mr. Speaker, The L,ords have sent us to acquaint this House with an Order; to which they desire the Concurrence of tl.is Mouse; ...

The Messengers, being withdrawn; the Order was read; and is as follows:

v Die' Mart'is,22° Januarii, 1688."

‘ 1, . ! 1 - ,

" Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and That Thursday the 3 ith of January instant be and is hereby appointed for the City of , and

Ten Miles Distance, for a Day of public Thanksgiving to Almighty God, for having made his Highness the

[Prince of Orange the glorious Instrument of the great Deliverance of this Kingdom from Popery and Arbitrary Power: And that Thursday the 14th of February next be and is hereby appointed* for a public Thanksgiving, throughout the whole Kingdom, for the same."

Resolved, &c. That the Blank be filled up with the Word "Commons."

Vol. X! i' -J " ‘

And the said. Order being read a Second time, with the said Amendment.

Resolved, Nomine contradicente.That this House doth

agree with the Lords in the said Order, with the said Amendment.

The Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the Concurrence of the House to the said Order, with the said Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Message Sir John. Francklin; ^rom

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire, that this House sitting'1*1* will be pleased to continue sitting some time longer. "

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, That this House will continue sitting for some time longer.

The Messengers being again called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them with the said Resolve of the House.

A Petition of Sir Tlwmas Mompesand Sir Eliah Sarum

Hetxcy, Knights, complaining of illegal Practices com- ^ect*on. mitted in the Election of Members to serve in this present Convention for the Borough of Old Sarum in the County oil Tilts;and of undue Return made thereupon, in Injury of the Petitioner; was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mr. Hampden reports from the Committee appointed Address to to draw up an Address to his Highness the Prince of l*ie Pnnceof Orange, upon the Debate of the House, an Address agreed range' to by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same being again read, was, upon the Question, agreed to by the flouse; and is as followeth;

\V E the Commons, now assembled at Westminster, do, with all Thankfulness, acknowledge the great Deliverance this Nation has received by the seasonable. Assistance which it has pleased Almighty. God to put into your Highness’ Heart, to bring unto us against that Power which had introduced Popery and Slavery; and for the Care your Highness has been pleased to take in the Administration of publick Affairs, in pursuance of the Advice of divers Commoners of England, lately assembled at your Highness’ Desire, in this extraordinary Conjuncture.

Ln pursuance of the same Advice, we are now met, and do sit, at Westminster this 22th Day of January, being chosen upon your Highness’s Letters, directed to the several Counties, Cities, U niversities, Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, who have Right to send Members to Parliament, according to such Right; and observing that the Desire and Advice of that late Assembly to your Highness, to take upon you the Administration of publick Affairs, extended 110 farther in Time than this present 22th pay January; but, having in our Eyes the same desirable Ends, for which-that Advice was given, the Preservation of our Religion, Laws, and Liberties, and the Peace of the Nation; do make it our unanimous Request to your Highness, that yon will continue the same Administration in all Particulars, in the aforesaid Advice expressed, until further Application, in reference thereto, shall be made to your Highness by us the Commons now assembled at Westminster, as aforesaid.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to the said Address. '

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry up the said Address to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, that the House would appoint State of the a Day to take into Consideration the Condition and State ^utton-of the Nation;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House do, on

Monday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, take into Consideration the Condition and State of the Nation.

A Message

Address to the Prince of Orange.

Defaulters at Call of the House.

Message from Lords to continue sitting.

Dr. Burnett to preach on 31 Jan.

Rye

liter ion.

12

220 — 230

A. 1688.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and

Mr. Serjeant Holt;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to attend this House, with an Address to his Highness the Prince of Orange’, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Messengers being withdrawn; the Address sent down from the Lords was read; and is as followeth;

WE the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, assembled at Westminster, being highly sensible of the great Deliverance of this Kingdom from Popery and Arbitrary Power; and that our Preservation is (next under God) owing to your Highness; do return bur most humble Thanks, and Acknowledgments to your Highness, as the glorious Instrument of so great a Blessing to 11s.

We do further acknowledge the great Care your Highness has been pleased to take in the Administration of the publick Affairs of the Kingdom to this Time; and we do most humbly desire your Highness, that you will take upon you the Administration of publick Affairs both Civil and Military, and the Disposal of the publick Revenue, for the Preservation of our Religion, Rights, Laws, Liberties and Properties, and of the Peace of the Nation; and that your Highness will take into your particular Care the present Condition of Ireland, and endeavour, by the most speedy and effectual Means, to prevent the Dangers threatening that Kingdom: All which we make our Request to your Highness to undertake and exercise, till further Application shall be made by us; which shall be expedited with all convenient Speed; and shall use our utmost endeavours to give Dispatch to the Matters recommended to us by your Highness’ Letter.

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with the Word " Commons."

And the said Address, with the said Amendment, being again road;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address, with the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Capell do carry up the Address to the Lords, and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House thereunto, with the said Amendment.

to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this Stairs, &c. House, do take effectual Care to keep the Stairs and Pas- be kehl sages to the House free from Interruption by Footmen L edr‘ and Lacqueys: And that no Footman or Lacquey do presume to stand or remain upon the Stairs; whereof they are hereby required to take special Notice, and demean themselves accordingly: And that this Order he affixed on the Doors of Westminster Hall, and the Posts, and other convenient Places adjacent to this House.

A Petition of Sir Peter Tyrrell, Baronet, and l>uckiii«ham

Atkyns, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election returned of Members to serve in this present Convention, for the Borough and Parish of Buckingham in the County of Buckingham, . read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Motion being made, that the Votes of this House be printed;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

The Question was put, that they be printed, accordingly:

And it passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir J Cooke and Sir John Francklyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- Prince of quaint this House, That his Highness the Prince of 0,'ant>e *P*

hath sent them an Answer to their Message, That he is

ready to receive both Houses at St. James's: And that their Lordships are going immediately thither.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, That this House do forthwith go in a Body, w’ith Mr. Speaker, attended with the Mace, to accompany the Lords to his Highness the Prince of Orange.

Thq Messengers, being called in, w ere, by Mr. Speaker, acquainted with the said Resolve.

And then the House ad journed till Tomorrow

Ordered, That the Names of such Members of tire House, certified by the Clerk of the Crown, who made Default this Day upon the Calling over the House, be again called over on Saturday next: And that the Clerk of the Crown do, upon Saturday Morning next, bring in a Certificate of all the Returns now wanting, that shall be brought in by that Time; and that the same be then* called over also.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Francklyn:

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, that they are sending to his Highness the Prince of Orange, to know what Time he will please to appoint this Evening to be attended by both Houses; and that their Lordships do desire, that this House will please to continue sitting, until they receive his Highness s Answer.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, That this House will continue sitting, as the Lords do desire.

The Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquaints them with the said Resolve.

Ordered, That the Reverend Dr. Gilbert Burnett be desired to preach before this House at St. Margaret's Westminster, the 31th of January instant, the Thanksgiving Day; and that Mr. Dalbcn do acquaint him with such the Desire of this House.

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,23° elk Januarii, 1688.

Prayehs.

R. Speaker acquaints the I louse, That both Houses Answer to _LYjL having last Night attended his Highness the Prince ei4* of Orange with the Address, his Highness was pleased to give them an Answer to this Effect;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I AM glad that what I have done hath pleased you:

And, since you desire me to continue the Administration of Affairs, I am willing to accept it. I must recommend to you the Consideration of Affairs abroad, which niaketh it fit for you to expedite your Business, not only for making a Settlement at Home upon a good Foundation, but for the Safety of all Europe.

A Petition of fVm. Probert, Esquire, complaining of an Radnor undue Election and Return of Burgesses, to serve.in this huiou^h present Convention, for the Borough of Radnor in the Llectl0U-County of Radnor, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof) and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Austen, complaining of an The House then resumed the Consideration of vacant Manner of undue Return of Barons to serve in this present Con- Places of Members to serve in this Convention. v'r'ncie

vention, for the Town of Rye, in the County of Sussex, Resolved, That where any Vacancies have already hap- *lLa"Ut* in Injury of the Petitioner, was read. pened, or shall hereafter happen, by Death of Removal of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- any Members or double Returns, Mr. Speaker do, for the sideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; future, upon Motion to this House, by his Letter, make 15 ~ ' Application

A. 1688.

230 — 26°

13

Dunwich

KKction.

Guilford Elec non.

Mainubury

Election.

Moumouth

Borough

Vacancy.

Adjourn-

ment.

Committee of Privileges.

Application to his Highness the Prince of Orange, desiring him to issue out his Letter, directed to the respective Coroner or Coroners or chief Magistrates, as formerly, for the supplying such Vacancies, by electing other Members therein.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up the Form of the said Letter from Mr. Speaker to his Highness.

And it is referred to Mr. Hampden, Mr. Sir

JVm. Williams, Sir Theo. Clerges, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Goodrike, Mr. Finch, Mr. Jephson, Mr. Gower, Sir Edzv. Seymor, or any Three of them, to prepare the same: And they are immediately to withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber for that Purpose; and present the same to the House, with ail convenient Speed.

Mr. Hampden reports, from the Committee, That they had agreed upon the Form of such Letter: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was again read; and is as followeth;

May it please your Highness,

IN Obedience to an Order of the Commons, now assembled at Westminster, I am to inform your Highness, that by

there is wanting at this time a Member to serve in this Convention for 1

and therefore to desire your Highness, that for the filling up the said Vacancy, your Highness' Letter be immediately directed to

for electing a Member to serve in this Convention as

for the said

Resolved, That this House do agree with the Committee in the said Form of the said Letter.

A Petition of Sir Philip complaining of a

Double Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Convention, for the Borough of Dunwich in the County of Suffolke, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petit:on be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Morgan Randill, Esquire, complaining of an undue Return and Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Convention for the Borough of Guilford, in the County of Surrey, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Henry Wharton, Esquire, a Member of this House, acquainting the House, that he is elected and returned to serve as well for the Borough of in the County of Wilts, as for the County of Westmorland, made his Election to serve for the said County:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make Application, by his Letter, to his Highness the Prince of Orange, to issue out his Highness’s Letter for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Convention, for the Borough of Malmsbury, in the room of the said Mr.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do, by his Letter, make Application to his Highness the Prince of Orange, to issue out his Highness’s Letter for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Convention, for the Borough of Monmouth, in the room of John Arnold, Esquire, who did Yesterday waive his Election for the said Borough; and made his Election to serve for the Borough of in the County of Surrey.

Resolved, That this House will adjourn itself until Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Elections and Privileges do meet and sit on the usual Days, during the Adjournment of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. X.

Sabbati, 26° die Januarii, 1688.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainting the House, that he had Porealston received a Letter from Sir John Maynard, Knight, Election. Serjeant at Law, that he was chosen to serve in this present Convention, both for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and also for the Borough of Bore-alston in the same County; and that he made his Election to serve fot* the said Borough of Plymouth:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make Application, by his Letter, to the Prince of Orange, to issue out his Highness's Letter for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Convention, for the Borough of Borealston in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir John Maynard.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of South- Southwarke rvarkein the County of Surrey, complaining of an undue Election. Election and Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Convention, for the said Borough, and of divers undue Practices, touching the said Election, was read.

A Question was put, That the Petitioners, who subscribed the Petition, Should be called in, to own the Petition:

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof, and to report the same, 1 with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Samuel Barnardiston Baronet, com- Suffolke

plaining of an undue Election and Return of Knights to Election, serve in this presentConvention, for the County of Suffolke, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- . sideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof, and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Chaffin, Esquire, setting forth, pot>le that he, with Henry Trenchard, Esquire, was chosen, and Election, returned by the Sheriff of the Town and County of Poole, to serve as Burgess in this present Convention, for the said Town; but that the Sheriff had also returned Sir Natha-, nael Nappier, in Prejudice of the Petitioner; and praying

that the Merits of the Cause, may be heard at the same time with the Double Return; was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to do therein as to them shall seem meet.

A Petition of Thomas Fawkes, Esquire, setting forth, Knareshoronjh that IVm. Slockdale, Esquire, is returned for One of Election, the Burgesses for the Borough of Knaresborough in the County of Yorke; and that the Bailiff of the said Borough hath, as to the Petitioner, and Edzv. Viscount Latimer, made a Double Return; but that, upon the face of the Return, it appeareth, the Petitioner ought to be the other Burgess to serve in this Convention for the said Borough; and praying that he may be relieved therein, accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to do therein as to them shall seem meet.

A Petition of Peter Gott, Esquire, complaining of Rye an undue Election and Return of Burgesses or Barons to Election, serve in this present Convention, for the Port of Rye in the County of Susses, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges;

' C 7

to examifie the Matter thereof, and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Slonhouse, Baronet, complaining Abingdon of an undue Election and Return of a Burgess to serve Election.

D in

i^-

Defaulters at Call of the House.

Dr. Sharpe to preach on 30 Jan.

Richmond V acancy*

Knarcsbc rough

Election.

Ivilchester

Election.

Ply m ton Election.

Member to withdraw.

160 — i8° — 290 Jamarii. J. 1688.

in this present Convention, for the Borough of Abingdon in the County of Berks, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Return for the Borough of in the County of

Suffolke, is sitting in the House;

And he, standing up in his Place, and excusing the same, as being (as lie conceived) not within the general Rule: And the Question being put, That he withdraw;

It passed in the Affirmative.

And he withdrew accordingly.

The House proceeded, according to the Order made on Tuesday last, to the Calling over the Names of such Members of the House as were certified by the Clerk of the Crown, who then made Default; and of such others as have been since that time certified: And those that now made Default were noted down.

Resolved, That there be a Sermon preached before this House at St. Margaretts, Westminster, on the Thirtieth

of January instaut.

Ordered, That the Reverend Dr. Sharpe, Dean of Norwich, be desired to preach before the House at St. Margoretts Westminster, on the Thirtieth of January

Instant; and that Sir John Knight do acquaint him with the Desire of the House.

And then the House adjourned until Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 28° die J 1688. Prayers.

THE House being acquainted, that by the Death of John Darcy, Esquire, there is a Place vacant of a Member to serve in this present Convention, for the Borough of Richmond in the County of Yorkc

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make Application, by his Letter, to his Highness the Prince of Orange, to issue out his Highness’s Letter for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Convention, for the Borough of Richmond in the County of Yorke, in the room of the said John Darcye, Esquire.

A Petition of- Edward Lord Latimer, setting forth, that William Stockdale, Esquire, being chosen for One of the Burgesses for the Borough of Kmresborough, in the County of Yorke; and that the Petitioner had the Majority of Votes above Thomas Fawkes, Esquire; but yet, that Mr. Fawkes had prevailed with the Bailiff to make a Double Return of them, in Prejudice of the Petitioner; and praying that he may be admitted to sit and represent the said Borough; was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof, and to do therein as to them shall seem meet.

A Petition of Wm. Strode and John Speake, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Convention, for the Borough of Ivilchester in the County of Somersett, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Rich. Strode, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Convention, for the Town of in the County of Devon, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The House being informed, that Roger North, Esquire, who is One of the Members returned in the Double

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do take Care to g . , keep the Speaker’s Chamber free from Strangers; and chamberto-that the Back-door being locked up, the Key be brought be locked, and laid upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of committee Elections and Privileges be impowered to receive Petitions of Privilege? concerning Elections of Members to serve in this present receive Convention; and that the Petitions be numbered as they come in; and heard in course, as the same shall be brought in to the Committee.

The House then, according to the Order of Tuesday gtate of thf last, proceeded to take into Consideration, the Condition Nation, and State of the Nation.

Resolved, That the House do now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Condition and State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hampden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hampden reports from the Committee of the whole House, that they, having taken into Consideration the Condition and State of the Nation, had agreed upon a Resolve: Which he read in his Place; and then delivered the same in at the Table: Where the same being again read, is as follows:

Resolved, That King James the Second, having endea- Resolution voured to subvert the Constitution of this Kingdom, by that tht; breaking the Original Contract between King and People; rre ,s and, by the Advice of Jesuits, and other wicked Persons, having violated the fundamental Laws; and having withdrawn himself out of the Kingdom; has abdicated the Government; and that the Throne is thereby vacant.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That King James the Second, having endeavoured to subvert the Constitution of the Kingdom, by breaking the Original Contract between King and People; and, by the Advice of Jesuits, and other wicked Persons, having violated the fundamental Laws; and having withdrawn himself out of this Kingdom; has abdicated the Government; and that the Throne is thereby vacant.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to this Resolve.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry up the said Resolve to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis,29° Januarii, 1688.

Prayers. preveuf

THE House being acquainted, that about One bun- sl)jpS goi"s dred and Fifty Sail of Ships are going out of this to France.-Kingdom for France, with an Intention to import from thence great Quantities of French Wines and Brandies into this Kingdom; ,

And a Motion being made, That an humble Address be presented to his Highness the Prince of Orange, to desire him to put a speedy Stop to all Ships which are going out of this Kingdom, for France;

The Question was put, That the Words, " fetch Wines and Brandies" be added to the Question:

Which passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an humble Address to his Highness the Prince of Orange, to desire him to put a speedy Stop to all Ships which are going out of this Kingdom, for France.

And

Suffolke

Election.

Committee to attend the House.

Gallery to be kept clear.

Trade with France.

Aid refs to prevent bbips gfing to Prince.

A.\6%. 29* — 30° — 31 " Jamami. 15

And it is referred to Mr. G Mr. Buscauen, Mr.

Hamden, Colonel Mildmay, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Sachevritl, Mr. Love, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Patience Ward, Colonel Birch, Sir John Knight, Sir Guise,

Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Har-hord, Sir John Moreton, Sir Rob. Clayton, Sir Thom. Lee, orany Three of them, to draw up the said Address: And they are immediately to withdraw into the Speaker’s Chamber for that Purpose; and to present the same to the House with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That the Coroner for the County of do bring in the Papers and Books of the Ppll for the Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Convention, for the said County, to the Chairman of the Committee of Elections; who is to deliver Copiesthereof to Sir Sam. Barnardiston, and the other Parties concerned, if the same shall be desired.

Ordered, That the Committee above-stairs do immediately attend the Service-of this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do keep the Gallery free from Strangers: And that the Back-door be locked up, and the Key brought and laid upon the Table.

Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, That a special Committee be appointed to consider of the Trade between this Kingdom and and how the same may be carried on by way of mutual Exchange of Coihmodities.

And it is refer red to Colonel Birch, Sir Jo.?. Trcdenham, Mr. Sacheverill, Mr. John Hamden, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir

Christo. Musgrave, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr.

Mr. Jephson, Mr. Love, Sir Patience Ward, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. John fen, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Thom. Foley, Mr. Gancay, Sir Henry Capell, Mr. Elwell, Mr. Musgrave, Sir John Mathewes, Mr. Done, Sir Edxc Harley, Lord Wiltshire, Mr. Buscmen, Sir John Thompson, Sir Sir Benj. Neuiand, Sir Thom. Clarges, Mr. Sir

John Knight, Mr. Colt, Lord Falkland, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Marquis of Worcester, Mr. Onslowe, Mr, Waller, Mr. Sanderson, Mr. Pitt, and all Members for the Sea Port Towns, and for the City of York, and Tow n of Hull; or any Three of them; to consider thereof; and make Report, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And they are to meet next Friday in the Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Richard Temple reports from the Committee appointed to draw up an Address to his Highness the Prince of Orange, to desire him to put a speedy Stop to all Ships that are going out of this Kingdom for That the

Committee having -taken into Consideration the Matters to them referred, had agreed upon an Address: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Table: WThere the same being again read, is as follows:

WE the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, assembled at Westminster, do humbly represent to Your Highness the great Dangers and Inconveniences that may happen to tins Nation, in this Conjuncture, by the great Number of Shipping of this Nation that at this Season are going for. France; and therefore do make it our humble Desire to Your Highness, to take some effectual Course, that an immediate Stop be put to the Going of any Ships or Vessels to France; that so the Seamen may be kept at home for the Service of the Nation.

A Motion being made, That these Words be added to the Address; viz. " excepting only such Ships as, belore the 29th of January, are cleared at the Custom-house

And the Question being put, That the said Words be added;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Address.

A Motion being made, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to the said Address;

Vol. X.

The previous Question was thereupon put, whether the Question be nowi put, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to the said Address: And

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Rich. Temple do present the said Address to his Highness the Prince of Orange.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the State of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of Nation, the Condition and State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hampden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hampden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee having taken into further Consideration, the Condition and State of the Nation, they had agreed upon Tw'o Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and then delivered them in at the Table:

Where the same being read, are as follows:

Resolved, That it hath been found, by Experience, to Refutations be inconsistent with the Safety and Welfare of this Pro- against a testant Kingdom, to be governed by a Popish Prince. p®P

Resolved, That the House be moved to appoint a Com- for fec,’,ing mittee, to bring in general Heads of such Things as are Religion, absolutely necessary to be considered, for the better se- Laws, and curing our Religion, Law s, and Liberties. Liberties.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That it hath been found, by Experience, to be inconsistent with the Safety and Welfare of this Protestant Kingdom, to be governed by a Popish Prince.

Resolved, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to the said Resolve.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry up the said Resolve to the Lords for their-Concurrence.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to bring in general Heads of such things as are absolutely necessary to be considered, for the better securing our Religioh,

Laws, and Liberties.

And it is referred unto Colonel Birch, Mr. Sacheverill,

Mr. Boscoxcen, Sir Thom.Lee, Mr. Jephson, Mr. Herbord,

Mr. Hen. Pole.vfen, Sir Geo. Trebye, Sir Edm. Seymour,

Mr. Wildman, Mr. Finch, The Earl oil lilts, Mr. Gar-

xcay, Mr. Thom. Foley, Mr. Ettericke, Lord Falkland,

Sir IVm. Williams, Sir Robert Cotton, Lord Colchester,

Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Hen. Hobart, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Mr. Rich. Hampden,

Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Somers, Mr. Eyres, Sir Thom.

Clarges, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. John Hamden, Mr.

Wharton, Sir Christo. Musgrave, Mr. Tipping, Mr.

Christy, Mr. Waller, Sir Boucher Wrey, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Wm. Ellis, or any Three of them: And they are to meet, in the Speaker's Chambers, Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock; and to present such Heads to the House with all convenient Speed.

Resolved, That this House will meet and sit Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow-Afternoon, Two of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30° dieJanuarii, 1688.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker and the House met, in the House, to House goes to go to St Margarett's Church. Church.

Jervis, 31° die Januarii, 1688.

Pray ers.

R. Speaker and the House met, to go to St. Mar- House goes to garett's Church. Church.

Post

Answer to Address.

Committees

adjourned.

Dr. Sharpe thanked.

Dr, Burnet thanked.

Theiford

Vacancy.

Ditto.

Scarborough Vacancy.

The Clergy thanked.

i 6 310 Januariu —

Tost Meridiem.

SIR Bichard Temple acquaints the House, That he had Yesterday attended his Highness the Prince of , Orange with the Address of this House, for the Stopping of the Ships going from this Kingdom towards and that his Highness was pleased very graciously to declare to this Effect; That he would follow the Advice of this House, and take effectual Care therein, accordingly.

Ordered, That all Committees, except the Committee for bringing in general Heads of such things as are absolutely necessary to be considered, for the better securing our Religion, Laws, and Liberties, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 1° die F 1688.

Prayers.

D ESO LVED, Nemine That the

* *- Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Sharpe, Dean of Norwich, for the Sermon he preached before this House on Wednesday last; and that he be desired to print his Sermon.

Ordered, That Sir John Knight, and Mr. Auditor Done, do acquaint him with such the Thanks and Desire of this House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Burnet, for the Sermon he preached before this House Yesterday; and that he be desired to print his Sermon.

Ordered, That Mr. Dalben do acquaint him with such the Thanks and Desire of this House.

William Harbord, Esquire, being chosen a Member to serve in this present Convention, as well for the Borough of Lanccston, in the County of Cas for the Borough of Thetford, in the County of and the Borough of

Scarborough, in the County of made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Lanceston.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make Application, by his Letter, to his Highness the Prince of Orange, to issue out his Highness’s Letter, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Convention, for the said Borough of ford in the County of Norfolke, in the room of the said Mr. Harbord.

Sir Henry Hobart, Baronet, acquainting the House, that he is chosen to serve in this present Convention, as well for the County of Norfolke, as for the Borough of Thetford in the same County, made his Election to serve as Knight of the Shire for the said County:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make Application, by his Letter, to his Highness the Prince of Orange, to issue out his Highness’s Letter, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Convention for the said Borough of Thetford, in the room of the said Sir Henry Hobart.

A Motion being made, that in regard William Harbord had this Day made his Election to serve as Burgess for the Borough of Lanceston in the County of Cornwall, being also elected a Burgess for the Borough of Scarborough in the County of Yorke;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make Application to his Highness the Prince of Orange, to issue out his Highness's Letter, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Convention for the said Borough of Scarborough, in the room of the said Mr. Harbord.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Thanks of this House be given to the Clergy of the Church of England, who have preached and written against Popery; and refused to read in thei;.- Churches, the King’s Declaration for Toleration in Opposition to the pretended

2 5

[° — 2° Februarii. A. 1688.

Dispensing Power claimed in the late Reign of King James the Second; and have opposed the illegal Ecclesiastical Commission.

Ordered, That Mr. Leveson Gawre, and Mr. Auditor Done do attend the Two Archbishops, with the said Resolve, to the End their Graces may communicate the same to the Clergy of their respective Provinces.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Thanks of The Army this House be given to the Officers, Soldiers, and Ma- Navy rines, in the Army and Fleet, for having testified their tbank®d* steady Adherence to the Protestant Religion, and been instrumental in delivering this Kingdom from Popery and Slavery; and also to all such who have appeared in Arms for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Lord Falkland, Mr. Sidney, Mr.

Wharton, and Sir Jokn Lowther, do communicate such the Thanks of this House, to the General Officers of the Army and Fleet.

A Motion being made, before Twelve a Clock, That Adjoum-the House will adjourn until Tomorrow Morning; raent.

The House divided. /

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Jj£- } «9-

Tellers for the Noe^r- . } .43-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 2° Februarii, 1688.

Prayers.

COLONEL Birch reports from the Committee of Truro Elections and Privileges, to whom the Merits of the Elefiion. double Return of Members to serve in this present Convention, for the Borough of Truro in the County of Cornwall, was referred, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon Two Resolves, to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Table: Where the same being read, are as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Henry Slade, at the Time of the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Convention, for the Borough of Truroe in the County of in pursuance

of his Highness the Prince of Orange's Letter, was the proper Officer who had Right to make Return of Burgesses to serve for the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Henry Asliurst, and Henry , Esquire,

are duly returned to serve in this present Convention, for the Borough of Truro.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Henry Slade, at the Time of the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Convention, for the Borough of Truroe in the County of Corncwall, in pursuance of his Highness the Prince of Orange's Letter, was the proper Officer who had Right to make Return of Burgesses to serve for the said Borough.

The Second Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Henry Ashurst, and Henry Vincent Esquire, are duly returned, to serve in this present Convention, for the Borough of Truroe.

Mr. L,evcson Gower acquaints the House that he, toge" Answer of ther with Mr. Auditor Done, having, according to the Archbishopa Order of the House, attended the Archbishops of Canter- to Thanks. bury and Yorke with the Thanks of this House to the

Clergy

Abbingdon

Election.

Declaration of Rights.

A. i(>88.

2° Februarii.

17

Clergy of the Church of England, who have preached and written against Popery, and have refused to read, in their Churches, the King’s Declaration for Toleration, in Opposition to the pretended dispensing Power claimed in the late Reign of King James the Second; and have opposed the illegal Ecclesiastical Commission; their Graces were pleased to return an Answer to this Effect:

That they do for themselves, and in the Behalf of the Clergy, return their hearty Thanks to this House for their favourable Vote; and will, as is desired, communicate the same to the Clergy concerned, in their respective Provinces.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Sir John or such as he shall appoint, to have Recourse to all the Poll Books, and other Books and Papers, which are in the Hands of the Overseers of the Poor of the Borough of Abbingdon;and all other Books relating to the Elec-

tien of a Burgess to serve in this present Convention, for the said Borough; and that lie have Copies of the same, if desired. And Thomas Mcd Esquire, a Member of this House, is to have the same Liberty.

Sir Geo. Treby reports from the Committee appointed to bring in the General Heads of such Things as are absolutely necessary to be considered, for the better Securing of our Religion, Laws, and Liberties, that the Committee, having taken into Consideration the Matters to them referred, had agreed upon several Heads for that Purpose: Which he read in his Place; and aiteiwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where being once read throughout; and a Second Time, one by one; the same, after some Amendments made to some of them at the Table, were, upon the Question severally put, agreed to by the House; and are as followeth:

1. The pretended Power of dispensing or suspending of Laws, or the Execution of Laws, by Regal Prerogative, without Consent of Parliament, is illegal.

Agreed.

2. The Commission for erecting the late Court of Commissioners for- Ecclesiastical Causes, and all other Commissions and Courts of like Nature, are illegal and pernicious.

Agreed.

3. Levying of Money for or to the Use of the Crown, by Pretence of Prerogative, without Grant of Parliament, for longer Time, or in other Manner, than the same shall be so granted, is illegal.

Agreed.

4. It is the Right of the Subjects to petition the King: And all Commitment^ and Prosecutions for such petitioning, are illegal.

Agreed.

5. The Acts concerning the Militia are grievous to the Subject.

Agreed.

6. The raising or keeping a Standing Army within this Kingdom in time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law.

Agreed.

7. It is necessary for the publick Safety, that the Subjects, which are Protestants, Should provide and keep Arms for their common Defence: And that the Arms which have been seized, and taken from them, be restored.

Agreed.

8. The Right and Freedom of electing Members of the House of Commons; and the Rights and Privileges of Parliament, and Members of Parliament, as well in the Intervals of Parliament, as during their Sitting; to be

preserved.

Agreed.

9. That Parliaments ought to sit frequently, and that their frequent Sitting be secured.

Agreed.

to. No Interrupting of any Session of Parliament, till the Affairs, that are necessary to be dispatched at that time, are determined.

Agreed.

Vox.. X.

11. That the too long Continuance of the same Parliament be prevented.

Agreed.

12. No Pardon to be pleadable to an Impeachment in Parliament

Agreed.

13. Cities, Universities, and Towns Corporate, and Boroughs, and Plantations, to be secured against Quo Warrantos, and Surrenders, and Mandates; and restored to their ancient Rights.

Agreed.

14. None of the Royal Family to marry a Papist Agreed.

15. Every King and Queen of this Realm, at the Time of their entering into the Exercise ot their Regal Authority, to take an Oath for maintaining the Protestant Religion, and the Laws and Liberties of tills Nation; and that the Coronation Oath be reviewed.

Agreed. \

r 6. Effectual Provision to be made for the Liberty of Protestants in the Exercise of their Religion, and for uniting all Protestants in the Matter of publick Worship, as far as may be.

Agreed.

17. Constructions upon the Statutes of Treason, and Trials, and Proceedings, and Writs of Error, inCases of Treason, to be regulated.

Agreed.

18. Judges Commissions to be made se bene

gesserint; and their Salaries to be ascertained and established, to be paid out of the publick Revenue only; and not to be removed, nor suspended, from the Execution of their Office, but by due Course of Law.

Agreed.

19. The requiring excessive Bail of Persons committed in criminal Cases, and imposing excessive Fines, and illegal Punishments, to be prevented.

Agreed.

20. Abuses in the Appointing of Sheriffs, and in the Execution of their Office, to be reformed.

Agreed.

Qi. Jurors to he duly impannelled and returned, and corrupt and false Verdicts prevented.

Agreed.

22. Informations in the Court of Kind’s Bench to be taken away.

Agreed.

23. T he Chancery, and other Courts of Justice, and the Fees of Offices, to he regulated.

Resolved, That this be an additional Head; viz.

24. That the Buying and Selling of Offices, may be effectually provided against.

Resolved, That this be another additional Head;

25. That upon Return of Habeas Corpus's, and Mandamus's, the Subject may have Liberty to traverse such Returns.

Resolved, That this be another additional Head;

2t). That all Grants of Fines and Forfeitures are illegal and void; and that all such Persons as procure them, be liable to Punishment.

Resolved, That this be another additional Head;

27. That the Abuses and Oppressions ki levying and collecting the Hearth-money, be effectually redressed.

Resolved, That this be another additional Head;

28. That the Abuses and Oppressions in levying and collecting the Excise, be effectually redressed.-

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr.

Methxcyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have considered of the Vote Lord* of this House, of the 28th of January list; to which they Amendment* concur with Amendments; unto which Amendments their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have considered of the Vote of this House, of 29th of January last, in the Words following; viz. " Resolved, That it hath been found by Experience to have been inconsistent with the Safety and Welfare of this Protestant Kingdom, to be governed by

E a Popish

18 2° — 4 9 FebruA. 1688.

a Popish Prince;" and their Lordships do unanimously concur therein with this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Tnm* The Clerk of the Crown being called in, amended the

Rttum Return for Truroe, by taking off, from his Highness the

Miended. prince of Oranges Letter, the Certificate, whereby John Tredenham and John M, Esquires, were returned.

Speaker’s The House being informed, That divers Persons, not Chamberaod being Members of this House, were in the Speaker’s deared tobe Chamber, and Gallery; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House is detained, by Sickness, from the Service of the House;

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do go up, and clear the Speaker’s Chamber and Gallery from Strangers, and lock up the Back-door; and that the Key thereof be laid on the Table.

Thetiord A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commons, Election, of the Borough of Thetforin the County of complaining of an undue Election and Return of Members to serve in this present Convention, for the said Borough, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Lords The Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Vote

to^ote'of'11* sent UP to t'iem from this House, the 28th of January Abdication, I®8* were read; and are as follows:

L. 8. Instead of the Word " abdicated," read " deserted."

L. 9. And leave out these Words, "and that the Throne is thereby vacant."

The First Amendment, Leave out the Word "abdicated," and insert the Word "deserted," being read a Second time;

The Question being put, that this House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Amendment, of leaving out the Words " and that the Throne is thereby vacant," being reada Second time;

The Question being put, that the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative,

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in Heads of Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, touching the Disagreement of this House to the Amendments proposed by the Lords to be made to the Vote of this House of the 28th of January last, which was sent up to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Serj. Maynard,

Lord Falkland, Mr. PoSir Tho. Lit t lei on, Mr. Dalben, Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Somers, Mr.

Mr. Tipping, Earl of Wiltshire, Col. Birch, Mr.

Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. son Goitre, Sir Robert Howard, Si Guise, Sir

Temple, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Busam en, Sir Geo. Treoy, Major Wildman, Sir Holt, Sir Thom. Clat'ges;

or any Three of them, to draw up the same: And they are to meet at Five of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 4° die , 1688.

Praters.

Cardigan A PETITION of John Vlughan, Esquire, complaining Election. -Tx of an undue Election and Return of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Convention for the County of Cardigan, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, was read.

24

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Wharton acquaints the House, that he, with the to Lord Falkland, Mr. Sidney, and Sir John Lcwther, had the Array*. attended Marshal Schomberg, and other Officers of the Army, with the Vote of Thanks of this House: And that he was pleased to declare, that he looked upon it as a great Honour done to the Army, that this House Should take so much Notice of the Services they had done; and that he would take care the Thanks of this House Should be communicated to the whole Army; and that he hoped it would have a very good Effect.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make Application, by Nottingham his Letter, to his Highness the Prince of Orange, to issue Vacancy, out his Letter, for the Electing of a Member to serve in this present Convention as a Knight of the Shire, for the County of Nottingham, in the room of the Lord Houghton, who is called to the House of Lords.

The Lord Wm.Pawlett acquainting the House, that he Southampton

was chosen to serve in this present Convention, as well Vacancy, for the County of Southampton, as for the City of Winston and making his Election to serve for the said City;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make Application, by his Letter to his Highness the Prince of to issue

out his Highness’s Letter, for electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Convention, for the said County of Southampton, in the room of the said Lord Wm. Pawlett.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee appointed Reasons for to prepare Heads of Reasons for a Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments pro- Amendments posed by the Lords to the Vote of th is House of the 28 th of January last, sent up to the Lords for their Concurrence, That they had prepared several Heads of Reasons, accordingly, why this Housedid not concur with the Lords in the said Amendments: The which Reasons he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being again severally read, were, upon the Question, severally put, agreed to by the House; and are as follow eth;

The First Amendment, proposed by the Lords to be made to the Vote of the Commons of the 28th of January, instead of the Word "abdicated," to insert the Word " deserted," the Commons do not agree;

Because the Word " deserted" does not fully express the Conclusion necessarily inferred from the Premises which your Lordships have agreed: For your Lordships have agreed that King Janies the Second has endeavoured to subvert the Constitution of the Kingdom, by breaking the Original Contract between King and People; and has violated the fundamental Laws; and withdrawn himself out of the Kingdom. Now the Word "deserted" respects only the withdrawing; but the Word "abdicated" respects the Whole; for which Purpose the Commons made choice of it.

The Commons do not agree to the Second Amendment, to leave out these Words, " and that the Throne is thereby become vacant."

1. Because they conceive, that, as they may well infer from so much of their own Vote as your Lordships have agreed, that King James the Second has abdicated the Government; and that the Throne is thereby vacant: So, if they Should admit your Lordships Amendment, "That he has only deserted the Government;" yet even thence, it would follow, that the Throne is vacant, as to King James the Second; deserting the Government being, in true Construction, deserting the Throne.

2. The Commons conceive they need not prove to your Lordships, That, as to any other Person, the Throne is also vacant: Your Lordships, as they conceive, have already admitted it, by your addressing to the Prince of Orange, the 25th of December last, to take upon him the Administration

Conference with Lords.

Bailing and Escape oi Brent.

Declaration of KiJit*.

Higham

Ferrara

Vacancy.

Bailing and Escape of Brent.

A. 1688. 40 — 50 Februarii. 19

stration of publick Affairs, both Civil and Military, and to take into his Care the Kingdom of Ireland, till the Meeting of this Convention; and to write his Letters, for this Meeting, and for directing the Choice of Commons thereto; by your Lordships meeting in this Convention, in pursuance of such Letters; by your renewing the same Address to him (as to the publick Affairs, and the Kingdom of Ireland) since you met; and by appointing Days of publick Thanksgiving to be observed throughout the whole Kingdom: All which Acts the Commons conceive to imply, That it was your Lordships Opinion, that the Throne was vacant, and to signify as much to the People of this Kingdom.

3. It is from those who are upon the Throne of England, (when there are any such) from whom the People of England ought to receive Protection; and to whom, for that Cause, they owe Allegiance: But, there being none now, from whom they can expect Regal Protection, and to whom therefore they owe the Allegiance of Subjects, the Commons conceive the Throne is vacant

Resolved, That the Earl of Wiltshire do go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference, upon the Subject Matter of the said Amendments.

The Earl of Wiltshire reports, That, he having attended the Lords to desire a Conference, they had given Answer, That they did consent to a Conference accordingly, immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare Heads of Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, be the Managers of the said Conference.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee appointed to manage the Conference with the Lords, That they had attended the Lords at the Conference; and communicated to their Lordships the Reasons why this House doth not concur with their Lordships in the said Amendments.

The House being informed, that Sir James Smith had bailed Mr. Brent, who is since fled;

Ordered, That Sir James Smith, One of the Aldermen of the City of London, be sent for to attend this House immediately, to answer to what shall be objected against him concerning the Bailing of Mr. Brent.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee to whom it was referred to bring in General Heads of such Things as are absolutely necessary to be considered, for the better Securing of our Religion, Laws, and Liberties, to distinguish such of the General Heads, as are introductory of new Laws, from those that are declaratory of ancient Rights. And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and draw the said Heads into Form, and consider of a Title to be put to the same.

Ordered, That Sir John Holt be added to the said Committee.

Sir Rice Rudd acquainting the House, That he is chosen to serve in this present Convention, as well for the County of Carmarthen, as for the Borough of Ferrars in the County of Northampton; and making his Election to serve for the County of Carmarthen;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make his Application, by his Letter, to his Highness the Prince of Orange, to issue out his Highness’s Letter, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Convention, for the said Borough of Higham Ferrars, in the room of the said Rice Rudd.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 5° die Februarii, 1688.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Sir James Smith attended, pursuant to the Order Yesterday; ... was called in; and gave the House an Account touching the Commitment and Bailing Mr. Brent.

You X.

And beingwithdrawn;

Ordered, That Sir James Smith do attend this House again, Tomorrow Morning, with a Copy of the Commitment of Mr. Brent; and of the Recognizance taken upon his Bailing; And also that Sir Wm. Waiter be summoned to attend this House,*at the same time, touching the same Matter.

Ordered, That the Keeper of the Compter of the City of London, who had lately in his Custody the Body of Robert Brent, Esquire, by Warrant of Commitment from Sir James Smith, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock; and bring with him the original Warrant of Commitment of the said Mr. Brent.

The Order for the Hearing, at the Bar of this House, Taunton of the Matter touching the Election of Burgesses for the tleftion-Borough of Taunton in the County of Somersett, was read;

And the Counsel for the Parties called in: And, after some proceeding in the said Hearing;

Ordered, That the further Hearing the said Cause be adjourned until Thursday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and Mr. Metkwyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- Lords desirea quaint the House, That their Lordships do desire a pre- Conference, sent Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords in the Painted Chamber, as is desired.

The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them therewith.

Ordered, That the same Persons who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clarges and Sir John Holt be added to the said Committee who are to manage the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Back-door leading into the Speaker’s Back-door of Chamber be from time to time kept locked up, during the Sitting of this House; and the Key to be kept lying be locked. ° on the Table; and not to be delivered out without Leave of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms do take care to 6ee this Order executed.

Mr. Hamden reports, That the Persons appointed to Conference manage the Conference with the Lords had attended the with fords — Lords at the same;. and that the Earl of Nottingham 'n>endm‘:nt3 spoke to this Effect; viz. Abdi’cati’on.

That the Lords had desired this Conference with the Commons, that they might be as happily united to the Commons in Opinion, as they are inseparable in Interest.

That they are, at this time, very uneasy, that they cannot concur with the Commons in every thing; because it is in so great a Concern of the Nation, and from so great and wise a Body.

That he then delivered what the Lords had done, in reference to the Subject Matter of the last Conference; and said, that the Lords did insist upon their first Amendment of the Vote of the House of Commons, of the 28th of January last, instead of the Word " abdicated," to have the Word " deserted;" for these Reasons:

1. Because the Lords do not find, that the Word " abdicate" is a Word known to the common Law of

England; and the Lords hope, that the Commons will agree to make use of such Words only, whereof the Meaning may be understood, according to Law, and not of such as will be liable to doubtful Interpretations.

2. Because, in the most common Acceptation of the Civil Law, Abdication is a voluntary express Act of Renunciation, which is not in this Case; and does not follow from the Premises, That King James the Second, by having withdrawn himself, after having endeavoured to subvert the Constitution of the Government, by breaking the Original Contract between King and People, and having violated the fundamental Laws, may be more properly said to have deserted, than abdicated.

He

20 5° — "6° — 7°

He said then, The Lords did insist upon the Second Amendment, to leave out the Words "and that the Throne is thereby vacantfor this Reason:

For that although the Lords have agreed, that the King has deserted the Government; and therefore have made Application to the Prince of , to take upon him

the Administration of the Government, and thereby to provide for the Peace and Safety of the Kingdom; yet there can be no other Inference drawn from thence, but only the Exercise of the Government by King James the Second was ceased, so as that the Lords were and are willing to secure the Nation against the Return of the said King into this Kingdom; but not that there was either such an Abdication by him, or such a Vacancy in the Throne, or that the Crown was thereby become elective.

To which they cannot agree.

1. Because, by the Constitution of the Government, the Monarchy is hereditary, and not elective.

2. Because no Act of the King alone can bar or destroy the Right of his Heirs to the Crown: And therefore,

In Answer to the Third Reason, alledged by the House of Commons; If the Throne be vacant, of King James the Second, Allegiance is due to such Person as the Right of Succession does belong to.

And the Question being put, That this House do agree with the Lords in the said First Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That this’ House do agree with the Lords in the said Second Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for ] r5.

Tellers for the Noes,

And so it was resolved in the Negative.

Resolved, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Polexfen, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Holt, Mr. Sacheverill, Lord land, Major Wildman, Sir Geo. Treby, Col. Birch, Mr. Somers, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Garway, Sir Temple,

Mr. Buscowen, Sir Hen. Goo Sir Tho. Littleton,

Mr. Waller, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Guise, to manage the said free Conference.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Februarii. A, 1688.

Order of this House, attended the Lords, to desire a free Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, they had agreed to a free Conference, presently, in the Painted Chamber.

The House being informed, that there was so great a Crowd in the Painted Chamber, that the Members appointed to manage die free Conference, could not come to the Table;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go immediately (without the Mace) to the Painted Chamber; and require the present Return to this House of all the Members thereof, who are in die Painted Chamber, (except Serjeant Maynard, Sir Robert Howard, and Mr. Polexfen, who are at present lame) in order

to the Room’s being cleared of Strangers.

The House being informed, by the Serjeant at Arms,

That he having acquainted the Members of the House, in the Painted Chamber, wiUi die Order of the House for their speedy Return to the House, very few of them took Notice of the Direction of the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do go immediately with the Serjeant, and take the Names in Writing of such Members, as shall refuse to obey such the Directions of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and

Mr. Methwyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, that the Painted Chamber is now empty; and that their Lordships do expect the Mem bet's of this House at the free Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

And the Managers went to the free Conference.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committe«s

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow,

Nine a Clock.

Jervis, 7° dieFebmarii, 1688.

Prayers.

OR DERED, That the original Warrant of Commit- Warrant or ment of Mr. Brent, brought to this House Yesterday s

, Tr - , ’ mitment, OCC,

by the Keeper of the Com [iter ot London, be delivered back to him; and that the Copy of the Commitment and Recognizance taken upon the Bailing of Mr. Brent: produced Yesterday by Sir James Smith, do remain with the Clerk of this House.

Mercurii, 6° die , 1688.

Prayers.

Bailing and r11H E House being acquainted, that Sir James Smith, Escapeof X Sir Wm. Waller, and the Keeper of the Compter, Brent' attended, according to the Order of the House of Yesterday;

Sir )Vm. Waller was called in; and delivered what he had to say touching the Taking and Bailing of Mr. Brent:

And being withdrawn;

Sir James Smith was called in; and delivered a Copy of the Commitment, and of the Recognizance taken upon the Bailing of Mr. Brent.

Ordered, That Sir James Smith be committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Offence in bailing Mr. Brent out of Prison, who was committed for High Treason.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this ' House, do make diligent Search after Mr. Robert Brent, who was lately committed for High Treason, and since bailed out of Prison by Sir James Smith; and that, if the Serjeant do find him, he take him into Custody.

Conference Ordered, That Mr. Ddo go up to the Lords, and desired with desire a free Conference with them, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Mr. Dalben reports, that he having, according to the

Ordered, That the Committee to whom it was re- Declaration ferred to distinguish the general Heads of such Things ®f Rights, as are absolutely necessary to be considered for the better Securing of our Religion, Laws, and Liberties, as are introductory of new Laws, from those that are declaratory of ancient Rights, and to draw the same into Form, and consider of a Title to put to the same, be revived; and do immediately withdraw into the Speakers Chamber for that Purpose; and present the same to the House with all convenient Speed.

Resolved, That the Hearing touching the Matter of the Taunton Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Convention, Elect>on* for the Borough of Taunton, be further proceeded in; and that Counsel for the Parties concerned be called in.

The Counsel being called in; the Cause was further proceeded in, accordingly: And the House being in- Messagefrom formed there was a Message from the Lords; Lordsfagree-

The Counsel withdrew. >"g to Vote

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Rob. Atkyns and of AtK*ca' Sir Edward Nevill; tlon‘

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to let you know, that they have agreed to the Vote you sent them up of the 28th of January last, touching which there was a free Conference Yesterday, without any Alteration.

Resolved, That the Counsel be called in; in order to Taunton the further proceeding of the Cause. Election.

The

Message from Lords*

Prince and Princess of Orange declared King and Queen.

Oaths of Allegiance and bopremacy.

Message from the Lords for Adjournment.

Great

M.rlow

Vacancy.

Declaration of RigLis.

A. 1(588. 70 Februarii. £i

The Counsel were called in; and the Matter fully heard.

The Counsel withdrew.

And a Debate arising in the House;

The Question was put, That Sir William and John Sand ford, Esquire, the Sitting Members, be

duly elected to serve as Burgesses in this present Convention, for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of So-mersett.

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yens fSir Jos'

tellers lortne Yeas,£Mr

Tellers for the Noes £^r‘ ].o2

i euers for the i\oes,£Mf J132*

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Rob. Atkym and Sir William Dalben;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you \tith a Vote, passed Yesterday the 6th Instant; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also, That the Lords have thought fit, to draw the Forms of several Oaths, and have commanded us to attend you with them s And there is, at the latter End of the Paper, who Should take those Oaths: And their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House to the same.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Vote of the Lords, and the Paper, were severally read, and are as followeth; viz. '

" Die Martis, 6° Februarii, 1688."

" Resolved, by the Lords spiritual and assem-

bled at Westminster, That the Prince and Princess of Orange shall be declared King and Queen of England, and all the Dominions thereunto belonging."

I, A. B. do sincerely promise and swear, that I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance, to their Majesties King William and Queen Mary. So help me God.

I, A. B. do swear, that I do from my Heart abhor, detest, and abjure, as impious and heretical, this damnable Doctrine and Position, that Princes excommunicated, or deprived by the Pope, or any Authority of the See of Rome, may be deposed or murdered by their Subjects, or any other whatsoever: And I do declare, that no foreign Prince, Person, Prelate, State or Potentate, hath, or ought to have, any Jurisdiction, Power, Superiority, Preheminence, or Authority, Ecclesiastical or Spiritual, within this Realm. So help me God.

" That these Oaths be taken by all Persons when tendered to them, of whom the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy — |>e abrogated."

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and.

Mr. Meihxvyn;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaintyou, that they have adjourned until Four of the Clock this Afternoon; and that then they intend to sit again.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do make Application, by his Letter, to his Highness the Prince of Orange, to issue out his Li ighness’s Letter, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Convention, for the said Borough of Great Marlow, in the room of Sir John Borlace deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

SIR George Treby reports from the Committee, to whom the same Was referred, to distinguish of such Things as are absolutely necessary to be considered, for the better securing our Religion, Laws, and Liberties, as are introductory of new Laws, from those that-are declaratory of ancient Rights; and to draw the same into Vol. X.

Form, and consider of a Title to put to thte same; That ;ratlt» they had gone as far a3 they could; but that, as to the ol K^ts. Title, they had not yet prepared the same: And that; as to One of the Heads, viz." That no Pardons Should be pleadable to an Impeachment in Parliament," the Committee had, for divers weighty Reasons, thought fit to omit the same: And what the Committee had prepared, he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same at the Clerk’s Table: Where being first read throughout, and afterwards, Paragraph by Paragraph, upon the Question severally put, the same were agreed to by the House; and is as followeth:

WHEREAS the late King James the Second, by the Assistance of divers evil CoUocellors, Judges and Ministers, employed by him, did endeavour to subvert and extirpate the Protestant Religion, and thfe Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom,

By assuming and exercising a Power of dispensing and suspending of Laws, and the Execution of Laws, without Consent of Parliament;

By committing and prosecuting divers worthy Prelates; for humbly petitioning to be excused from concurring to the said assumed Power;

By issuing a Commission, under the Great Seal, for erecting a Court, called, The Court of Commissioners for Ecclesiastical Causes;

By levying Money for and to the Use of the Crown, by Pretence of Prerogative, for other time, and in other manner, than the same was granted by Parliament;

By raising and keeping a Standing Army within this Kingdom, in time of Peace, without Consent of Parliament l

By causing several good Subjects, being Protestants, to be disarmed;

By violating the Freedom of Election of Members to serve in Parliament;

By causing Informations to be brought and prosecuted, in the Court of King's Bench, for Matters and Causes, cognizable only in Parliament: And by divers other arbitrary and illegal Courses t

And whereas, of late Years, partial, corrupt, and unqualified Persons have been returned and served ort Juries in Tryals; and, particularly, divers Jurors, in Tryals for High Treason, which were not Freeholders;

And excessive Bail hath been required of Persons committed in criminal Cases, to elude the Benefit of the Laws made for the Liberty of the Subjects;

And excessive Fines have been imposed;

And illegal and cruel Punishments inflicted;

And several Grants and Promises made of Fines and Forfeitures, before any Conviction or Judgment against the Persons upon whom tht same were to be levied:

All which are utterly and directly contrary to the knowft Laws, and Statutes, and Freedom, of this Realm:

And whereas the said late King James the Second, having abdicated the Government; and, thereby; the Throne being vacant;

His Highness the Prince of Or, (whom it bath pleased Almighty God to make the glorious Instrument of delivering this Kingdom from Popery and Arbitrary Power) did, by the Advice of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and divers principal Persons of the Commons, cause Letters to be written to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, being Protestants; and other Letters, to the several Counties, Universities, Cities, Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, for the Choosing of such Persons, to represent them as were of Right to be sent to Parliament, to meet and sit at Westminster upon the 22th Day of January in this Year 1688, in order to such an Establishment, as, that our Religion, Laws, and Liberties, might not again be in Danger of being subverted:

Upon which Letters, Elections having been made accordingly;

And thereupon the said Commons so elected, being now assembled in a full and free Representative of this Nation, taking into their most serious Consideration the best

F Means

t)ecl»r&tion of Right*

21

7° — 8d Februarii.

A. *68

Means for attuning the Ends aforesaid, do in the First Place, (as their Ancestors, in like Case, have usually done) for the vindicating and asserting their Ancient Rights and Liberties, unanimously declare,

That the pretended Power of dispensing or suspending of Laws, or the Execution of Laws, by Regal Authority, without Consent of Parliament, is illegal:

That the Commission for erecting the late Court of Commissioners for Ecclesiastical Causes, and all other Commissions and Courts of like Nature, are illegal and pernicious:

That levying of Money for or to the Use of the Crown, by Pretence of Prerogative, without Grant of Parliament, for longer time, or in other manner, than the same is or shall be granted, is illegal:

That it is the Right of the Subjects to petition the King, and all Commitments and Prosecutions for such petitioning are illegal:

That the Raising or Keeping of a Standing Army Vvithin the Kingdom in time of Peace, unless it be with Consent of Parliament, is against Law:

That the Subjects, which are Protestants, may provide &nd keep Arms, for their common Defence:

That Election of Members of Parliament ought to be free:

That the Freedom of Speech, and Debates, or Proceedings in Parliament, ought not to be impeached or questioned, in any Court or Place out of Parliament:

That excessive Bail ought not to bd required; nor excessive Fines imposed; nor cruel and unusual Punishments inflicted:

That Jurors ought to be duly impanelled and retimed; and Jurors, which pass upon Men in Tryals for High Treason, ought to be Freeholders:

That all Grants and Promises of Fines and Forfeitures of particular Persons, before Conviction, are illegal and

void

And that, for Redress of all Grievances, and for the Amending, Strengthening, and Preserving of the Laws, Parliaments ought to be held frequently, and suffered to sit.

And they do claim, demand, and insist upon, all and singular the Premises, as their undoubted Rights and liberties; and that no Declarations, Judgments, Doings, or Proceedings, to the Prejudice of the People, in any of the said Premises, ought in any wise to be drawn hereafter into Consequence or Example, y

And, towards the making a more firm and perfect Settlement of the said Religion, Laws, and Liberties; and for Remedy of several Defects and Inconveniencies; it is proposed and advised by the said Commons, That there be Provision, by new Laws, made in-such manner, and with such Limitations, as, by the Wisdom and Justice of Parliament, shall be considered and ordained in the Particulars, and to the Purposes, following; viz.

For repealing the Acts concerning the Militia, and settling it anew;

For securing the Right and Freedom of electing Members of the House of Commons, and the Rights and Privileges of Parliaments, and Members thereof, as well in the Intervals of Parliament, as during their Sitting;

For securing the frequent Sitting of Parliaments;

For preventing the too long Continuance of the same Parliament;

For securing Universities, Cities, and Towns Corporate, and Boroughs, and Plantations, against Quo Warranto s, and Surrenders, and Mandates; and restoring them to their ancient Rights:

None of the Royal Family to marry a Papist:

Every King and Queen of this Realm, at the time of their Entering into the Exercise of their Regal Authority, to take an Oath for the Maintaining the Protestant Religion, and the Laws and Liberties of this Nation; and the Coronation Oath to be altered:

For the Liberty of Protestants in the Exercise of their Religion; and for uniting all Protestants, in the matter of Publick Worship, as far as may be;

For regulating Constructions upon the Statutes of Treasons, and Tryals, and Proceedings, and Writs of Error, in Cases of Treasqn;

For making Judges Commissions, se bene

gesserint; and ascertaining and establishing their Salaries, to be paid out of the public Revenue only; and for preventing their being removed or suspended from the Execution of their Offices, unless by due Course of Law;

For better securing the Subjects against excessive Bail in criminal Cases, and excessive Fines, and cruel and unusual Punishments;

For reforming abuses in the Appointing of Sheriffs, and in the Execution of their Office;

For securing the due Impanelling and Returning of Jurors, and preventing corrupt and false Verdicts;

For taking away Informations in the Court of King's Bench;

For regulating the Chancery, and other Courts of Justice, and Fees of Officers;

For preventing the Buying and Selling of Offices;

For giving Liberty to the Subjects to traverse Returns upon Habeas Corpus's and Mas;

For the preventing the Grants and Promises of Fines and Forfeitures, before Conviction;

For redressing the Abuses and Oppressions, in levying the Hearth-money;

And for redressing the Abuses and Oppressions, in levying and collecting the Excise.

A Motion being made, that there might be an Addition to the said Particulars, for a Provision to be made for the settling the Crown, so as no Papist may be admitted thereto;

jResolved, That it be added to the said Particular^, that Provision be made for the Settlement of the Crqwn, that no Papist may succeed or be admitted thereto; nor any Person that hath made or shall make Profession of being a Papist.

The Vote of the Lords, of the Sixth of this instant February, sent down to this House, for their Concurrence, concerning the Declaring the Prince and Princess of Orange King and Queen of , being read;

Resolved, That this House will take the said Matter into Consideration Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° dieFebruarii, 1688.

Prayers.

THE Order of the Day being read; IdlrKj

The House took into Consideration the Vote of i», i,;Ce and the Lords, of the 6th of February instant, sent down to Princess this House for their Concurrence. i Orange

King and Quern.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do take care to the Bartobe keep the Bar of this House clear from being stopped up, kej.t clear, by the Standing of the Members there, who ought to sit in their Places, and attend the Service of the House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Amendments to the Vote of the Lords, of the 6th Instant, sent down to this House for their Concurrence, upon the Debate of the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Holt, Serjeant Maynard,

Mr. Eyres, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir GeoTreby, Mr. Pollc.v-fen, Sir Rich. Temple, Lord Falkland, Mr. Somers, Sir Rob. Saxvyer, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Serjeant

Gregory, Mr. Wogan, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Finch, Sir II.

Capell, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Rob. Hoxvard, Mr.

Mr. Paid Foley, or any Three of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker s Chamber, for that Purpose.

Mr.

Vote of Lord* dec la ring the Prince and Princess of Orange King and and Queen.

J. j68$. ST Februarii,23

bf^RM*00 Mr- Sommers reports, from the said Committee, That Rlg u* a Difficulty hath arisen, amongst them, by reason there will be Occasion to make a Connection of the Amendments of the said Vote of the Lords, to the declaratory Part of the Paper of Heads, Yesterday reported to and passed by the House; and desires the Direction of the House therein.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, to connex to the said Vote of the Lords, and Amend* ments thereof, such Part of the Heads, passed this House Yesterday, as are declaratory of ancient Rights; leaving out such Part of the Heads as are introductory of new Laws.

The Forms of the Oaths, Yesterday sent down from the Lords to this House, for their Concurrence, being read;

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, to connex the said Forms of Oaths to the said Heads and Amendments.

Mr. Somers reports from the said Committee, That they having taken the several Matters to them referred into their serious Consideration, had agreed to several Amendments to be made to the said Vote of the Lords, to be reported to the House j and had made the several Connexions directed by the House: All which he read in his Place; and delivered them, in an intire Paper, at the Clerk's Table: Where the same, being pnce read throughout, and afterwards, Paragraph by Paragraph, were, upon the Question severally put; agreed to by the House; and are as follows:

WHEREAS the late King James the Second, by the Assistance of divers evil Counsellors, Judges, and Ministers employed by him, did endeavour to subvert and extirpate the Protestant Religion, and the Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom,

By assuming and exercising a Power of dispensing and suspending of Laws, and the Execution of Laws, without Consent of Parliament;

By committing and prosecuting divers worthy Prelates, for humbly petitioning to be excused from concurring to the said assumed Power;

By issuing a Commission, under the Great Seal, for erecting a Court, called, the Court of Commissioners for Ecclesiastical Causes;

By levying Money for and to the Use of the Crown, by pretence of Prerogative, for other time, and in other manner, than the same was granted by Parliament;

By raising and keeping a Standing Army within this Kingdom, in time of Peace, without Consent of Parliament;

By causing several good Subjects, being Protestants, to be disarmed;

By violating the Freedom of Election of Members to serve in Parliament;

By causing Informations to be brought and prosecuted, in the Court of Kina’s Bench, for Matters and Causes cognizable only in Parliament: And by divers other arbitrary and illegal Courses:

And whereas of late Years partial, corrupt and unqualified Persons, have been returned and served on Juries in Trials; and, particularly, divers Jurors in Trials for High Treason, which were not Freeholders;

And excessive Bail hath been required of Persons committed in criminal Causes, to elude the Benefit of the . Laws made for the Liberty of the Subjects;

And excessive Fines have been imposed;

And*.ilegal and cruel Punishments indicted;

And several Grants and Promises made of Fines and Forfeitures, before any Conviction or Judgment against the Persons upon whom the same were to be levied:

All which are utterly and directly contrary to the known Laws, and Statutes, and Freedom, of this Realm:

And whereas the said late King James the Second, having abdicated the Government; and the Tbroue, being thereby vacant;

His Highness the Prince of Orange (whom it hath pleased God to make the glorious Instrument of delivering this Kingdom from Popery and arbitrary Power) did, V o L. X.

by the Advice of thp Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and divers principal Persons of the Commons, cause Letter# to be written to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, being Protestants; and other Letters to the several Counties, Universities, Cities, Boroughs and Cinque Ports, for the Choosing of such Persons to represent them as were of Right to be sent to Parliament, to meet and sit at Westminster upon the 22th Day of January, in this Year 1688, in order to such au Establishment, as that their Religion, Laws, and Liberties, might not again be iq Danger of being subverted:

Upon which Letters, Elections having been madq accordingly;

And thereupon the said and the Commons, so elected, being now assembled in a ful' ' and free Representative of this Nation, taking into their most serious Consideration the best Means for attaining the Ends aforesaid, do in the first Place, (as their Ancestors, in the like Case, have usually done) for the vindicating and asserting their ancient Rights and Liberties, unanimously declare,

That the pretended Power of dispensing or suspending of Laws, or the Execution of Laws, by Regal Authority, without Consent of Parliament, is illegal:

That the Commission for erecting the late Court of Commissioners for Ecclesiastical Causes, and all other Commissions and Courts of like Nature, are illegal and pernicious:

That levying of Money for or to the Use of the Crown, by Pretence of Prerogative, without Grant of Parliament, for longer time, or in other manner, than the same is or shall be granted, is illegal:

That it is the Right of the Subject to petition the King; and all Commitments and Prosecutions for such Petitioning, are illegal:

That the Raising or Keeping a Standing Army within the Kingdom in time of Peace, unless it be with Consent of Parliament, is against Law:

That the Subjects, which are Protestants, may provide and keep Arms for their common Defence:

That Election of Members of Parliament ought to be free:

That the Freedom of Speech and Debates, or Proceedings in Parliament, ought not to be impeached or ques* tioned in any Court or Place out of Parliament:.

That excessive Bail ought not to be required, nor excessive Fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual Punishments inflicted:

That Jurors ought to be duly impanelled and returned; and Jurors, which pass upon Men in Trials for High Treason, ought to be Freeholders:

That all Grants and Promises of Fines and Forfeitures of particular Persons, before Conviction, are illegal and void:

And that, for Redress of all Grievances, and for the Amending, Strengthening, and Preserving of the Laws, Parliaments ought to be held frequently, and suffered to sit.

And they do claim, demand, and insist upon, all and singular the Premises, as their undoubted Rights and Liberties; and that no Declarations, Judgments, Doings,' or Proceedings, to the Prejudice of the People, in any of the said Premises, ought in any wise to be drawn hereafter into Consequence or. Example:

To which Demand of their Rights, they are particu- Prince and larly invited by the Declaration of his Highness the Prince Princess of of Orange, as being the only Means for obtaining a full Redress and Remedy therein. Having the refore an intire ^r<Quetnf Confidence that his Highness the Prince of Orange will perfect the Deliverance, so far advanced by him; and will still preserve them from the Violation of their Rights, which they have here asserted, and from all other Attempts upon their Religion, Laws, and Liberties; the said Commons,

assembled at Westminster, do resolve, That the Prince and Princess of Orange be, and be declared, King and Queen of England, France, and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging; to hold the Crown and

Royal

Succession to the Crown.

Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

Conference desired with Lords.

Committees.

Adjourn-

ment.

Pool

Election.

24 8° — 9° — 1 ia Februarii. 1688.

Royal Dignity of the said Kingdoms and Dominions to them, the said Prince and Princess, during their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them; and that the Administration of the Government be Only in, and exercised by, the said Prince of Orange, in the Name of the said Prince and Princess, duringthailr joint Lives: And, after their Deceases, the said Cirown and Royal Dignity of the said Kingdoms and Dominions to be, to the Heirs of the Body of the said Princess; and, for Default Of stich Issue, to the Princess Ann of Denmarke, and the Heirs of her Body; and, for Default of Such issues to the Heirs of the Body of the said Prince of Orange:

And they do pray the said Prince and Princess of Orange to accept the same, accordingly:

And that the Oaths hereafter mentioned be taken by all Persons, of whom the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy might be required by Law, instead of them: And that the said Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy may be abrogated.

I A. B.do sincerely promise and swear, that I will

be faithful, and bear true Allegiance, to their Majesties King William and Queen Mary. So help me God.

I A.B. do swear, that I' do from my Heart abhor, detest and abjure, as impious and heretical, this damnable Doctrine and Position, that Princes excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, or any Authority of the See of Rome, may be deposed or murdered by their Subjects, or any other whatsoever: And I do declare, that no foreign Prince, Person, Prelate, State, or Potentate, hath or ought to have, any Jurisdiction, Power, Superiority, Pre-heminence, or Authority, Ecclesiastical or Spiritual, within this Realm. So help me God.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, touching the Subject Matter of the Two Messages, Yesterday, sent down from them to this House; and that Mr. Wharton do go up, and acquaint the Lords with such the Desire of the House.

Mr. Wharton acquaints the House, that, according to their Order, he had attended the Lords; and that they had agreed to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the said Committee, last mentioned, do deliver the stud Paper of Heads, Amendments, and other Particulars, now agreed to by the House, unto the Lords; and manage the said Conference.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

The Question being put, that the House be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Noes went out.

TeUer.for.heNo} 94-

Teller, for he }, S5.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 9* Februarii, 1688.

Prayers.

COLONEL Birch reports from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to whom the Merits of the Double Return and Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Convention, for the Town and County of Pool, was referred, the State of the Fact: Which he produced to the House in Writing: Which being read at the Table, is as follows; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, that Henry Tren-chard, Esquire, and Sir Nathanael Napper, were returned by one Certificate; and the said Mr. and Tho.

Chajin, Esquire, were returned by the other Certificate.

It was proved, that Sir Nathanael Napper agreed to settle 15 L per Annum, on the Town, for their School;

and that he was at the Charge of passing their new Charter, before the Prince of Orange landed.

To which, it was answered, by the Counsel on the Othef Side, That what was done by Sir Nathanael Napper, was about the time that he was made free of the Town; and that it was usual to give Presents to the Town when any Person was made free; and particularly, that Mr. Tren* chard and Mr. Chajin, when they were made Freemen of the said Town, gave 50/. apiece, to the Use of the Town, for their Freedom.

That the Matter in Question was, whether the Right of Election be in the Mayor and Burgesses only; or in the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, who pay Scotland Lot:

That it appeared to the Committee, by many Parliament Returns which were produced to the Committee, that the Right of Election hath anciently been in the Mayor and Burgesses only; except a Return in the Eighteenth Year of King James the First; wherein the Commonalty are mentioned, with the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, in the Indenture; but That Indenture is sealed with the Common Seal of the Mayor, Aldermen and Burgesses.

That Sir Nath. Napper had Thirty-three Burgesses, and Mr. Chajin but Twenty-two.

But, of the Commonalty, that Mr. Chajin was allowed to have had the greater Number.

And that thereupon the Committee had agreed upon Two Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and then delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as follows:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Convention, for the Town and County of Poole, is in the Mayor, Burgess, and Commonalty of the said Town and County, who pay Scotland Lot.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that Tho. Chajin, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Convention, for the Town and County of Poole.

A Debate arising in the House thereupon;

The Question being put, that this House do agree with the Committee, that the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Convention, for the Town and County of Poole, is in the Mayor, Burgesses and Commonalty of the said Town and County, who pay Scotland Lot;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, that the House do agree with the Committee, that Thomas Chajin, Esquire, is duly elected to serve in this present Convention, for the Town and County of Poole;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Sir Nath. Napper, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Convention, for the Town and County of Poole.

The Clerk of the Crown being called in, amended the Return for the Town and County of Poole, by taking off the Certificate, whereby Tho. Chajin, together with Henry Trenchard, Esquire, was returned; leaving affixed, to his Highness the Prince of Orange his Letter, the other Certificate, whereby the said Sir Nath. Napper was returned, together with the said Mr. Trenchard.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 11° die Februarii, 1688.

Prayers.

f~\RDERED, That Mr. Gourdm and Mr. Nicolls Leave of have Leave to go into the Country. Absence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Me*»agefrom Mr. Methrcyn ;. Lords w con-

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire, That this House willtloue 3lttm8' please to continue sitting a little longer.

19 The

A. 1688. 11* FebrUari 1

The Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords to sit a little longer.

The Messengers being called in again; Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Lords desire A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and a Conference. Ml*. Metkwyn:

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

The Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, to meet their Lordships at a Conference, presently, as they desire.

The Messengers being called in again; Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Committee who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

I-ords Mr. Somet's reports from the Conference with the

Amendments Lords, That the Lord Famanaged the Conference

tioi^of*^* 1 the Lords; and delivered back the Paper of Heads, or Ki 'his, &c, Declaration, delivered to their Lordships at the last Con-° ference; with several Amendments; to which their Lord-

ships desired the Concurrence of this House: And that he gave several Reasons for such Amendments; but withal said, that they did in Substance agree with this House: Which several Amendments, with the Coherence, he read in his Place; and reported the Reasons given by the Lords for the same: Which are as followeth;

Page 1. L. 7, leave " dispensing and."

L. 8, after *‘ Parliament," add, " and by such dispensing with Law, as, by consequence, would subject all the Laws to his Will and Pleasure."

Reason. — Such a general Declaration against the Power of dispensing may, in many Cases, tend rather to the Prejudice than the Benefit of the Subject; because the Validity of Multitudes of Letters Patents and Grants from the Crown, in the Reigns of several Kings and Queens, do depend upon Non Obstante's.

L. »i 2, after " issuing," add, " and causing to be executed."

Reason. — Because the Commission might have been issued, and not executed. '

L. 21, after "Parliament," add, " and quartering Soldiers, contrary to Law."

Reason. — Proper to be added, as an Aggravation of the Grievance.

L. 23, after " disarmed," add " at the same time when Papists were both armed and imployed, contrary to Law." V

Reason. — This is a further Aggravation fit to be added to this Clause.

L. 26, leave out from " by " to the End of the Page. Reason. — Because they do not fully apprehend what is meant by it, nor what Instances there have been of it: Which, therefore, they desire may be explained, if this House shall think lit to insist further on it.

T*age i, L. 29, place, " Cities" before " Universities." Reason. — Being more agreeable to the Acts of Parliament.

Page 3, L. 10, fill the Blank with " Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and."

L. vi, instead of " so elected," read, " pursuant to their respective Letters and Elections."

Lv .7, leave out " unanimously."

L. 19' leave out " dispensing and."

L. 20, leave out the first " of."

L. 21, after " Parliament," add, " and the Power of dispensing with Laws, as it was exercised and extended in the Reign of the late King James the Second."

Reason. — The same as at i P. L. 7, 8.

Page 4, L. 5, instead of " provide and keep," read, " have," and leave out " common;" and after " Defence," add, " suitable to their Condition, and as allowed by Law."

L. 24, leave out " and suffered to sit.’’

Vol. X.

Reason. — Because the Assembling and Holding of Parliaments is all that is expressed in those Statutes made in that Behalf.

Page 5, L. 2, for "invited" read " encouraged."

L. 3, leave out " as being the only means for obtaining a full Redress and Remedy therein."

1 L. 12, for " I^aws," read " Rights; and after " Liberties,’’ add, " as they were established by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, at the time of the Accession of the late King Same's the Second to the Crown.

Reason. — Because ’tis reasonable to insist on all our other Rights, as well as those here enumerated.

L. 13, fill the plank with " Lords Spiritual and Temporal."

1 L. 15, instead of " the," read " William and Mary." t L. 22, instead of "Administration of the Government," read, " Sole and full Exercise of the Regal Power." s Page 6, L. 3, fill the Blank with " Lords Spiritual and Temporal." '

He also reported further, That the Lords had a further Declaration Consideration before them; which was to have made a l?ucllin8 the considerable Addition, as to a Provision against the Keep- orce*‘ ing of a Standing Army: But, as to that, they had prepared a Paper, purporting a Declaration of both Houses, concerning the Forces now in being, as a distinct Thing from the other Papers, and not intended to be made Part of the same; to which they desired the Concurrence of this House: And he also read the same in his Place:

Which said Amendments and Declaration being afterwards read at the Clerk’s Table; the said Declaration is as follows:

" Die Lana, 11 0 Februarii, 1688."

" It is declared by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, assembled at Westminster, That the Forces now in Being, or such as shall be thought necessary to be raised for the Reducing of Ireland, or the Assisting of our Allies abroad, according to Treaties, may be continued, till it be otherwise ordered in Parliament."

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Message Sir John Francklin; from Lords

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to ^)°urn* acquaint this House, that their Lordships have but adjourned but till Five a Clock.

The House then proceeded to take into Consideration the said Amendments of the Lords. Amendments

The First and Second of the said Amendments being *? Declara-again severally read; in regard the same relates to the Matter of the Amendments in the 3d Page, L. 17, 1£, ao, 21;

Resolved, That the Matter of the said First and Second Amendments be postponed, until the said other Amendments shall come to he considered.

The Three next Amendments being again severally read, were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The next Amendment, of leaving out from the Word " by" to the End of the First Page, being again read;

The Question being put, That this House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

It passed in the Negativ^.

The Four next Amendments being again severally read, were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Four next Amendments being again severally read;

A Debate arose thereupon;

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee appointed to manage the Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, to draw up Amendments, upon the Debate of the House, touching the Amendments which were this Day delivered by the Lords at a Conference, unto a Paper of Heads sent up from this House to the Lords, for their Concurrence, as Amendments to their Vote of the 6th Instant sent down to this House, which relate to the Matter of the pretended dispensing Power; and also, to draw upReasons, upon the Debate of the House, touching the Disagreement of this House

G to

Declaration touching the Forces,

Committees.

Lords

Amendments to Declara* tien of Rights, See.

26 ii° — 1 2° Februani. . 1688.

to the said Amendments of the Lords: And they are to meet, immediately after the Rising of the House, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to make Report thereof to the House, with all convenient Speed; and touching such other of their Amendments, as this House hath not agreed unto.

The Three next Amendments, being again severally jead, were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Two next Amendments being again severally read;

The Question being severally put, That this House do agree with the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Four last of the said Amendments, being, one after another, again severally read, were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the same Committee do also draw up Reasons upon the Debate of this House, why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the Amendments before-mentioned.

The Declaration touching the Forces, being again read;

Resolved, That the Consideration thereof be adjourned.

Ordered, That all Committees, except the Committee last before-mentioned, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 12* die Februarii, 1688. Prayers.

MR. Sommers reports from the (Committee to whom it was referred, the Amendments drawn up, upon the Debate of the House, to the Amendments proposed by the Lords to the Paper of Heads, or Declaration, delivered to their Lordships at a Conference Yesterday; and also, the Reasons why this House doth not agree with the Lords in those, and several of the Amendments proposed by the Lords: Which Amendments and Reasons he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in relation to the Matter of the pretended dispensing Power, in Page 1, L. 7, 8, as to the leaving out the Words " dispensing and, " and adding, " and by such dispensing with Laws, as, by consequence, would subject all the Laws to his Will and Pleasure ;" being the Two first Amendments proposed by the Lords in the introductory Part of the said Heads or Declaration:

They do not agree thereto.

But, as to the Clause in the assertory Part, in Page 3d, L. 19, 20, 21,'

That they do agree with the Lords, in leaving out the Words, " dispensing and, " and the Word " of, " P. 3, Fol. 19, 20, 21:

So that they agree with the Lords so far, as to suspending Laws.

But, instead of the Lords Amendment, by Addition of these Words, " and the Power of dispensing with the Laws, as it was exercised and extended in the Reign of the late "King James the Second,"

They do offer, that there Should be made a distinct Proposition, in this Manner;

" That the pretended Power of dispensing with Law s, or the execution of Laws, by Regal Authority, as it has been assumed and exercised of late, is illegal."

Page 1, L. 26, As to the Lords Amendment of leaving out from " by" to the end of the Page; to which the Commons do not agree;

It is proposed (in respect of the Liberty given of explaining that Matter) that the Words may stand in this Manner:

" By Prosecutions in the Court of King's Bench for Matters and Causes cognizable only in Parliament: And by divers other arbitrary and illegal Courses."

As to the Matter of the dispensing Power, that the Commons do not agree;

1. Because the Amendments import no more than what is expressed in the preceding Words, That the late King did endeavour to subvert the Laws, by assuming and exercising a Power of Dispensing; so that, to add the Words of the Amendment, " that the dispensing Power exercised by him, was such as would subject the Laws to his WilL and Pleasure," seems but a Repetition of what the Commons had affirmed before.

2. The Truth of the Proposition, as laid down by the Commons, cannot be denied; it being evident, that the late King did grant to many Persons, Dispensations of almost all the Laws made for securing our Religion.

3. The Commons apprehend that the admitting your Lordships Amendment in this Place, may administer an Occasion of misinterpreting the subsequent declaratory Cause, to which this has Reference.

As touching the Informations in the King’s,

By leaving out from the Word " by," in the 26 L. to the End of the First Page, the Commons do not agree;

1. Because they think it a very high Grievance, and a Matter of the greatest Consequence to your Lordships and themselves, that Matters and Causes cognizable only in Parliament, Should be drawn into Examination in inferior Courts.

2. They think it necessary that the general M olds which concludes that Page, Should remain; because there were other Things manifestly tending to the extirpating and subverting their Religion, Laws, and Liberties, which w ere put in Practice in the Reign of the late King, and are too many to be particularly enumerated at this time.

The Commons do not agree to the Amendments in the 10, 20, and 21 Lines of the 3d Page;

Because they conceive it is to affirm the dispensing Power exercised in the former Reign, if it be no otherwise declared illegal, than as it was extended in the Reign of the late King.

The Commons do not agree to the Amendment in the 3d L. in the ,5th Page, to leave out " as being the only Means for obtaining a full Redress and Remedy therein

1. Because they think for your Lordships and them to make a Demand of the Rights in this Manner after such manifest Invasions, is the proper Way to have Remedy and Redress.

2. This Opinion of theirs is confirmed by That of the Prince of Orange in his Declaration; the Words of which they have followed.

The Commons do not agree to the Amendment in the 12th Line of the 5th Page, to insert " Rights " instead of "Laws;"

Because they take it, that tine Amendment was made only to introduce the Second Amendment in the same Line:

To which Second Amendment they cannot agree;

1. For the same Reason which was given by your Lordships for it at the last Conference, " That it was lit for them to insist generally upon all other their Rights:" r Which they take to be fully done, if your Lordships Amendment be omitted.

2. They apprehend that the Words of the Amendment would admit of such a Construction, as to allow, or, at least, to countenance, all the undue Proceedings and Attempts upon their Rights and Liberties in the former Reign, if the Demand Should be restrained to the Time of the Accession of King James the Second to the Throne.

The Question being put, That this House do agree to the Amendments proposed by the Lords in the introductory Part, in leaving ojut the Words " dispensing and, " and in adding " and by such Dispensing with Law s, as, , by consequence, would subject all the Law s to his Will and Pleasure;"

It passed in the Negative.

The said Amendments being again severally read;

Resolved,

A. 1688, 120 Februarii. 27

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that they do agree in the Amendments proposed by the Lords in the assertory Part, in leaving out the Words " dispensing and, " and the Word " of," and that, instead of the Amendment proposed by the Lords in adding these Words, " and the Power of dispensing with Laws, as it was exercised and extended in the Reign of the late King James the Second," be added in this distinct Proposition.

" That the pretended Power of dispensing with Laws, or the Execution of Laws, by Regal Authority, as it has been assumed and exercised of late, is illegal."

The Question being put, That this House do agree to the Amendment proposed by the Lords in the said Amendment, in leaving out from the Word " by" to the End of the first Page;

It passed in the Negative:

Rut, in respect of the Liberty given by the Lords in explaining that Matter;

Resolved, That the Words do stand in this Manner;

" By Prosecutions in the Court of King's Bench for Matters and Causes cognizable only in Parliament: And by divers other arbitrary and illegal Courses."

The Reasons being again severally read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords.

Conference Resolved, That the Lord do go up to the Lords,

with Lords. and desire a Conference with their Lordships upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

The Lord Eland acquaints the House, That, according to their Order, he had attended the Lords, to desire a Conference; and that their Lordships agreed to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the same Persons who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That Sir William Williams be added to the Managers of this Conference.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee who are to manage the Conference, to propose to the . Lords, that the Declaration, when agreed unto, may be ingrossed in Parchment, to remain among the Records in Parliament; and also to be inrolled in the Court of Chancery, to remain to Perpetuity.

Mr. Sommei's reports, That the Persons appointed to manage the Conference, had attended the Lords; and offered the Amendments, and Reasons, and Proposition, of this House, as they were directed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Methxvyn and Doctor Edisbury;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint you, that their Lordships do desire, that this House will please to continue sitting.

And the Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, That this House will continue sitting, as the Lords desire.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Doctor Edisbury;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, that their Lordships do desire a present free Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

And the Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, That this House do agree to a present free Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the Persons who managed the former Conference, do manage this Conference.

Sir Wm. JViUiams reported, That the Persons appointed to manage the Conference with the Lords had attended their Lordships: And that the Lord Falcmberg managed the Conferenco; and said, That they did agree with this House in the main; but that they did insist to make the Amendments proposed by this House, to be Amendments of their own, by way of Addition unto them: And, in - Vol. X.

case this House agreed thereto, that their Lordships proposed to this House, an Order, that the Declaration, when agreed to, Should be ingrossed in Parchment, inrolled among the Rolls of Parliament, and recorded in Chancery.

Which Amendments and Order he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same being read, are as followeth:

That the Lords insist upon their Amendment in the 26 Line of the first Page to the End.

And propose, instead thereof, this Clause following:

" By Prosecutions in the Court of King's Bench, for Matters and Causes cognizable only in Parliament: And by divers other arbitrary and illegal Courses."

3. P. L. 19. They insist upon their Amendment "dispensing and :" And add the following Paragraph;

" That the pretended Power of dispensing with Laws and the Execution of Laws, by Regal Authority, as it has been exercised and assumed of late, is illegal."

" And it is ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and That when this De-

claration shall be agreed on, it shall be ingrossed in Parchment, inrolled in the Rolls of Parliament, and recorded in Chancery."

The Amendments being severally read, the same were, upon the Question, severally put, agreed to by the House.

The said Order being again read;

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with the Word " Commons."

The said Order so filled up, being again read, was, upon the Question put, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Falkland do carry up to the Lords, the Amendments of the said Declaration proposed by the Lords, and agreed unto by this House; and also the said Amendment made by this House to the said Order; and desire their Lordships Concurrence thereto.

The Lord Falkland acquaints the House, That he had, according to their Order, attended the Lords, as he was directed; and their Lordships had agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the said Order.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Methxvyn and Message Doctor Edisbury; trom ljirdi

Air. Speaker, We arc commanded by the Lords to a,c-quaint this House, that the Lords do desire this House ° to continue sitting.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, That this House will continue sitting, as the Lords desire.

The Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Air. Metkwyn and Lords desire Doctor Edisbury; a Conference.

Air. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, that their Lordships desire a present Conference with the House, in the Painted Chamber; about a Proclamation, to proclaim the Prince and Princess of Orange King and Queen; which their lordships have prej>ared, and desire to communicate to this House.

The AIessen<rers withdrew.

O

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

The Alessengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the same Persons who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Air. Hamden reports, That the Persons appointed to manage the Conference, had attended the Lords: That the Earl of Kingston managed the Conference with the Commons; and said, That the Lords had sent this House a Proclamation, for proclaiming the Prince and Princess of Orange King and Queen of this Realm: And that he had Order to acquaint this House, That the Lords had sent to the Prince and Princess of Orange, to know w hen they would be pleased to be attended with the Declaration agreed to by both Houses; and to desire this House to sit till they had an Answer from their Highnesses: — And

read '

-by

8 12* Februarii. A. 1688.

read the- same in his Place, and afterwards deliverd the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, is as followeth:

A Proclamation.

Proclama- WHEREAS it hath pleased Almighty God, in his tien for pro. great Mercy to this Kingdom, to vouchsafe us a miracu-Princ^ajid ^ous Deliverance from Popery and arbitrary Power: And Princess of our Preservation is due, next under God, to the Re-

Orange King solution and Conduct of his Highness the Prince of Orange, and Quean, whom God hath chosen to be the glorious Instrument of such an inestimable Happiness to us and our Posterity: And, being highly sensible! and fully persuaded, of the great and eminent Virtue of her Highness the Princess of Orange, whose Zeal for the Protestant Religion will, no Doubt, bring a Blessing along with her upon this Nation: And whereas the Lords and Commons, now assembled at Westminster, have made a Declaration, and presented the same to the said Prince and Princess of Orange; and therein desired them to accept the Crown: Who have accepted the same accordingly: We, therefore, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and,

together with the Lord Mayor and Citizens of London, and others the Commons of this Realm, do, with a full Consent, publish and proclaim, according to the said Declaration, William and Mary, Prince and Princess of Orange, to be King and Queen of England, France, and Ireland, with all the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging: Who are accordingly, so to be owned, deemed, accepted, and taken, by all the People of the aforesaid Realms and Dominions; who are, from henceforward, bound to acknowledge and pay unto them all Faith and true Allegiance: Beseeching God, by whom Kings reign, to bless King William and Queen Mary, with long and happy Years to reign over us.

God save King William and Queen

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with the Word " Commons."

The Proclamation so amended, being again read, was, upon the Question put, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Colchester do carry to the Lords the Proclamation so amended; and desire their Concurrence to the said Amendment

The Lord Colchester acquaints the House, That he had, according to their Order, attended the Lords, with the Lords Proclamation, amended by this House; and that the Lords desire this House to sit, until the Messenger sent by-the Lords to the Prince and Princess comes back.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meihwyn and Doctor Edisbury;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That they have agreed to the Amendment proposed by this House to be made to the Proclamation: And that the Prince and Princess of Orange have appointed to be attended by both Houses Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock in the Banqueting House at Whitehall: And that their Lordships do intend to meet before that Time, in their House; and that they desire, that this House will then meet also, to go along with their Lordships, to the Prince and Princess.

And the Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet Tomorrow Morning, to go along with the Lords to the Prince and Princess, as the Lords do desire.

The Messengers being called in again; Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Two Door-keepers of this House do attend at the Door of the Banqueting House Tomorrow Morning; and take care that none but Members be permitted to go in.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Die Martis, 12* 1688-9-

The Declaration of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, assembled at Westminster.

WHEREAS the late King James the Second, by the Assistance of divers evil Counsellors, Judges, and Ministers, employed by him, did endeavour to subvert and extirpate the Protestant Religion, and the Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom.

By assuming and exercising a Power and dispensing with and suspending of Laws, and the Execution of Law s, without Consent of Parliament; r

By committing and prosecuting divers worthy Prelates, for humbly petitioning to be excused from concurring to the said assumed Power;

By issuing and causing to be executed a Commission, under the Great Seal, for erecting a Court, called, The Court of Commissioners for Ecclesiastical Causes;

By levying Money for and to the Use of the Crown, by Pretence of Prerogative, for other Time, and in other Manner, than the same was granted by Parliament;

By raising and keeping a Standing Army within this Kingdom in Time of Peace, without Consent of Parliament; and quartering Soldiers contrary to Law;

By causing several good Subjects, being Protestants, to be disarmed, at the same time when Papists were both armed and employed contrary to Law;

By violating the Freedom of Election of Members to serve in Parliament;

By Prosecutions- in the Court of King’s Bench, for Matters and Causes cognizable only in Parliament: And by divers other arbitrary and illegal Courses:

And whereas, of late Years, partial, corrupt, and un-. qualified, Persons have been returned, and served on Juries in Trials, and, particularly, divers Jurors in Trials for High Treason, which were not Freeholders;

And excessive Bail hath been required of Persons committed in criminal Cases, to elude the Benefit of the Laws made for the Liberty of the Subjects;

And excessive Fines have been imposed;

And illegal and cruel Punishments inflicted;

And several Grants and Promises made of Fines and Forfeitures, before any Conviction or Judgment against the Persons upon whom the same were to be levied:

All which are utterly and directly contrary to the known Laws, and Statutes, and Freedom, of this Realm:

And whereas the said late King James the Second having abdicated the Government; and the Thron« being thereby vacant;

His Highness the Prince of Orange whom it hath pleased Almighty God to make the glorious Instrument of delivering this Kingdom from Popery and arbitrary’ Power, did, by the Advice of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and divers principal Persons of the Commons, cause Letters to be w’ritten to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, being Protestants; and other Letters, to the several Counties, Cities, Universities, Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, for the Chusing of such Persons to represent them as were of right to be sent to Parliament, to meet and sit at Westminster upon the 22th Day of January, in; this Year 168 8, in Order to such an Establishment, as that their Religion, Laws, and Liberties, might not again be in Danger of being subverted:

Upon which Letters, Elections having been accordingly made;

And thereupon, the said Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, pursuant to their respective Letters, and Elections, being now assembled in a full and free Representative of this Nation, taking into their most serious Consideration the best Means for attaining the Ends aforesaid, do, in the First Place, (as their Ancestors, in like Case, have usually done) for the Vindication and Asserting their ancient Rights and Liberties, declare,

That the pretended Power of suspending of Laws by Regal Authority, ‘ without Consent of Parliament, is illegal:

That

Declaration of Right*, and declaring Prince and Princess of Orange King and Queen.

Pfchration cV i’iglits mui declaring Prince and 1 rince^s of Orange King

sin cl t^uetu.

A. 1688.

i 2° — i 3

o

Februarii»

29

That the pretended Power of dispensing with Laws* or the Execution of Laws, by Regal Authority, as it hath been assumed and exercised of late, is illegal:

That the Commission for erecting the late Court of Commissioners for Ecclesiastical Causes, and all other Commissions and Courts of like Nature, are illegal and pernicious:

That levying of Money for or to the Use of the Crown, by Pretence of Prerogative, without Grant of Parliament, for longer Time, or in other Manner, than the same is or shall be granted, is illegal:

That it is the Right of the Subjects to petition the King; and all Commitments and Prosecutions for such Petitioning, are illegal:

That the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the Kingdom in Time of Peace, unless it be with Consent of Parliament, is against Law:

That the Subjects, which are Protestants, may have Arms for their Defence, suitable to their Conditions, as allowed by Law:

That Election of Members Of Parliament ought to be free:

That the Freedom and Debates or Proceedings in Parliament ought not to be impeached or questioned in any Court or Place out of Parliament:

That excessive Bail ought not to be required; nor excessive Fines imposed; nor cruel and unusual Punishments inflicted:

That Jurors ought to be impanelled and returned; and Jurors, which pass upon Men in Trials for High Treason, ought to be Freeholders:

That all Grants and Promises of Fines and Forfeitures of particular Persons, before Conviction, are illegal and void:

And that, for Redress of all Grievances, and for the Amending, Strengthening, and Preserving of the Laws, Parliaments ought to be held frequently.

And they do claim, demand, and insist upon, all and singular the Premises,-as their undoubted Rights and Liberties; and that no Declarations, Judgments, Doings, or Proceedings, to the Prejudice of the People, in any of the said Premises, ought, in anywise, to be drawn hereafter into Consequence, or Example.

To w’hich Demand of their Rights they are particularly encouraged by the Declaration of his Highness the Prince of Orange; as being the only Means for obtaining a full Redress and Remedy therein.

Having the refore an entire Confidence, that his said Highness the Prince of Orange will perfect a Deliverance so far advanced by him; and will still preserve them froni the Violation of their Rights, which they have here asserted; and from all other Attempts upon their Religion, Rights, and Liberties;

The said Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, assembled at Westminster, do Resolve,

That William and Mary, Prince and Princess,

be, and be declared, King and Queen of England, France, and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging; to hold the Crown and Royal Dignity of the said Kingdoms and Dominions to them the said Prince and Princess, during their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them: And that the sole and full Exercise of the Regal Power be only in, and executed by, the said Prince of Orange, in the Names of the said Prince and Princess, during their joint Lives; and, after their Deceases, the said Crown and Royal Dignity of the said Kingdoms and Dominions to be to the Heirs of the Body of the said Princess: And, for Default of such Issue, to the Princess of Denmark, and the Heirs of'her Body: And, for Default of such Issue, to the Heirs of the Body of the said Prince of Orange.

And the said Lords Spiritual, and Temporal, and Commons, do pray the said Prince and Princess of Orange to accept the same accordingly.

And that the Oaths, hereafter mentioned, be taken by all Persons of whom the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy might be required by Law, instead of them; and that the said Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy be abrogated.

Vol. X.

I, A. B. do sincerely promise and swear, that I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance, to their Majesties King WiIlium and Queen Mary. So help me God.

I, A. B. do swear, that I do from my Heart abhor, detest, and abjure, as impious and heretical, this Damnable Doctrine and Position, That Princes excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, or any Authority of the See of Rome, may be deposed or murdered by their Subjects, or any other whatsoever. And I do declare, that no Foreign Prince, Person, Prelate, State, or Potentate, hath, or ought to have, any Jurisdiction, Pow er, Superiority, Preheminence, or Authority, Ecclesiastical or Spiritual, within this Realm. So help me God.

Mcrcurii, 13° die Februarii1688.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

About Ten of the Clock Mr. Speaker, attended with The Lords the Mace, and the House of Commons following him in and Cuni-a Body, went in their Coaches to Whitehall: Where the "}l>ns atte"<* Right honourable the Marquis of Speaker of

the House of Lords, with the House of Lords, being the DecU-placed on the Right Side of the Door, within the Ban- ration, queting House; and the Right Honourable Esquire, Speaker of the House of Commons, with the Commons on the Left Side of the Door of the said Banqueting House, waited the coming of the Prince and Princess of Orange:Who, immediately after, entering

in at the upper End of the Banqueting House, came and stood upon the Step under the Canopy of State: WThere being placed; the Speakers of both Houses, together with the Lords and Commons that accompanied them, were brought up by the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod making three Obeisances, One at the lower End of the Room, One in the Middle, and One at the Step where their Highnesses stood. And then the Speaker of the House of Lords acquainted their Highnesses, That both Houses had agreed upon a Declaration to be presented to their Highnesses; which he desired might be read:

Which being granted by their Highnesses; the Clerk of

the House of Lords, by Order of that House, read the

Declaration to their Highnesses: Which being ended, his

Highness made a Short Speech, in the Name of Himself,

and of the Princess his Consort: w herein he declared

their Acceptance of the Crown. Upon which, the Lords Ceremony o{

and Commons, there present, about Eleven of the Clock proclaiming

in the Forenoon, came down to Wh Gate; where the Prince

the Officers of Arms, and other Persons, usually concerned in Solemnities of that Nature, being ready, Garter Kinglntf

Principal King of Arms, having received a Proclamation Queen.

for proclaiming the Prince and Princess of Orange King

and Queen, read the same in the Presence of the said

Lords and Commons, and Multitudes of the People there

assembled. From whence they proceeded in this Manner:

First, the High Baililf of I Vest minster, with his Men:

Next the Knight Marshal, and his Men: Then a Class of Trumpets, followed by the Serjeant Trumpeter: Then ai? Officer of Anns, singly, followed by Six other; each accompanied by a Serjeant at Arms: Then Garter King of Arms, with the Proclamation, accompanied by the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Then the Lord Marquis of Hallifax, attended by the eldest Serjeant at Arms and Mace, in his Lordship’s Coach: Then Mr.

Speaker of the House of Commons, attended by another Serjeant at Arms and Mace, in his Coach: Then the Duke of Norfolke, Earl Marshal of England, in his Coach; and

other of the Nobility in their Coaches: Then the Members of the House of Commons in their Coaches. And, in this Order, came to Temple Bar; where the Gates being shut, Two of the Officers of Arms, attended by a Serjeant at Arms, and Two Trumpets, knocked thereat: And the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, coming to the Gate,

11 and

t

3°

11° — -i 4° — 150 — -18° Feb. A. 1688.

Leave oc Absence

«md inquiring of the Occasion; and being informed thereof, ordered the Gates to be opened: And the whole Proceeding entered, except the Bailiff of And his Men, who returned back again from thence: And, the Lord Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the City of London, with the Sheriffs, receiving them in their Formalities; a second Proclamation was made, in like Manner as before, between the Two Temple Gates: From whence the Lord Mayor, being indisposed in his Health, going in his Coach; and the Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Recorder, riding on Horseback before the Lords and Commons; they proceeded to the Middle of and there made a Third Proclamation; and from thence to the Royal Exchange, where a Fourth Proclamation was made in like Manner; a Lane being made all the Way between Temple Bar and the Exchange, by several. Companies of the Train Bands of the City.

Jovis, 14* die Februarii;

Anno PrimoWillielmi Marite, Regis

Action; Domini 168S.

Prayers.

f\ RD ERED, That Leave be given to Mr. Henry

Bertye to go into the Country.

MR. Speaker reports, that what his Majesty was

Mr, Speaker Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had (to CopyotTIis prevent any Mistake) desired in Writing what was said Muiesty’s Yesterday by his Majesty, after the presenting to Him Answer. and the Queen the Declaration of both Houses; and that he Should have it by Tomorrow Morning, and would then report it to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 15’ die Februarii;

Anno Willielmi (§’ Mari®, Regis § Reginee, i°. Prayers.

His Majes-

<m rerefving pleased to speak on last to both

the Dcclit- Houses, when they had presented to Him and the Queen ration. their Declaration in the Banqueting House, was to the Elfcct, and, as near as he could collect, in the \V ords following:

THIS is certainly the greatest Proof of the Trust you have in Us that can be given; which is the Thing that maketh Us value it the more, and we thankfully accept what you have offered to Us.

And, as I had no other Intention in coming hither, than to preserve your Religion, Laws, and Liberties, so you may be sure, that I shall endeavour to support them; and shall be willing to concur in any thing that shall be for the Good of the Kingdom; and to do ell that is in My. Power to advance the Welfare and Glory of the Nation.

And that ^hereupon the Lords and Commons went immediately to proclaim the King and Queen.

'Hiaiikf Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this Hous^Jje

' ' returned to the King and Queen, by such Members of

this House as ate of the Privy Council, for their Majesties gracious Answer, on Wednesday, to both Houses, upon presenting the Declaration to their Majesties by both Houses.

Leave of . Ordered, That Sir John Doyley and Sir Wm. Morley Alienee. have Leave to go into the Country for their Healths.

Adjourn*

snent.

Mr. Hamden, One of his Majesty's Privy Council, acquaints the House from his Majesty, That it was his Majesty’s Desire, that this House would adjourn until Monday next.

Resolved, That this House will adjourn until Monday next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Luna, 18* die Februarii; i° Willielmi $ Mari®, Anno Domini 1688-9.

Pr.ayers.

MR. Hamden acquaints the House, That, according Answer t» to their Order, his Majesty, having been attended Addres*. by such Members of the House as are of the Privy Council, with the Thanks of the House for their Majesty’s gracious Answer, upon presenting the Declaration of both Houses in the Banqueting House, His Majesty w as pleased to say, " That lie was very glad that what he had done had given Satisfaction to the House; and did assure them, that lie Should be always ready to do Utliat was for the good of the Kingdom."

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Tho. Massac*? it»

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; attend U«

Mr. Speaker, . ' K,i*

The King commands this honourable House to attend him immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly. Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, that his Majesty tv Kings was pleased to speak to the Purpose following: Speech

reported.

My Lords and Gentlemon,

I HAVE lately told you how sensible I am of your Kindness, and bow much I value the confidence you have reposed in me.

And I am come hither to assure you, That I gliall never do any thing that may justly lessen your good Opinion of Me.

I think it necessary to acquaint you, That the Condition of our Allies abroad, and particularly that of land, is such, that, unless some speedy Care be taken of them, they will run a greater Hazard than you would have them exposed to.

You yourselves must be sensible, That the Posture of Affairs here require your serious Consideration; and that a good Settlement at Home is necessary, not only for our own Peace, but for the Support of the Protestant Interest both Here and Abroad;

And, particularly, the State of Ireland is such, That the Dangers are grown too great to be obviated by any slow Methods.

I must leave it to you to consider of the most effectual Ways of preventing the Inconveniencies which may arise by Delays; and to j udge w hat Forms may be most proper to bring those things to pass, for the Good of the Nation, which 1 am confident are iu all your Minds; and which I, on My Part, shall always be ready to promote.

Resolved, Nemme contradiccnlc, That the humble Thanks for Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, by Speech, such Members thereof, as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, for his gracious Speech this Day made to both Houses.

Resolved, That this House will Tomorrow Morning, King’s at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of ^eec,’' to be the whole House, to take into Consideration his Ma- coni,! frtd’ jesty’s gracious Speech tin’s Day made to both Houses.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Cook of Korfolhe, have Leave Leave of to go into the Country, for his Health. Absence.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

.1 W. # M.

19 — 10 — 21'

Februarii.

31

The King’s Speech cor»-fokred.

Martis, 19* i° Willielmi $ Maria?, Anno Domini 1688-g. Prayers.

T il E House, according to their Order of Yesterday, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration his Majesty's gracious Speech Yesterday made to both Houses.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chais.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Atkyns and Sir Wm.Dolben; ,

Preventing Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, wrm'n^Ui'is" An Act for removing and preventing all Ques-

IWUunient! tiens and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, Neminecontradicentc, That the Bill be read

a Second time Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii,20* die Februarii; i# Willielmi $ Mariae, Regis Regime, Annoq; 1688.

Prayers.

.Answer to Tl*mks.

The King’s Spetrh cunii dried.

SIR Hen. Capell acquaints the House, That he and the other Members of this House, that are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, having waited upon his Majesty with the Thanks of this House, according to the Order of Monday last, his Majesty was thereupon pleased to declare to this Effect:

" That he was very glad whenever he said any thing, that it was to the Satisfaction of this House; that he-Would endeavour to do so always: And did desire, that this House would hasten those things which he had mentioned in his Speech."

Resolved, That this House do now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration his Majesty’s Speech.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. 'Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That, they having taken into Consideration his Majesty’s Speech, they had agreed upoq a Resolve to be reported to this House: Which he read in his Place;

and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows: The Cor.ven- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tien declared that the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, Varhument now sitting at Westminster, cure the Two Houses of Par-' , liament.

The said Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, now sitting at Westminster, fire the Two Houses of Parliament.

Preventing IMiputes concerning this Parliament*

The ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hamden, Sir Tho.Lee, Sir Rich.Temple, Mr. Sacficvercll, Sir

Fake. Scymor, Sir Wm.Williams, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Paul

Foley, Lord Colchester, Edzc. Harley, Sir John Guise, Mr. Herbert, Sir Geo. Treby, Mr. Comptroller. Sir Vol. X.

Drake, Mr. Jepson, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Somers, Mr. Buscmven, Major Wildman, Mr. Papilion, Mr. Wharton, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Foley, Mr. John Hamden, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Medlecott, Sir Christopher Musgrerve, Mr. Wogan, Sir Jos.Tredenh#m, Major Man-ley, Sir John Holt, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Hen.

Pollexfen> Mr. Garxcay, Lord Falkland, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Rob. Napper, Mr. Windham, and all the Members of the Long Robe; or any Five of them: And that it be an Instruction to the Committee, to consider of such other Statutes as injoin the Members of either House to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, that the same, or such Parts thereof as are necessary to be repealed, may be repealed also: And they are to meet at Five of the Clock this Afternoon in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 21* die Februarii; l° Willielmi <§ M arise, Annoque 1688.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir Edmund Warnford have Leave of Leave to go into the Country. Absence.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Return, and the Old Sarum Merits of the Election of Burgesses to serve in this pre- Lleftiou. sent Parliament, for the Borough of Old Sarum in the County of Wilts, be heard at the Bar of this House, on Monday Fortnight.

Colonel Alirch re*ports from the Committee of Elec- Wallingford tiens and Privileges, to whom the Matter of the Double'Eletiiou. Returns of Members to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Wallingford in the County of Berks,

That the Committee having taken the same into their Consideration, the State of the Case appeared to be;

That there were Three Persons who stood Candidates;» viz. Thomas Tipping, Esquire, William Jennens, Esquire, and John Dormer, Esquire.

‘ That the Mayor made a Double Return, viz. of Mr.

Tipping and Mr. Jennens in One Certificate; and Mr.

Tipping and Mr. Dormer in the other Certificate.

That it appeared, that, of the Poll, Mr. Jennens had 94 Voices; and Mr. Dormer 87: All which were charged in the Books to Church and Poor.

That Mr. Dormers Counsel alledged, that he had 37 more good Voices; which the Mayor refused to admit to the Poll: But these 37 were such as did not receive Alms, nor pay to the Church and Poor.

That it was proved, by several Witnesses, that the Right of Election was in those that pay Scotland Lot to the Church and Poor; and no Instance could be produced to the contrary, except once in the Year 1659, and . then it was by the Consent of the Candidates.

That it was proved, that the Mayor and the rest of the Corporation met on Monday, the Day before the Election; and all the Three Candidates were present at the same time, when the Usage was declared, that none but such as paid Scotland Lot, viz. such as paid to Church and Jpoor, had Right of Election; and thereupon, an Order was made by the Corporation, that those only Should be admitted, who are charged to the Church and Poor:.

And that all the Three Candidates were satisfied therewith; and did then agree thereto.

That it w as also proved to the Committee, That, at the Time of the Election, several Soldiers did return back to the Town, although they were before ordered to march out, to prevent all Disturbances in the Election; which Soldiers, as proved by divers Witnesses, did make great Menaces to the Mayor, in case he did not return Mr.

Dormer, some of them threatening to cut off his Ears, and born down his House, in case Mr. Dormer Should lose the Election: And under this Terror, the Mayor way induced to make 0 Double Return.

That,

5 4 21° — 32® FeA. 1688.

Derby

Writ.

A Donative to be be-' flowed on Troops which came with the King.

Leave of Absence.

Graham and

Burton's

Accounts.

Secret Service Money in Car. 2. and Jac4 2. Reigns.

That, Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to Two Resolves; which they directed to be reported to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being again read, are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Wallingford in the County of Berks, is in the Inhabitants of the said Borough paying Scotland Lot to the Church and Poor, and in no others.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that William Jcnnens, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess

to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Wallingford.

The first of the said Resolves being read a Second time; Resolved, That this f louse doth agree with the Committee, that the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Wallingford in the County of Berks, is in the Inhabitants of the said Borough paying Scotland Lot to the Church and Poor, and in no other.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Win. Jennens, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Wallingford.

The Clerk of the Crown being called in, amended the said Return, by taking off, from his Highness the Prince of Orange his Letter, the Certificate, whereby Mr. Dormer was returned a Burgess for the said Borough.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, directed to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of Derby, in the room of Sir John Gcll, deceased.

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly desired by this House, that he would be pleased to bestow a Donative upon those Forces which came over into this Kingdom with him, and are now returning into foreign Service.

Ordered, That the Lord Wiltshire and Sir Rowland Gwyn do wait upon his Majesty with such the Desires of this House.

Ordered, That # Blowfield, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard do bring in a particular Account of all such Sums of Money as have been paid out of the Exchequer to Mr. Graham and Mr. Burton for Prosecution of Law Suits; and also, of the particular Times of Payment of the same.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard do bring in an Account of all the Monies paid out of the Exchequer, for secret Service, in the Reigns of King Charles the Second, and King James the Second.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris,.22° die l* Willielmi ct Maria;.

Prayers.

Bailing and A PETITION of Sir James Smith, in Custody of the Escape of f\^ Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read. reut‘ Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine

the whole Matter of Fact touching the Bailing of Mr. Robert Brent, who was committed for High Treason; and particularly, to examine Sir James Smith touching the same.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Dalben, Mr. Colt, Sir John Moreton, Major Colonel Birch,

Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Grey, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Sumers, Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Manley, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr.

14

Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Love, Mr. Arnold, Sir lien. Capell, Sir Tho. Clarges, Lord Falkland, Sir John Guise, Colonel Tipping, and all the Members for the City of London; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and they are impoweredtosend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, from this House, by such Members thereof as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, to desire his Majesty to issue out a Proclamation, for a Reward to be given to such Persons as shall discover and apprehend Mr. Robert Brent; and that such as shall conceal him may be severely punished.

Sir Robert Howard acquaints the House, That lie hath, according to the Order of Yesterday, prepared an Account of all such Sums of Monc-y as have been paid out of the Exchequer to Mr. and Mr. Burton,

for Prosecution of Law-suits; and also, of the particular Times of Payment of the same: The which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth:

Monies paid at the Exchequer to Philip Burton, Gentleman, for Prosecuting and Defence of Law-suits, and other Affairs relating to his Majesty’s Service, viz.

1679. May the 31th July - - 22 th

Dec.

- 17th

1680. April - - 19 -May - - 11 -

- - 24 -

June - -

Nov. -. 1681. May -June -July -Dec. -Jan.

F-

March -1682. June the

7

17

25

17

18 -

9

29 -

19 9 -

6 -

7 -

20 -

4 -

1st

3

August 25 -

Sept.

Nov.

1683.

Dec.

Feb.

March May -June -

Oct. - Dec. -

Feb. - -March -1684. April - -June - -July - -

Dec. - -

- 14

- 20

- 24

- 7

- *9

- 26

29

- 11

- 8

15

16

19

13

20 -

6 -

3 -30 -27 -2 ->7 18 -

JO. s. d

- - 43 2 76 -80 17 119 2 64 — 206 13 7 h

- - 1 H 1 I

- . _ 4

- - { 16 17 33 <5 4s- S

- - - St 15 — '

- - 218 5 —

- - - 281 15 —

- - - 218 I, —

- - - 346 18 4

- - - 173 n 4

- - - 204 13 9 2

- - - 150 — —

- - - 200 — —

r 32 11 U

167 8

- - 135 — —

- - - 121 12 S

- - - 250 — —

- - - 300 — —

- - - 316 16 6

s 50 —

I 232 11 li

" 29' *5 600 — 7

- - - . 208 4 5

l0‘

9

— - - 22 -

18 6

3 00 700 100 1,608

475 300 500 200 300 L59 475 100

139 91

600-----

500-----

150 — —

75o-----

43 5 3 820 12 1 .}

500-----

Dec.

16

18

a

Graham's and hui\t«aV

AccouiUii.

i W. & M.

2-j° Felmtarii.

1684. Dec. - - 31 -

Jan.- - 27 -

.1685. Aforj/ - - 6 -.

June - - 3 -

— - - 13 -Aug. - - 3 -0c/. - 6 -

7- - »3 -Nov. - - 4 -

— - - 18 -Dec. - - 15 -

— - - 16 -

Jan. - - 13 -Feb. - - 10 - -

March - 10 - -686. April - - 23 -June 10 -Aug. - - 4

Oct.- - 27 -

Nov.- - 27 -'

Feb. - - 3 -

— - - 13 -March - 23 -

1687. June - - 25 -Aug. - - 4 -2)oc. - - 8 -- - 24 -

m - - 9 -

March - 16 -1G88. May - -4 -

— - - 36 -

— - - 30 -Ji/wc - - 26 -

Nov.- - 10 -

£* S. d.

— 50Q

1,100 — —

w 300 — —

- 7oo — —

- 500

- 500 — —

- 167 18 4

— w 1,300

"* *4 500

" T 500

- 500

— V. 600 — —

- 650 — —

*" 500

- 500 — —

- 200 — —

- 500

- 6,396 3 11

- 500

- 1,240 16 —

1,000

800

- 669 6 4

- 202 — 2

1,200

# 40

- 460

- 1,000

- 1,000

- 416 2 10

\* 1,000

- 500

- 500

- ’ ' 1,638 7 4

" 500 — —

42,616 g 6

Monies paid at the Exchequer to RicA. Grahams and Philip Burton, for Prosecuting and Defence of Law-

suits; and other Affairs relating to his Majesty’s Service, viz.

j6S6. Feb. - - 28 - 500 — —

687. May - - 11 - 1,000

Nov. - - »7 - - - 1,000 — —

- - - 23 - - 500

Dec. - - 8 - 54o

1688. Aug. - - 22 - 1,000 —

Nov. - - 29 - - - i 131 4 ff

£ 4,671 4 6

More paid them the 5th of 1

ary 1686, in Reward for Prosecuting f 600

Colonel Whitley, and the Lord Os- C

sulsicji - - - -'

Total to Burton - 42,616 9 6

Total to Graham, and Burton - ' 4,67* 4 , 6

47,287 *4 —

Reward - 600 — — r

In all - - 47,887 14 —

Mr. Auditor Done, a Member of this House, acquainting the House, tlmt be bad in his Custody the particular Accompts of Mr. Graham and Mr. Burton, relating to the said Monies; and that be was ve uly to produce the same, for the Service of the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Matter of Fact touching the Bailing of Mr. Rob. Brent, is referred, be impowered to inspect and examine the Accouupta remaining in the Hands of Mr. Auditor Bone, of all such Sums of Money as have been paid out of the Exchequer to Mr. Graham and Mr. Burton, or eitlicr of them, for

Vo t. X.

Prosecution of Law-suits; and to make Report thereof, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, in relation to this Business: And that Mr. Auditor Done, Mr. Sackeverell, Colonel Whitl Sir Christopher Mus-

grave, Sir John Knight, Sir Geo. Mr. Richard

Jlfoore, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Gower, Sir Rob. Howard, Lord

Brandon, Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Tho. Foley, be added to the said Committee,

Sir Robert Howard likewise acquainted the House, that he had received a Letter from Mr. Burton in the Tower, desiring him to come to him; and that he conceived, it might be for the Service of the House that he Should go: But, however, he desired the Directions of the House therein.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard do immediately go and speak with Mr. Burton in the Tower.

The Lord Wiltshire acquaints the House, that he and Sir Rdw/and Gwyn had, according to the Order of this House of Yesterday, waited upon his Majesty with the Desires of this House, That he would be pleased to bestow a Donative upon those Forces which came over into this Kindom with him, and are now returning into foreign Service: And that his Majesty was pleased to say, "That he was very glad, that this House was so mindful of those

». o

Troops that came over with him; and that his Majesty will take cere to fulfil the Desire of this House."

A Bill for Re-continuing of Actions and Process, lately depending in the Courts of Westminster, and fw Curing of other Defects, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Foley reports from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, wad referred, That the Committee having taken the Matter thereof into Consideration, they had thought fit to make several Amendments: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were all read over; and afterwards again one by one; and were. upon, the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

There being a Blank left in the said Amendments for a Time to be put in;

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with these Words " First Day of March."

The Bill, with the said Amendments, was read aThird time.

A Proviso, in Paper, was offered, as an Amendment and Addition to the Bill: Which, upon the Question put for the Reading thereof, was read accordingly. Three times; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, after seme Amendments made thereunto^ the same was agreed unto.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments and Provsio, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the said Bill, with the said Amendments and Proviso, to the Lords, for their Concurrence with the said Amendments and Proviso.

The Question being put, That the House do adjourn; The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Telle*8 for ,he Yea4 Mr. AMert: }1

Tellers for the Noes,} <M-And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Aud then the House adjourned tilt Tomorrow* .....Nine a Clock.

Answer respecting Troops which came over with the King.

Reviving Proceedings at Law.

Preventing Disputes concerning this Parliament,

Adjourn-

ment.

Leave of Absence.,

Burton and

Graham’s

Accounts.

petersfeild

Election.

34 £ 3 — a 5 ° Februarii. A. 1688.

Sabbati, 23° d;

l* Willielmi el Maris.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir Catlyn, Mr. Holt,

and Mr. Sands, have Leave to go into the Country, for their Healths.

Sir Rob. Howard acquaints the House, that he had, according to their Order of Yesterday, been with Mr. Burton in the Tower: and that he found Mr. Burton and Mr. Graham were willing to discover something necessary for the Service of the House; and therefore he conceived it necessary to have some others joined with him to go to them: And that, if the House pleased, he would name Two such Persons, who, he conceived, would be acceptable to them in that Matter: And thereupon named Sir Robert Clayton, and Sir John Holt.

Resolved, That Sir Robert Clayton and Sir John Holt be added to Sir Robert Her, card to go to the Tower, to speak with Mr. Burton and Mr.; and that they

do go to them accordingly upon Tuesday Morning next.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to whom the Matter of the Double Return and Election for the Borough of in the County of Southampton, was referred, that, the Committee having taken the same into their Consideration, the State of the Case appeared to be,

That the Return was as follows:

Thomas Bilson, Esquire, and > Certificate

Richard Norton, One ^ert, ncate* '

Thomas Bilson, Esquire, and>. , r ;fi

Robert Mitchell, jin the other Certificate.

That the Counsel and Witnesses, on Mr. Mitchell's, Side, attended.

That it was proved, that Mr. Mitchell had Forty-eight Voices, being the very same Persons that polled for Mr. Bilson, the Sitting Member; and that Colonel Norton had but Thirty-six Votes.

That Colonel Norton, being returned likewise for Portsmouth, and being detained by Indisposition, sent his Excuse by a Member; who acquainted the Committee, that he had nothing to object, touching the Double Return.

Whereupon the Committee proceeded to examine Witnesses touching Robert Mitchell, Esquire, his Election; and find him to be chosen by the same Number of Persons.

There was a Petition, under Seven Hands, pretended to be from the Town; but, none attending thereupon, though this was the Second time appointed for Flearing, the Committee laid it aside.

And that thereupon the Committee came to a Resolve: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said State of the Case and Resolve, were read; the Resolve being as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that Robert Mitchell, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Petersfeild.

The said Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House do agree with the Committee, that Robert Mitchell, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Petersfeild.

The House being informed, that the Clerk of the Crown attended at the Door, to amend the said Return;

Resolved, That the Clerk of the Crown be called in.

The Clerk of the Crown came in accordingly; and amended the said Return, by taking off the Certificate by which the said 'Thomas Bilson, and Rich. Norton, were returned to serve for the said Borough.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Atkyns and Mr. Whitlock’,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That they have agreed to all the Amendments of this House, to the Bill, sent from their Lordships to this House, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes about the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that it was an ancient Order and Custom of the House, that, upon new Members coming into the House, they be introduced to the Table between Two Members, making their Obeisances as they go up, that they may be the better known to the House;

Resolved, That the said Order and Custom be, for the future, observed.

A Bill for Re-continuing of Actions and Process lately Reviving depending in the Courts of Westminster, and for curing 1>r(£*^lu, S* other Defects, was read a Second time. at w'

Resolved, That the same be committed unto Mr. Paid Foley, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Win.Williams, Major

man, Mr. Patten, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Wogan, Mr. Dalben,

Mr. Hen. Pollexfen, Sir John Holt, Mr. Buscowen, Mr.

Sumers, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Palmes, Sir Hen Cape/f,

Mr. Hamden, Mr. Reginalds, Mr. More, Sir Fran. Russel, Sir Jo. Cope, Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Windham, Mr.

Stockdale, Colonel Birch, Sir Christoph. Lord

Dmcne, Mr. Hmce, Sir H. Goodricke, and all the Members that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet in the Speaker’s Chamber, on Monday next at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, Royal Assent Gentleman Usher of the Black Roil; to a Hill.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him in the Flouse of Peers immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker and the House went up to the House of Peers: And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That his Majesty had given the Royal Assent to the Bill for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes, concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament.

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Marches taking away the Court holden before the President and Court i« Council of the Marches of Wales. " ul*'s-

Ajid then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Preventing

Disputes concerning this Parliament.

Introducing new Members.

Luiue, 25° die Februarii; l® Willielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do grant his War- Old Sarum rant, for summoning such Witnesses, as there shall lotion, be Occasion for, at the Hearing of the Cause, touching the Return and Election for the Borough of Old Sarum, at the Bar of this House, this Day Fortnight.

A Motion being made, that the House will take into The Kings Consideration his Majesty’s Speech; and appoint a Time Speech t» be for that Purpose; considered.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration his Majesty’s Speech.

A Bill for taking away the Court holden before the Marches President and Council of the Marches of Wales, was Court in read the First time. " ules'

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered,

Leave of Absence.

Oaths of Allcgiauce and >u-premacy.

Bepealing Act for governing Corporations.

Leave of Absence.

Members to take Oaths.

Coronation

Oath.

Motion

touching

Corporations*

Regulating

Llcctions.

IW. &M. 2$6 — i60 — 270 Februarii. 35

Ordered, That Mr. Baynton, and Mr. have

Leave to go into the Conntiy.

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking away the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy injoined by the Statute of 25° Car. II; and, instead thereof, to insert the Oaths mentioned in the Declaration presented to the King and Queen by both Houses.

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the Act of 130 Car.'II, for well governing and regulating Corporations.

Ordered, That Sir Duncomb Co have Leave to

go into the Country for his Health.

Resolved, That Saturday Morning next be appointed for the Members of this House to take the Oaths and Test.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Coronation Oath, and consider what Alterations or Amendments are lit to be made therein; and to report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Colt, Mr.

Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Stockda/e, Colonel Birch, Major Wildman, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Howe, Mr. Herbert, Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Hamden, Sir Capell, Mr.

"Sir Rich.Temple, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Hen.

Mr. Windham, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Seymour, Mr.

Pierpoint, Mr. Arnold, Sir WWilliams, Mr. Tipping, Mr. Manley, Sir Gilb.Clerke, Mr. Lord Falkland, Sir James Rushott, Mr. Bromley, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Buscowen, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Hen. Good-rick, Sir Trevor Williams, Serjeant Bigland, Mr. Cristy, Mr. England, and all the Members that are of the Long Robe, or any Five of them; and they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are to meet at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion being made, that a special Committee may be appointed to consider of the Violations of the Liberties and Franchises of all the Corporations of this Kingdom, and particularly of the City of London;

And the Question being put, that such a Committee be appointed;

The previous Question was put, whether that Question shall be now put:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { *£ } .

TcWorth j,4.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit upon Thursday next in the Afternoon; and do then take into Consideration the Matters of the Debate of the House this Day.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

' Mortis, 2 6* die Februarii;

l* Willielmi et Maria:.

Prayers.

A PETITION of divers Gentlemen and others, Freeholders of the County of complaining of

divers Irregularities and Abuses in several Elections of Hnights of the Shire for the County of Essex, being offered to the House;

And the House, being informed that several of the Petitioners were at the Door, to own the same;

Vox.. X.

Resolved, That the Petitioners be called in.

Accordingly they were brought to the Bar of the House by the Serjeant, with his Mace; and owned the said Petition.

The Petition was read.

And a Motion being made, that this House will take into their Consideration the Bringing in a Bill for regulating Elections for the future;

Resolved, That it be referred to Sir Fra. Russell,

Colonel Tipping, Colonel Mildmay, Sir Christoph. Musgrave, Mr. Love, Mr. Herbert, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr:

Ganvay, Mr. Hen. Polcxfen, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Holt, Mr. Dalben, Mr. Hamden, Sir Tho. Lee, Lord Digby,

Sir Edw. Harley, Major Wildman, Mr. Medlecott, Sir Treby, Mr. Somers, Mr. Guise, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Eyres,

Mr. IVogan, Mr. Baldzeyn, Mr. Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Paid Foley, Mr. Tho. Foley, to prepare a Bill for that Purpose:

And they are to meet at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And it is recommended to Sir Geo. Treby, to take Care of the Bill.

Sir Christopher Musgrave informing the House, that he Leave for

is, by Order from the Lords, summoned to be sworn at Member to the Bar of the House of Lords; and that their Lord- attend Lords, ships do desire, that this House will give him Leave so to be; and desiring to have the Directions of the House therein;

Resolved, That Sir Christopher Musgrave have Leave to go and be sworn accordingly.

Then the Order of Yesterday, That this House The King’s would this Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself Speech into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Con- considered, sideration his Majesty’s Speech, was read.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, that there were in the Gal- Gallery to be lery, while the Committee of the whole House was sitting, kept clear, several Persons that were not Alembers of the House;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed to be in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any,

Committee of the whole House, is sitting.

A Alotion being made, for the Settling of a Revenue Revenue of upon the King and Queen; ' the Crown.-

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take the same into Consideration.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii,27° die Februarii;

1* Willielmi et Alaria?.

Prayers.

PETITION of divers Patent Officers of the Court Marches holden before the President arid Council of the Court hi Alarchcs of Wulcs, was read. Wales.

Resolved, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered when the Bill for taking away the said Court is read a Second time.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Elections ounwfch and Privileges, to whom the Alatter of the Double Election. Return and Elections of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Du in the County of Suffolk, was referred, that, the Committee having taken the same into their Consideration, the State of the Case appeared to be,

That the Bailiffs returned, under the Common Seal,

That Roger North, Esquire, arid Sir Tho. Allen, were

elected

3$ $7° — ^8° Februarii. A. 1688.

Ittmwich

Election.

elected by the Majority t>f free Burgesses inhabiting within the Borough, according to the most ancient Usage of the said Borough; and that, at the same time, they were elected by a less Number of the Burgesses resident within the Borough,' and by the major Part of the Freemen of the Corporation who live out of the Borough, Two other Persons; viz. Sir Philip , who is a Freeman of the said Corporation; and Sir Robert Rich, who is no Freeman.

That, of the Free Burgesses, inhabiting within the Borough, Sir Thomas Allen had 26; and Mr. North 28.

That, of the Freemen, ag well inhabiting within the Borough, as those commonly called Out-sitters, Sir Philip Skippon had 183; Sir Robert Rich 141.

That the Proofs on both Sides were as followeth;

That there were Two Records produced on the Behalf of Sir Tho. Allen, and Mr. North; the one, 7® Edvar IV. the other, 12® Edvard' 1V": whereby the Burgesses to serve in Parliament were returned to be chosen by the Burgesses inhabiting within the Borough.

To which it was answered, That this was about the time that the Act of Parliament passed requiring all Persons, elected to serve in Parliament, to be resident within the Boroughs.

That, on the other hand, many Records were produced in the Reigns of Hen. VIII. VI. Queen Eds. King James 1 st, and King Charles II whereby the Election appears to be in the Burgesses and Commonalty.

That it was also proved, that, at the Election now in Question, a Poll was demanded on Behalf of Sir Thom. Allen, and Mr. North; wherein all the Freemen were to be included; But that, finding the Number of the Out-sitters to over-balance their Voices, they proceeded to poll the Burgesses, Inhabitants only: Whereof the one had ^Twenty-six; and the other Twenty-eight, as above.

That it was also alledged, That Sir Thomas Allen himself was chosen once by the Out-sitters: Which was not ^contradicted by the other Side.

So that, it appearing, that Sir Philip Skippon had 183, and Sir Rob. Rich 141, of the Out-sitters and Townsmen;

The Committee come to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Dis in the Freemen of the said Borough, commonly called Out-sitters, as well as in the Freemen inhabiting within the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that Sir Rob. Rich, Knight and Baronet, and Sir Philip Skippon, Knight, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

The Question being put, That the House agree with the Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Dumcich, is in the Freemen of the said Borough, commonly called Out-sitters, as well as in the Freemen Inhabitants within the said Borough;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yea J }*r-

’I Mr. Morgan,

]i73-

ji50.

Tellers for the

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other of the said Resolves being read a Secdnd time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Sir Rob. Rich, Knight and Baronet, and Sir Philip Skippon, Knight, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dun-mch.

The House being acquainted, that the Clerk of the Crown was at the Door, with the Return;

Resolved, That he be called in.

The Clerk of the Crown being called in; it appeared that the said Double Return was in one and the same Certificate. 14

And. the Clerk of the Crown withdrew.

There arose a Debate in the House thereupon.

Ordered, That the Bailiffs of the Borough of Dumcich do forthwith attend to alter the said Return.

Ordered, That the Lord TVenman have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for his Health. Aboet.ee.

The Order of Yesterday, for the House resolving it- Revenue of self into a Committee of the whole House, to take into the Crown, Consideration a Motion then made, for settling a Revenue upon the King and Queen, was read.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from , the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration a Motion made Yesterday, for settling a Revenue upon the King and Queen, That the Committee, having taken the game into Consideration, had agreed upon Two Resolvc6 to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table, where the same being read, are as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the House be moved to direct Sir Robert to

bring in the yearly Value of the several Branches of tha Revenue.

Resolved, That the House be moved to resolve itself again into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of settling a Revenue upon the King and Queen.

Tho first of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee; and accordingly doth order, that Sir Robert Houard do bring in the yearly Value of the several Branches of the Revenue.

The other of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of ’ the whole House, to consider further of settling a Revenue for the King and Queen.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will Resolution

stand by and assist the King with their Lives and For- l<’ support tunes, in supporting his Alliances abroad, in reducing of 4 lL Ul'^‘ Ireland, and in Defence of the Protestant Religion, and Laws of the Kingdom.

A Motion being made, that an Aid be granted to his Mo(ion for Majesty; an Aid

Resolved, That the Committee of the whole House do take the same into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jons, 28° die Februarii;

1* Willielmi el Marias.

Prayers.

f\RDE R ED, That Sir John Duke have Leave to go Leave of into the Country. Absence.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare payraentof and bring in a Bill for the better Regulating the Payment the Revenue, of the Revenue into the Exchequer, and issuing it out; and for Regulating of the Fees of the Exchequer; upon the Debate of the House.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Papilion,

Sir Rich. Temple, Sir II.'Capett, Mr. Sir Hin.

Gregorye, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir John Holt, Mr.

verell, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Eyres. Sir Rob. Sawyer, Sir

IVm. Williams, Major Wildman, Mr. Hamden, Lord

Thetford

Election.

American

LllltUUODS. Saptdy.

W. & M.

28® FebrMtiu — 10 Martiu

31

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time; . - ' j

Resoloed, That this House will resolve itself into a

Committee of the whole Houses To morrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, to take further Consideration of his Majesty’s Speech. . , - , ,v . ,|

Ordered, That Mr. Polesrfen apd Mr. do pre-

pare and bring in a Bill, upon the said Resolyes.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to Lords Cort-the Vote of Yesterday, That this House will stand by 5l£7nce«JW* and assist the King with their Lives and Fortunes, in supporting his Alliances abroad, in Reducing of Ireland, ing the King; and in Defence of the.Protestant Religion, and Laws of she Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Leveson Gower do Carry up the said Vote'to the Lords for their Concurrence;

~; 1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 1® die

' 1 I.

i° Willielmi et Mari®.

land, Mr. Weld, Sir Hem Goodrick, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr.

Buscowen, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Cristy, Mr. Windham, Sir Math. Andrews: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock* in (the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Abraham Fellon, Esquire, complaining

of an undue Election and Return of a Burgess to serve

in this present Parliament for the Borough of ThetJ'ard

in the County of Norfolke, was read. -

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And the same is to be heard by the Committee, at the same time with another Petition of divers of the Inhabitants of the skid Borough, relating to Sir Jos. Williamson.

A Petition of the Planters, and others, concerned in

their Majesties Sugar Plantations in Americif, was read. '"

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie on the Table.

The Order of Yesterday, for this House to rhsolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tb consider of a Motion then made for an Aid to be granted to his Majesty, was read. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Prayers.

Mr. Hamden reportsfrpm the Committee, of the whole O LO N EL Birch reports from the Committee of Rygate

House, to whom it was referred to consider of a Motion Elections and Privileges, to whom the Matter of the Election,

made for an Aid to be granted to his Majesty, That the Election of Burgesses’ to serve in this present Parliament Committee having taken the same into Consideration for the Borough of Rygate in the County of Surrey, was

~ referred, That the Committee having taken the Matter

touching the said Election into their Consideration, had come to the Resolutions following:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ' that Sir John Parsons, Knight, is not duly elected a Bur-

accordingly, they had agreed upon Three Resolves to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerks Table: Where the same being read, are as followed^:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this ‘Committee,

that a present Aid be given to his Majesty, not exceed- gess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ing the Sum of ,420,000l. of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the said Aid be, by a monthly Assessment, for Six that. Thomas Vincent, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess Months, at the Rate of 68,820/. 19 s. 1 d. per Mensem, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of

according to the Proportions in the Act made in the Rygate.

One-and-thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, for

paying off and disbanding the Forces raised aftpr the Twenty-ninth of September 1677. \

Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee, that the House be moved to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, to take further Consideration of his Majesty’s Speech.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second tiipe; > - ' '

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Sir John Parsons, Knight, is not duly elected a Burgess tp serve in this present Parliament for the Borough 0? Rygate.

The other of the said Resolves being read a Second time; , (

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Thomas, Vincent, Esquire, is'duly elected a

‘Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Bo-miitee, that a present Aid be given to his Majesty, not i;ough of Rygate.

exceeding the Sum of 420,000l.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time; ‘.

Resolved \That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Aid be by a monthly Assessment, for Six Months, atthe.Rate of 68,820/. 19$. i d. per Mensem, according to the Proportions in the Act made in the One-and-thirtieth Year of King Charges the Second, for paying off and disbanding the Forces raised after at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being read, is as the Twenty-ninth of September 1677.. ‘ fohoweth:

A Computation of several Branches; of the Revenue.

Ordered, That the Bailiff of the Borough oi Rygate do forthwith attend, to amend the said Return.

Sir Robert Howard reports, that, according to the Or- Account of

def of this House on Wednesday last, for bringing in the the heT«nue.

rrly Value of the several Branches of the Revenue, had prepared a Computation thereof: Which be read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same jn

i dC. 53?, M3 595,688

£30.700

55*497

s.

9

7

*5

18

The Old Customs made* In the Year , 1685,

1 In the Year 1686,

In the Year 1687,

' 1 In the Year 1688,

The Medians of the Four Years is The Duties, late in the Wood Farm, Coal Farm, and Salt Farm, and] the Grant of the French Tonage,. all newly expired The Four and half per Cent. Relit of the Logwood Farm, andl Seizures of, uncustomed and prohibited Goods

Vol. X.

577,507

s.

12

d.

\oi

19,500 —

12,119 4 4

K

609,126 17 2j

The.

Mesian

from the King-Hearth-Jflonej.

Thanks for Message*

Message from ttie King — Treasonable Conspiracies.

A. , 1688.

The Excise made, In the Year 1685, - -

In the Year 1088; -

In the Year 1687, -

In the Year 1688, - -

The Jtfediotn of the Four Years is The Hearth-money, per Ann. about The Poet-Office, per Ann. about' -The Small ^ranches, per Ann. about -

£. s. d.

567,064 J2 581,664 4 81 623,891 1 7i - - - 636,358 12 8i s. d.

- 610,486 id 9

- 200,000----- L

- 55,000 — —

- 26,350 15

Total - - - £.1,500,964 3 4i

The New Imposition grpofod in the late King James the Second’s Time.

» i? s d

Wine and Vinegar for Eight Years produced, from Michaelmas 87, Ml *’ ,

to Mchaelma9 SS - - - ..... - -/ 172>901 10

Remained to come, Four Years Hol£ from Christmas last, ending

the 24th of June, 1693.

Tobacco and Sugar, for the same time, produced, in the same Year

French Linen, Brandy, Silks, 8$c. for Five Years, produced, in the saidY

Year - - -J

Remained to come, One Year, Half, the First of last

Memorandum., These Two last Branches are charged with the Loan of

84,888/. 6s. 9 d.with Interest; which is to be paid in the Course of.

Register as it comes in.

148,861 8 —

93,710 8 l*

1

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, that he had a Message from his Majesty, in Writing: And thereupon he brought up the same to Mr. Speaker: Who read the same; and is as folio weth:

HIS Majesty having been informed, that the Revenue of the Hearth-inoney is very grievous to the People, is therefore willing to agree, either to a Regulation of it, or to the Taking of it wholly awpy, as this House shall think most convenient: And, as, in thi6, His Majesty doth consider the Ease of the Subject, so He doth not doubt, but you will be careful of the Support of the Crown. ;*

Resolved, Nemine contradicente,. That the humjble Thanks of this House be presented to his Majesty, for his most gracious Message this Day sent Jo the House.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Hamden, Sir Good-

rich, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rick- Temple,. Sir Rob. Hap-per, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Geo. Jreby, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Frp.Russell, Sir Lfen. Capell, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Tip-

ping, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Rob. Clayton, Colonel Rirch, do immediately withdraw into, the Speaker s Chamber, and prepare au Address of Thanks to his Majesty, for foe said Message, upon the Debate of foe House.

Mr. Hamden, One of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, acquainted foe House, that be had.a Message from his Majesty; That his Majesty hath had credible Information, that there are several Persons in and (about this Town, that keep private Meetings and Cabals, to conspire against the Government, and for foe Assistance of the late King James: That his Majesty has/cmased some of those Persons to be already apprehended and se-. cured, upon Suspicion of High Treason; and font; He thinks He may see Cause to do so by others, wifoin a little time: But that His Majesty is between Two, jjrreat Difficulties in this Case; for that, if He Should set those Persons at Liberty thatare apprehended, He would be wanting to His own Safety, and the Safety of His Govqrnmejit %na People: On the other iij He Should detain tfhem, He is unwilling to do apy thing, biit what shall be fulLy warranted by Law, which He hath eoaften declared Ifo will preserve: And that therefore, if those Persons Should. deliver themselves by the Act of Habeas Carpus, there would be another Difficulty. That His Majesty is likewise

£aj " Eiuhty-geveo" Should be Eighty-firev

unwilling, that excessive Bail Should be taken in this Case;

His Majesty remembring That to be One Article of the Grievances presented to Him: That ordinary Bail will not be sufficient; for Men that carry on such Designs, in hopes of succeeding, will not stick at forfeiting a small Sum: And that, this falling out when the Parliament is sitting, His Majesty therefore thought fit to ask the Advice of this ’House therein; and intends to advise with flie Lords also.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the humbleThanjcs Thank* so* of this House he returned to his Majesty for his most gra- Message, cious Message, in desiring the Adyiceof this House.

Resolved, That a Temporary Bill be brought in, to Habeas impower his Majesty to apprehend and detain all such CorPU8 s"»-Persons, as he shall have just Cause to suspect are cop- pen*10B' spiring against the Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamden, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr.

Polcxfcn, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho. Clarges,

Sir John Holt, Mr . Brewer, do immediately withdraw into the Speaker’s Chamber, and prepare the said Bill; and bring in foe saipe with all convenient Speed.

A Message frorp the Lords, by Sir Robert Atkins? and Message Sir Edw. Nevill; "J from Lord*.

Mi1. Sjpeaker, His Majesty haying beep pleased to ^tj^d,dress communicate to the Lords, that he had apprehended Messa!* several Persons, and conceived there would be Occasion to secure others; that foe Lqips had prepared an Address of Thanks for his desiring such their Advice; and also of their Advice to his Majesty ip that Matter: To which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Messengers withdrew.

Resofved, ’flnat foe Comrpittee above Stairs be called down.' T ’ " 1 , ' '

Apd they being come down, accordingly;

The said Address was read; and is as foHowefo:

", I , - '

Die Veneris, 1* Martii, 1688.

YOUR Majesty having acquainted us, that You have just Grounds to suspect divers Persons of treasonable Practices against the Government, and have committed some of them into safe Custody, and may have Reason to commit others, in like manner; and that Your Majesty haith a very tender Regard to foe Liberty of the Subject and particularly to the Observation of the Habeas ChTpus Act, which was made for the Preservation of its'ftnd hereupon have been pleased toask our Advice; We therefore, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal ' ‘ ' in Parliament assembled, do return Your Majesty our most

bumble

i W.#M.

jV-3* MflrtH,

fumble Thqqkf, for Your greqt Pare of oqr Liberties, gnd . fyr Your gracious Communication of tfqs lattes fp qs,; and do humbly advise and desire Ypqr Majesty to $uch extraordinary Care of the Government in this Con? juncture, by securing all such suspected Persons, as jnay effectually prevent any Disturbances of the public^ Peace: Aud that such Persons as are or shad he sp cpipmitted, may be detained until the First Day of (bn pext Term, being the Seventeenth Day of next ensuing, if Your Majesty shall see Cau^e for it.

Message AMessage from the Lords, by Sir , and

lrum Lords Mr. Methwyn

o miiujmca- Mr* Speaker, I am to acquaint you, That t)ie Lord?

tionoi Vote, have considered of the Vote of this Ijpuse, on

nesday last sent up to the Lords for their Concurrence;: And that they have made the jikp Vote, and entered it in their Books.

Mr. Speaker asked them, whether the Lords had pon-purred to the Said Vote. , . ... ,.

They answered, That the Lorcb bad not concurred 1 but had made the like Vote.

The Messengers withdrew.

And a Debate arose upon that Message.

Resolved, That Sir Christopher Mfisgrace, and Thomas Lee, and Sir Rich. Templ, dp go and inspect the Lords

Journals, wherein the said Message is entered.

Sir Christopher Musgra reports, That he apd Sir Rich. Temple had inspected die Lords Journals; and (tp prevent any Mistake) that they had taken in Writing, how the Matter stood in the Lords Journals; Whiph he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it jq at the Clerk’s Table: And is as follovyeth:

" A Message from the House of Cpipmons, by Mr-Luccn Gour, and others; who brought up a Vote of importance; tp which they desire thep Lordships Concurrence (

" The Vote was read, and agreed to."

" Absolved, That thjp House will stpnd byaqd qssjjst the } King with their Lives and Fortunes, in supporting his AL j liances abroad, in Reducing of Ireland in Defence pf/the I Protestant Religion, and the Laws of the Kiqgjdpm." .

" Then the House made the followiqg Vptej " Resolved, That tins House will stand by and.asspt-the King with their Lives and Fortunes, in supporting his Alliances abroad, in Reducing of Ireland, ip Defeqcp of the Protestant Religion, and tpe Laws of the Kingdom."

" A Message to the jjppse of Commons, by Sir Milos Cook and Mr. Metkpyp, ip acquaint them; that this House had made thp same Vote with them; and hftvp entered if iutptheir Ropjcs." . , (

Mdrf« Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare

irloruhe an ^umble Address unto his Majesty, to ‘contain the sisport t e Substance of the Vote passed this House on Wednesday

last, in the Words following: ’

" Resolved, Nemine That this House will

stand by and assist the King with their Lives and ’Fortunes, in supporting his Alliances abroad,' in Reducing of Ireland, and in Defence of the Protestant Religion, and Laws of the Kingdom." '

And it is referred to Sir Christopher Musgrave, ’Sir Rich. Temple, Mr . Gower, Lord Falkland, Mr. Jephspn,

tColonel Sidney, Sir Rob.Sawyer, Mr. jun. Sir

/' Hen. Hobart, Major W Mr. Foley, or any Throe of them, to prepare and bring in the same: An<j they ' are to meet at Five of the Clock this Afterqoon, in the Speakers Chamber. 1

Supply Bill; Mr. Somers acquaints the House, that, according to' granting a the Order of Yesterday, for Mr. and him to

present Aid. prepare and bring ip a Rill fqr thp Qrapting of jm Aid' to his Majesty, they bad prepared the said Bill: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabjp. .:;,

A Bill for granting an Aipl tp hw Majesty was read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time, on Monday Mqrqipg next, at 'Ten of Qlpck.

Ypu X.

Sh Robert ftywd reppRs from, to Address re-

poiAteq to, prep^p pq Address, ojf ty weting the

for His n?ost gracious Message, sept.ihk Dqy to Hearth-Hoq$p by Mr, CqrqptrpUer, That ted money‘

prepared an Address accordingly; Which he spad iq fte Place; and afterwards delivered fhp satqe |q qtto Clerk’s Table; Where to aqme heiqg ftgam read, wu agreed uqto. by % Hyp*!?, hfd

is as f(flpwe)th:

w E your pasty’s iqpgt ?qd loyal Subjects, the Knights, Citizens, and Bqrgep^ee, If) ParUjirpept ear sembled, have taken into our most serious Consideration.

Your Majesty’s gracious Message, wherein your Majesty is pleased to express Your great Goodness and &<rise of Your People’s Condition, by Your tender Consideration that the Revenue of the Hearth-money is very grievous to them; and are pleased to agree, either to the Regulation of it, or to the Taking it wholly away. And as Your Majesty is pleased in This to consider the Ease of Your People, we acknowledge ourselves obliged t» declare, That your Majesty has filled Opt Hearts with intire Safisfection and Gmtitude, by this Your Most gracious and unprecedented (Offer: And webiwnhly crave Leave to present this Assurance to Yew Majesty, that we will make such grateful and affectionate RetttOQi, and be so careful of the Support of the Crown, that the World may see, to the Discouraging of ypur Enemies, and (Satisfaction of all gopd Men, that Your Majesty reigns in the Hearts of your People: Which God grant long to continue. v

Resolved, That this whole House do attend his Majesty, to present the said Address.

Ordered, That such Members of this Hpqse, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Pfivy Couqcil, do wait upon his Majesty, to knpw his Pleasure -when he will ho -atteqfled by U)» House with (the said Address-

A BUI for impowering his Majesty to apprehend and Suspending detain aR such Be^ops as he shat) haya just Cause to 5^*" suspnc) are conspiring agaiqst the Gqyenmaeuh was read orp"*‘ the Firs) tieqe.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time juuunw-! diately.

The said Bill being read a Second time; ! 1

Resolved, That the said Bill be comraitted, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir The. Lee, Mr. Leoeeon Gower, Sir IVm. JVtifaims, Mr. Colt, Mr. Hamden, senior, Mr. Garway, Sir Wm. Gregorye, Sir Rich. Temple,

Sir John Lout her, Lord Falkland, Mr. Haeh, Mr.

Sacheverell, Mr. A nth Grey, Sir Hen. CapeU,: Sir/ay.

Trgdenham, Sir Geo. Treby, Mr. Somers, Sir Rob. Sawyer,.

Mr. Wharton, Mr. Foley, Colonel Birch, Mr. Trenchard,

Sir Edw- Seymour, Mr. Hamden junior, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Palmes, S\r John Holt, Colonel ChurchiU, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Kirk?, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Lord Falkland, Lord Coote, Mr. Grky, Mr.

Bromley, Sir Bob. Happier, Colonel Wharton, Mr. John Hamden: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.,

And then the House adjourned dll Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

TTWT rrrrrrrrt in ‘J"? rrrtrrrrr^rrt 'hiwM>wn mu —

': t ‘ " ' ’ '

Sabbati, St die M.arlii;

Prime Williedmi et Marias.

THE House, according to the Order of Member*

last, began at Nine of roedock, to take the-Oaths, take Oaths, injoined by an Act of this present Parliament, intituled,

An Act feu removing and-preventing all Questions and-Disputesconcerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament; tod to make, repeat and subscribe the Test or Declaration, injoined both by tlje' same Act of -

Parliament,

Members take Oaths*

Dunwich

Return

amended*

Ryegata

Return

amended.

Leave of Absence*

King appoints to be attended.

Leave of Absence*

40

& — 4

Martin

i 1

A. 168&

'Parliament, and an Act of Parliament inhdein the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second; Mr. Speaker first, by himself, in the Chair, taking the Said Oaths, and making, repeating, and subscribing the Said Declaration; and afterwards, such Members as did answCr to their Names upon the calling them according to the Book of Returns of Members to serve in this House;' Mr. Speaker being all the Time in the Chair.’ — The House sat for that Purpose till Four a Clock in the Afternoon: In which time there did to the Number of about Four Hundred, take the said Oaths, and repeat arid subscribe the said Declaration.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 4° Martii;

Primo Willielmi et Marie.

Praters.

SEVERAL Members of the House, who had not before taken the Oaths, and repeated and subscribed the Declaration, according to the several Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, did take, repeat, and subscribe the same.

The House being informed, that the Bailiffs of the Borough of Dunwtch in the County of , and the

Clerk of the Crown, attended, according to the Order of Tuesday last, at the Door, to amend the Double Return, made of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, That the said Bailiffs, and Clerk of the Crown, be called in 1

They being come in, the Bailiffs did, at the Table, amend the said Return, by obliterating the reout the Names of Sir Thomas Alien, Knight, and Roger North, Esquire, and such Part of the said Return as related to them. And they being withdrawn;

Sir Robert Rich, Knight and Baronet, and Sir Philip Sfcippon, Knight, were, according to the Order of the Thlree-and-twentieth February last, introduced into the House.

The House being informed, that the Bailiff of the Borough of Ryegate, and the Clerk of the Crown, attended at the Door, according to the Order of Friday last, to amend the Return of Burgess, to serve in this' present Parliament, for the said Borough; '< '

Resolved, That the saiid Bailiff and Clerk of the Crown, be called in.

They being come in, the Bailiff did; at the Table, amend the said Return, by razing out the Name of Sir John Parsons, Knight; and inserting, instead thereof, the Name of Thomas Vincent, Esquire. ‘

And they being withdrawn;

Mr. Vincent was, according to the Order of the Three*-and-twentieth of February last, introduced into tile House.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Strickland and Sir Robert Dovers have Leave to go into the Country for their Healths. . / /.

Mr- Comptroller acquainted the House, that he, with other Members of the House who were of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, having, according to the Order of Saturday last, waited upon his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, when he would be attended with the Address of this House of their Thanks for his most gracious Message relating to the Duty of Hearth-money; His Majesty has been pleased to appoint, to be attended accordingly, Tomorrow, at Three of :the Clock'in the Afternoon, in the Banqueting House otJVhitehall. /

Ordered, That Sir Edward Seymour have Leave to go into the Country. .

Sir ThomalsLititblon reports frbtn fhfe Committee, to sospending

whbtri the’ Bill for impowering his Majesty to apprehend Habeas arid detain such Persons, as he shall find just Cause to Corpus, suspect ale conspiring against the’ Government; was referred, That the Committee had thought fit to make several Amendments to the bill: Which Amendments he read1 iri his Plhce,'with the Coherence '; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same, being all read over; and afterwards again, One by One, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were all agreed unto by the House.

A Motion being made, that there be another Amendment to the Bill, by the Addition of these Words, and ’ also, of all other Laws and Statutes any Way relating to,

Or providing for, the liberty of the Subjects of this

Kingd om: And the same being twice read

Resolved, That this House doth agree to '.the said Amendment. ' '

Another Amendment being pirdpbsed, by adding these Words, "and that this present Act shall continue until the said Seventeenth Day of April, and no longer And the same being twice read; 11

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendment. 1 " " ’

Ancither Amendment being proposed,’ of these Words,

" and is never to be drawn into Precedent, or Example, hereafter;"

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Aihendment; 1 '

It.passed in the Negative.

A Clause being offered to be added to the Bill, in these Words: ..

" And be it further Declared and Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that the Fees and reasonable Charges, of all Persons, which shall be confined, committed, imprisoned, or detained in Prison, or Custody, by Virtue or Colour of this Act, occasioned by such Confinement, Commitment, Imprisonment, or Detainer, shall be paid and discharged out of the publick Revenue of the Crown1 ' \ '

Arid the Question being put, that the House do agree' to the said-Clause:' I"

It passed in the Negative.; ,

A rrovisb being offered to ,‘be added to the Bill, in these Words;.

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, that nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to the ancient Rights and Privileges of Parliament, or to the Imprisonment or Detaining of any Member of either Housq' of Parliament, until the Matter, of which he stands suspected, be first communicated to the House, of which' he is a Member; and the Consent of the said House obtained, for his Commitment, or Detaining."

The saipe was twice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Proviso.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Bill, so amended, with the said Clause, and Proviso added thereuntp; , 1 ’

Ordered, That the said Bill, $p amended, and with the; said Clause and Proviso, be ingrossed....

» y . \ ! . \ V,

Mr. Hamden junior reports-from the Committee, to» Addrmi whom it was referred to prepare an Address unto hid resolving Majesty, to contain the Substance of the Vote passed,!VPP°rt the this House on Wednesday last. That the Committee ;had ln®' prepared an Address accordinglyWhich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:, Where the same being ready, is as fol- < Ipwetij; viz.> v

W E‘ Your Majesty’s most faithful and dutiful Subjects, v ’I ': 1 . > ‘i and Commons,

assembled in Parliament, btein^ highly sensible of o’ur late Meat and signal Deliverable from Popery and Arbitrary Power; whereof it hath pleased Almighty God to niake Your Majesty the glorioufe Ibsthirnent; and desiring, to the utmost of our Abilities, io express' our Gratitude to

’ 1 Your

i: Wl BtM.

5

o

Martii.

41

Your Majesty, for so heroick an Undertaking, no less necessary for the Support of the Protestant Interest in Europe, than for the Recovering and Maintaining of the 'Civil Rights and Libertiesof these Nations, so notoriously 1 - invaded and undermined by Popish Councils and CoUn- sdlbrs #

An Amendment being proposed to be made in the said Address, by leaving out die Word "heroical," and, instead thereof, to insert these Words, " great and generous

Resolved, That the Word " heroical," be left out of the said Address.

Resolved, That, instead of the said Word " heroical,"

be inserted tfiege Words, "great and generous."

-i. , Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the

S^id Address, by leaving out these Words, *;

Resolved,.That this House doth agree to the said Ajnendinent proposed, that those Words be left out accordingly. 1

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to the said Address.

Conference Ordered, That Mr. Hamden do go up to the Lords, desired with end desire; a Conference, upon the Matter of their. Lord-rds' ships last Message to this House.

Supply Bill; 'A Bill for granting a present Aid to his Majesty, was

granting a read the Second time.

present Aid. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the' whole House, to take into Consideration the Bill for granting a present Aid unto His Majesty.

Members to , Ordered, That the several Members of this House do

proposeCom- bring in Commissioners Names for the respective Places missioners for which they serve.

Committee of Ordered, That Sir Joseph Tredenham, the Chairman of Grievances, the Committee of Grievances, do make a Report from the . said Committee Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

> t

1 ‘:

The Address agreed on.

Address re- WEyour Majesty’s most faithful and dutiful Sub-

TOlvmft the jects, . , and Commons,

Ku^rl assembled in Parliament, being highly sensible of our late great and signal Deliverance from Popery and arbitrary Power, whereof it hath pleased Almighty God to make Your Majesty the glorious Instrument; and desire-ing, to the utmost of our Abilities, to express our Gratitude to Your Majesty, for so great and generous an Undertaking, no less necessary for the Support of the Protestant Interest in Europe, than for the Recovering and Maintaining the Civil Rights and Liberties of these Nations, so notoriously invaded and undermined by Popish Councils and Counsellors; and being likewise fully convinced of the restless Spirits, and the continued Endeavours, of Your Majesty’s and the Nation’s Enemies^ for the Extirpation of the Protestant Religion, and the Subversion of our Laws and Liberties; do unanimously declare, That we will stand by and assist Your Majesty with our Lives and Fortunes, in supporting your Allies abroad, in Reducing of Ireland', and in Defence of the Protestant Religion, and Laws of the Kingdom.

Martin, 5° die Martii; 1" Willielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

Members OEVERAL Members of the House, who had not uke Oaths, before taken the Oaths, and repeated and subscribed a Declaration, according to the several Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, did take, repeat, and subscribe the same.

Cooke’s A Petition of Younger Cooke, Esquire, for Leave, to

Luie. X/ol. X.

bring in a Bill, for Selling of Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts,- and raising Portions for younger Children, was read.

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan, and Mn Gorge, have Leave of Leave to go into the Country. Absence.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Commitment* House, of iris Deputy, do go to the chief Officer of the of state Tower of London, and demand Copies of the Warrants of Prisoners. Commitment of all such Persons, as are Prisoners in the Tower; and that such Officer do deliver such Copies accordingly.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do go to the Keeper of the Gaols of Neugate, and the Gatehouse, and demand' Copies of

the Commitments of such Persons, as are Prisoners in the respective Prisons, for Matters of State.

Sir Jos. Tredenham reports ffoin the Grand Committee Rep^t from of Grievances, several Resolves, by them agreed upon: Committeeof Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered Grievances, the same in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Rights of the City of London, in the Election of Sheriffs in the Year 1682, were invaded; and that such Invasion was illegal, and a Grievance.

2. Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Judgment given upon the Quo Warranto against the City of London, is illegal, and a Grievance.

3. Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the late Prosecutions of Quo WaiTanlo's against the other Cities, Two Universities, the Towns Corporate, Boroughs and Cinque Ports, and Plantations; and the Judgments thereupon; and the Surrenders of Charters, to the Violation of their ancient Rights; are illegal, and Grievances.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Commissions and Instructions, for regulating ( Corporations, and putting Tests, in order to electing Members for Parliament, are illegal, and Grievances.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Promising of Votes, to take off the Penal Laws and Tests, is a Violation of the Rights of Parliament^ and a Grievance.

6 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Collecting of the Customs, and Part of the Excise, between the Death of King Charles the Second, when those Duties were determined, and the Parliament that w as afterwards, was illegal, arid a Grievance.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Levying of Money otherwise than the Law allows, and the Disarming of Protestants, and Quartering of Soldiers contrary to Law, are Grievances.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, to appoint a particular Committee, to examine into the Matters aforesaid; and who were the Authors and Advisers thereof.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said -Committee in the said Resolve, That the Rights of the City of London, in the Election of Sherifls in the Year

1682, were invaded; and that such Invasion was illegal, and a Grievance.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second,

time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee in the said Resolve, That the Judgment given upon the Quo JVarranlo against the City of London, is illegal, and a Grievance.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee in the said Resolve, That the late Prosecutions of Quo If annulu s against the other Cities, Two Uni-' L versifies.

1

42

5* — 6 Marti. i«8fc

Verities, the Towns Corporate, Boroughs and Cinque Ports, and Plantations; and the Judgments thereupon; and the Surrenders of Charters, to thd Violation of their ancient Rights: are illegal, and a Grievance.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this Housse doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, That the Commissions and Instructions, for regulating Corporations, and putting Tests, in order to electing Members for Parliament, are Illegal, and Grievances.

The Fifth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee in the said Resolve, That the Promising of Votes, to take off the Penal Laws and Tests, is a Violation of the Rights of Parliament, and a Grievance.

The Sixth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee in the said Resolve, That the Collecting the Custom, and Part of the Excise, between the Death of King Charles the Second, when those Duties were determined, and the Parliament that was afterwards, was illegal, and a Grievance.

The Seventh of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

An Amendment being proposed to be made, by adding after the Word " Soldiers," and before the Word "contrary," these Words, "and the Pressing of Horses and Carriages;"

Resolved, That these Words, " and the Pressing of Horses and Carriages," be added to the said Resolve, accordingly.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, thus amended.

The Eighth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee; and accordingly doth order, That a particular Committee be appointed to examine into the Matters aforesaid; and who were the Authors and Advisers thereof.

And it is referred unto Sir Rob. Howard, Colonel Birch, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Rob. Clayton, Sir

Edw. Seymor, Lord Falkland, Mr. Mr. Stock-

dale, Mr. Colt, Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Hamden, Sir Geo. Treby, Mr. Conin Sir Rob. Gwyn, Sir Christopher Musgraoe, Mr. Sommers, Mr. Hen. Herbert, Colonel Whitley, Major IVildmaSir Wm. Williams, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Howe, Sir WmCooper, Mr. Arnold, Sir Edward Hartley, Mr. Dalben, Lord Sir Jos.

Trcdcnham, Earl of Wiltshire, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Leve-

son Gowre, Mr. Finch, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Montague, Mr. Edw. Thomson, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Sir Roger Cave, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Windham, Mr. Auditor Done, Mr. Howard, Mr. Love, Sir F)'a. Russell, Captain Herbert, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Cook, Sir Cha. Caesar, Sir Wm. Ellis, Sir Cha. Rawleigh, Major Manley, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Cristy, Sir John Guise, Sir Rich. Middleton, Colonel Tipping, Sir John St. Awbyn, Lord Digby, Sir Win. Poultny, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Philip Hmoard, Sir Gilbert Clerke; and all the Members that serve for the City of London: And they are to meet at Five of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

the same: And they are to bring the same id with all convenient Speed.

The Question being put, That this House dd now re- Supply Billj solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take granting a into Consideration the Bill for granting a present Aid to i*re*ent Aj‘L his Majesty;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Nine a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty.

Mr. Hamden junior, according to the Ofdfcr of Yes ter* Conference day, went up to the Lords, to desire a Conference. with Lon*a

Mr. Hamden junior acquaints the House, That he having, according to their Order, gone up to the Lords to desire a Conference, their Lordships had agreed to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That Mr. Hamden, Mr. Boscowen, Mr. Peir-point, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir 7 ho.Clarges, be the Managers of the said Conference.

Mr. Hamden junior reports, That the Managers of the Conference had been with the Lords; and delivered them the Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon, the Vote of this House on Wednesday last; and desired -their lordships Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Atkins and Sir Edzcard Necill;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do concur with this House in the Address which was delivered to them at the last Conference.

They have likewise sent to his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, when both Houses may attend His Majesty with that Address, and where.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion being made, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Taking away the Duty of Hearth-money;

And a Debate arose thereupon:

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a Committee be

appointed to prepare a Bill for the Taking away the Duty of Hearth-money.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Howe, Mr. Burrard, Sir Wm.Williams, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Hen.

Goodrich, Mr. Hen. Herbert, Mr. Somers, Mr. Whitehead, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Lord Falkland, Sir Roger Cave, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Colonel Birch, Mr. Dalben;

and all the Members of the House that are of the Long Robe, or any Three of them: And they are to bring the same in with all convenient Speed.

Abolishing

Hearth-

money.

And then the House adjourned till Three a Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House met, in order to go to Uhitehall, to The Hous« present their Address, agreed upon on Friday last, to present* his Majesty. Address.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 6°;

Declaration Resolved, That a Bill be prepared, for enacting the seve- williplmi Pt Mnrijp

of Rights, ral Articles, contained in the Declaration of both Houses,

"‘‘-tt.ing agreed upon the Twelfth Day of February last, andpre- Prayers. e rowtj/ Sented to his now Majesty the Thirteenth Day of the same OEVERAL of the Members of the House, who had Members

/ February; and for settling the Crown, and preventing U not before taken the Oaths, and repeated and sub- take Oath*,

any Papist to succeed to the Crown of this Kingdom. scribed the Declaration, according to the several Acts for And it is referred to Mr. Hen. Pollevfen, Mr. Finch, that Purpose, did take, repeat, and subscribe the same.

Mr. Eyres, Sir John Holt, Sir Wm. Williams, Sir Geo.

' Treby, Mr. Ettrick, Mr. Somers, Mr. Windham, Mr. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make Wye. Ac.

Ventris, Mr. Dalben, or any Three of them, to prepare the River Wye in the County of Hereford navigable. Navigati®*

19 Ordered,

V.eave of Absteocei

Antwcr to Address.

Clerk As&istaot relinquishes kis Office.

Printing the Votes.

Supply Bill; granting a present Aid.

Regulating

Trials.

Commit-Eients of State Prisoners.

Suspending

Habeas

Corpus.

Graham and

Burtun's

-Accompts.

Supply Bill; grant ing a present Aid.

i W. &.M. 6‘- — ji* 43

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole, and Mri Hyde of Hindoo, Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee, have Leave to go into the Country. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair-

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That, the House having attended his Majesty Yesterday in the Afternbon, to present their Address to his Majesty, his Majesty was pleased to speak to the Effect following:

I AM glad that I have done what is so acceptable to you: I shall always be ready to do any thing that may be for the Ease of the Subject; - as well as for the Safety and Glory of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the Houae, That Mr. GxoiUim, the Clerk Assistant, was going to an Employment lie was formerly in; and that he desired to quit their Service with thjeir Approbation: Which the House agreed to accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Mr. Colt to move the House Tomorrow Morning, in a full House, that the Votes may be printed.

The Order for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for a present Aid to be granted to his Majesty, was read.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edward Kingap_

and Mr. Wallopp; points to be

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to attended, acquaint this House, That the King has appointed Friday Morning, Nine of the Clock, iuthe Banqueting House at IWhitehall, to receive both Houses, with their Address, which this House sent up to the Lords Yesterday, for their Lordships Concurrence.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Supply Bill;

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee. granting a

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.' present Aid.

Mr. Hamdcti reports from the Committee of the whole

House, That, they having taken the Bill for granting a present Aid to his Majesty into their Consideration, they . had made some Progress therein; and that they had directed him to move the House, that the House will, Tomorrow Morning, again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further thereupon.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed, further in the Consideration of the Bill for granting a present Aid unto his Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir IVm. Dalben;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, which has passed their House, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Trials: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Serjeant at Arms attending this House acquainted the House, That, according to the Order of Yesterday, he had been at the Tower, Newgate, and the Gatehouse; and had Copies of the Commitment of the several Prisoners there: And delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for impowering his Majesty to apprehend ana detain such Persons as he shall find just Cause to suspect are conspiring against the Government, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made, by leaving out these Words, " shall remain; " and, instead thereof, inserting these Words ‘♦ may be detained

Resolved, That the Words " shall remain" be left out.

Resolved, That instead thereof, these Words, " may be detained," be inserted.

And the said Amendment being accordingly made at the Table;

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for impowering His Majesty to apprehend and detain such Persons, as he shall find just Cause to suspect are conspiring against the Government

Resolved, That Sir 7 'ho.Littleton do carry up the said Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

The Copy of the Commitment of Mr. Graham and Burton to the Tower was read.

A Debate arose in the House thereupon; and upon several other of the said Commitments. '

Resolved, That the Committee appointed to inspect and examine the Accompts of Mr. Graham and Mr. Burton, do examine the Cases of the said Mr. Burton and Mr. Graham, and the other Prisoners in the Tower, Newgate, and the Gatehouse', Copies of whose Commitr ments were, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, given in to the House this Day; and, as the Committee shall find Occasion, do prepare Accusations against them; and report the same to the House.

Mr. Speaker again left the Chair.

Vol.X.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, T Martii;

i* Willielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

r\R DE R ED, That Mr. Colt have Leave, on Saturday panting th* Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, to move the Votes. House, that the Votes may be printed.

Ordered, That the Bill for taking away the Court held Marches before the President and Council of the Marches of Court in Wales, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, at Wales*

Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That this House be called over on Saturday Cay next come Sevennight. _ House.

A Bill for altering the Oaths of Allegiance and Supre- Oaths of maev, was read the First time. Allegiance

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time To- and supre-morrow Morning. mac-'

A Bill for repeal ing the Act for governing Corporations, Repealing was read the First time. Act for

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time To- governing morrow Morning. Corporations.

The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- go j mittee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Bill granting a for granting a present Aid to his Majesty, was read. present Aid.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Atkins and Suspending Sir Edward Nevill; Habeas

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sept you down a Bill Corpus, they lately received from you, intituled, An Act for impowering his Majesty to apprehend and detain such Persons as he shall find just Cause to suspect are conspiring against the Government, with an Amendment thereunto:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Messengers withdrew.

The Amendment was read; and is as followeth:

Press die ist. 1. 6. fill up the Blank with these W ords,

" the Lords Spiritual and Temporal."

The

Removing

Papists.

Supply Bill; granting & present Aid.

Graham and

Burton's

Accounts.

Warrant for apprehendin & person to be named*

The House attends His Majesty.

44

*7°- — 8° Martii. . A. 1688.

The said Amendment was twice more read. The Order for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Supply Bill;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords mittee of the whole House, to proceed further upon the grautln(5

in the said Amendment Bill for granting a present Aid to his Majesty, was read. l"esent Ald-

Ordered, That Sir Tko. Littleton do go up to the Lords, Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House, Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee,

in the said Amendment. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry up the Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole;

said Bill with him, with the said Message. House, That they had made a considerable Progress in

the Bill for granting a present Aid to his Majesty: And A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Dolben and that they had directed him to move the House, that the Sir Edward Neoill. House would again, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further which has passed their House, intituled, An Act for the in the Consideration thereof.

Removing of Papists, and reputed Papists, from the City Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, , 1 -

ot London, and/Uestminster, and Ten Miles distance from at Eight a Clock, resolve itself into'a Committee of the the same: To which they desire the Concurrence of this whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of House. the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty.

And then the Messengers withdrew:

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill for granting a present Aid to his Majesty; and that, they had directed him to move the House, That the

House would, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to would be much increased by the Kindness you shew to proceed further thereupon. Me, and the Zeal you express for the pubiiek Good, in

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, the Address you have made; which in the Manner, as at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of well as the Matter, hath every Thing in it, that ought to the whole House, tjo proceed in the further Consideration recommend it to Me. . M 1

of the Bill for granting a present Aid to his Majesty. I will assure you, that I will never abuse the Confidence

you shall put in Me; being fully persuaded, that there is Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred no sure Foundation of a good Agreement between a King to examine the Cases of Mr. Graham and Mr. Burton, and his People, but by a mutual Trust. When that is and the other Prisoners in the Tower, Newgate, and the once broken, a Government is half dissolved. It shall Gatehouse; and to prepare Accusations, as they Should therefore be my chief Care never to give any Parliament find Occasion; have Power to send for Persons, Papers, Cause to distrust Me: And the best Method I can use for and Records. that Purpose, is, never to expect any Thing from Them,

but That which shall be their own Interest to grant. '

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to I came hither for the Good of the Kingdom; and,

; the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to apprehend since it is at your Desire that I am in this Station, I shall a Person, to be to him nominated by the Chairman of the still pursue the same Ends that brought Me.

Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the w hole God hath been pleased to make Me instrumental to Matter of Fact touching the Bailing of Mr. Brent, who redeem you from the Ills you feared; and it is still My was committed for High Treason; and particularly to Desire, as well as My Duty, to endeavour to preserve examine Sir James Smith touching the same; for such your Religion, Laws, and Liberties: Which were the Person’s Breach of Privilege of this House, in refusing only Inducements that brought Me into England: And to attend the said Committee, touching the Matters to those I ascribe the Blessings that have attended this aforesaid. Undertaking.

When I spoke last to you, I told you of the Necessity

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow of assisting our Allies; and more especially the States of Morning, Eight of the Clock. Holland', whose Readiness to relieve you (at their so great

Hazard and Expence) from the Extremities you lay under, needs no other Arguments, to move you to the-Consideration of it.

As I was then a Witness of their Zeal, and Affection to promote the Expedition, and to second my Endeavours, even with a Neglect of their own Safety, so I am now sensible of the inevitable Ruin they have drawn upon

IN order for the House’s attending his Majesty with themselves by giving you this Assistance, if you Should the Address of both Houses, not return it to them.

The House adjourned till Ten of the Clock this They have really exhausted themselves to such a De-Morning. gree, both as to Men and Money, that it is not easily to

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to Whitehall be imagined: And I am confident your Generosity will accordingly: And being returned; have as little Bounds towards them, as theirs had towards

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That the House you; and that you will not only enable Me to make had attended his Majesty with their Address, agreed upon good the Treaty with them, and repay what they- have by both Houses; and that, after the same was presented, actually laid out upon this Occasion, of which an Ac4 his Majesty was pleased to make a Speech to both Houses; compt shall be given to you, but that you will further which was very long: And that therefore he had (to support them, to the utmost of your Ability, against tha avoid any Mistakes concerning it) desired a Copy of it; Power of their Enemies; who must be yours too, by their Which he Should have presently; and then would report Interest, and by their Religion; and do certainly design the same to the House. 1 the Ruin of be a Step to your Destruction.

- . I need

Veneris, 8* die Martii; l° Willielmi ct Maria;.

Prayers.

A Motion being made, that the House do adjourn; Arfj. um-Upon a Question put, That the House do adjourn ment. accordingly; -

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, that he had now The Kin»’» obtained a Copy of his Majesty’s Speech: And lie read: sPe',fh the same to the House; and is as followeth: reported.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

IF any tiling could add to the Esteem anil Affection I have for Parliaments, and uafticuarly for This, they

The King's Speech to be considered.

Privilege of Witnesses.

Supply Bill; granting a present Aid.

Leave of Absence.

Printing the Votes.

i W. & M. 8* — 9* —

I need not take Pains to tell you the deplorable Condition of Ireland, which, by the Zeal and Violence of the Popish Party there, and by the Assistance and Encouragements they have from France, is brought to that Pass, that it is not adviseable to attempt the Reducing of it otherwise, than by a very considerable Force; which, I think, ought not to be less than Twenty thousand Horse and Foot: Which by the Blessing of God will make the Work shorter, and, in consequence, the Charge easier, though the first Expence of Necessity must be very great.

You are to consider, that, towards the more speedy and effectual Success in relation to Ireland, as well as with a regard to France, there must be such a Fleet, as may, in Conjunction with the States, make us so entirely Masters of the Sea, that nothing can be sent from France, either to Ireland, or any-where else, that may give Disturbances to Us, or Our Allies.

I must also recommend the Consideration of the Revenue to you, that it maybe so settled, as that it may be collected without Dispute.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

These Things will amount to a great Sum; and must, of consequence, be a present Weight upon the People: But, considering that neither your Religion, nor your Safety, can probably be secured without these Means, I conclude, you will think nothing can be too great a Price for their Preservation: And I will engage My solemn Word to you that whatever you shall give, in order to these publick Ends, shall be strictly applied to them; and that, as you so freely offer to hazard all that is dear to you, so I shall as freely expose My Life for the Support of the Protestant Religion, and the Safety and Honour of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock, take into Consideration his Majesty’s Speech.

Resolved, That it is the undoubted Right of this House, that all Witnesses summoned to attend this House, or any Committee appointed by it, have the Privilege of this House, in coming, staying, and returning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 9’ Marlii, 1688.

Pk AYERS.

THE Order for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for granting a present Aid to his Majesty, w as read.

Mr. Speaker lelt the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they having taken the Bill for granting a present Aid to his Majesty into their further Consideration, they had gone through the same; and had made several Amendments therein, and added several Clauses and Provisoes; and that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that the Bill with such Amendments, Clauses, and Provisoes, might be reported on Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That Mr. Hamden make his Report on Tuesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. have Leave to go

into the Country, for his Health.

A Motion was made, that Sir Rob. have Leave

to go into the Country:

And the Question being put that such Leave be granted him;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made (according to the Order of Thursday last) that the Votes of this House may be printed: Vot-X.

45

A long Debate arose thereupon:

And the Question being proposed, That the Votes be printed accordingly;

The previous Question was put, that That Question be now put:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas :{J£ } 145-

Teller, for tf.eNoe,:(*;J^rerf<,*'OT’ \ .80.

So it was resolved in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 11* die Martii, 1688,

Prayers.

SOME of the Members of this House, who had not Members before taken the Oaths, and repeated and subscribed take Oaths, the Declaration, according to the several Acts for that Purpose, did take, repeat, and subscribe the same.

The Order of the Day, for the House to take into The King's Consideration his Majesty’s Speech, and particularly the Speech con, Revenue, was read. sidered.

A Motion was made, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill; to annex the Duchy of Lancaster to the Crown of England: '

And the Question being put, that it be referred to a Committee, to consider of the State of the Pucliy of Lancaster;

It was resolved in the Negative,

A Motion was made, that the Petition of the Planters and others, concerned in their Majesties Sugar Plantations in America, presented to this House the Twenty-eighth of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now read; that the same might be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House; who are to take into Consideration his Majesty's Speech, and particularly the Revenue;

The Question was put, That the said Petition be now read;

And it was resolved in the Negative,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Atkyns and Reversing Sir Edir. Am//; Lord Russell’s

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill; tta,n er the Title of it is, An Act for annulling and making M void

The Order of Yesterday, that this House would, this The King’s Morning, at Eleven a Clock, take into Consideration his Speech to b« Majesty's Speech, was read. considered.

And a Motion being made, that the House would on Monday Morning, at Nine a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration his Majesty’s Speech;

An Addition was proposed to be made thereunto, of these Words, " and particularly the Revenue; and nothing to intervene,"

Resolved, That those Words be added to the Question.

Resolved, That this House will, on Monday Morning next, at Nine a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration his Majesty’s Speech; and particularly the Revenue; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Cause, touching the Election and Sanm* Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for Electiw>-the Borough of Old Sarum in the County of which was appointed to be heard, at the Bar of this House, on Monday next, be put off until Wednesday next, at Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon; and be then heard.

11° Ma.

i i0 — izp-^-b'S° Martin 16 & 8-

King* Speech considered,

Revenue of the Crown,

void the Attainder of William Russell, Esquire, commonly called Russell: To which they desire the Concur-

rence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hen. Capell,

Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Dalben, Mr. Mr.

wen, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Thomas Clarges, Sir Rend. Gwyn, Major Wildman, Mr. Attorney General, Sir John

Guise, Mr. Wharton, Mr. NSir Rich. Temple,

Sir Edward Russell, Sir HenGoodrich, Sir Fra/icis

Russell, Sir Jos. Tredonham, Col. Sidney, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Sir

John Holt, Sir Wm.Gregory, Mr. Howe, Mr. Somers, Mr. Hen. Herbert, Mr. Done, Mr. Leveson Gozvre, Lord Colchester, Lord Wiltshire, Mr. Finch, Sir Win. Herbert, Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Colt: And they are to meet at Five of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send. for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker leave the Chair.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had token into Consideration his Majesty's Speech; and particularly some Consideration of that Part thereof which related to the Revenue; and that they thought fit to come to a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and delivered the same in at th£ Clerk’s Table: Where the same being again read, is as followeth;

Resolved, Nendnecontradicente. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill, That all those Branches of the Revenue, which were due and payable, by Law, in the Reigns of King Charles the Second, and King James the Second, be collected to the Use and Service of the Crown, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1689, as by Law they might have been during either of those Reigns; with a Clause to indemnify all such as have collected any Part of the aforesaid Branches, since the Fifth Day of November 1688, and before the Thirteenth Day of February then next ensuing.

The said Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee; and accordingly doth order, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, That all those Branches of the Revenue which were due and payable, by Law, in the Reigns of King Charles the Second, and King James the Second, be collected, to the Use and Service of the Crown, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1680, as by Law they might have been during either of those Reigns; with a Clause, to indemnify all such as have collected any Part of the aforesaid Branches, since the Fifth Day of November 1688, and before the Thirteenth Day of February then next ensuing.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare and bring in a Bill, according to the said Resolve.

Mr. Hamden also acquainted the House, That the Committee of the whole House had directed him to move the House, That the House would, on Wednesday Morning next, again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration his Majesty’s Speech.

Resolved, That this House do, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration his Majesty’s Speech.

And. then the House adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mart is, 12° Marlii; i° Willielmi ct Mariae.

Prayers.

MR. Hamden reports from the Committee of the Supply Bill;

whole House, the Bill for granting a present Aid granting a to his Majesty, with the Amendments, Clauses and Pro- Present Aid. visoes, agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the several Amendments, Clauses, and Provisoes, were read.

And several of the said Amendments, being again se- ’ verally read, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned, till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Ordered, That Captain Trekrwneyhave Leave to go Leave of into the Country, to attend his Majesty’s Service. Absence.

Ordered, That the Cause touching the Election and 9ld Sarum Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament Election, for the Borough of Old Sarumin the County of Wilts, which was appointed to be heard, at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock, be put off until Thursday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock; and be then heard.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 13° die Marlii; i° Willielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded in the further Considera- Supply Bill;

tien of the Report of the Bill lor the granting a granting a present Aid unto his Majesty. — present Aid.

But the House was informed, That the Sheriffs of Lon- Address from don were attending at the Door, with some Business to be the City of communicated to this House; and also, that Mr. Recorder London.

of the said City, and One of the Members of the House, together with the Four Members of the House that serve for the City, were appointed also to attend the House:

Upon which, a Debate arose in the House, in what,

Manner the Sheriffs Should be brought in; whether by the Serjeant, with the Mace to the Bar; and, in such case, whether the Members of the House Should come with them to the Bar:

The House agreed, that the Sheriffs be conducted in by the Serjeant, with the Mace, to the Bar; and that Members of the House ought not to be brought to the Bar, unless when they are accused of any Crime.

Resolved, That the Sheriffs be called in.

The Serjeant with the Mace, called them in: And, as soon as they came within the Door, they made their Obeisance; and again, in the Middle of the Passage; and a Third time, at the Bar, which was put down: And standing without the Bar, the Serjeant, with the Mace, being on their Right Hand, Sir Humphrey Ethe Senior Sheriff-, spake to this Effect:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lord Mayor, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, the Eighth Instant, to make our Applications to this honourable House with an Address: And, if you think fit to command me, I will read it.

And Mr. Speaker directed him so to do; -He read the same: And afterwards delivered the same, at the Bar, to the Clerk of the House, to be brought to the Table,

And then they w ithdrew, making the like Obeisances as they did coming in.

The

Answer to Address.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Supply Bill; glinting a present Aid.

iW.&M.

13° — 14°

The Address was again read ;t apd,- is. as folio weth; f, That the Bill, so amended, a? aforesaid, wit!)

The honourable Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in the Clauses and Provisoes agreed untp by t)ie House, be Parliament assembled; 8 "®r"88«>-

WE the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, presume to address ourselves to this honourable House, with our most humble Thanks for your excellent Conduct of Affairs in this Time of our great Exigency and Extremity, when our Lives, our Religion, ana our Estates, were so eminently threatened; and especially, for your Address to his Majesty, the fifth Instant, declaring your Resolution to assist and stand by his Majesty, in supporting his Allies abroad, in reducing Ireland, and in Defence of the Protestant Religion, and Laws of this Kingdom- Dated at Guild Hall, 8 March, 1688.

By Order of Common Council,

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be returned to the City of London for the said Address; and that the same be signified by Mr. Speaker, in the Chair, to the Sheriffs: And that they be called in for that Purpose.

The Sheriffs being again introduced to the Bar, in like Manner as before; Mr. Speaker gave them the Thanks of the House, as followeth;

Gentlemen,

THE House hath considered of the Address you have presented from the City of London; and have commanded me to return you this Answer:

That they have taken Notice of the most eminent Courage and Constancy the City hath shewed in this late Resolution, and the Services they have done to the whole Kingdom on this Occasion; and particularly, the advancing so considerable Sum of Money, as was lent by you to his Majesty upon his first coming hither, at a Time when the Condition of the Affairs of this Kingdom did so much require it.

I am further commanded to tell you, That this House doth accept of your Address with great Kindness, and do give you their hearty Thanks for the same; with this further Assurance, That your Care for the Publick shall never fail of receiving from them the like Returns.

And then they again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Address, and the Thanks of this House given by Mr. Speaker for the same, be printed; and that Mr. Speaker direct the Printing thereof, and the nominating the Printer.

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to punish Mutineers, and Deserters from the Arniy, for a limited time.

And it is referred unto Sir , Sir John

Guise, Mr. Herbert, Sir I I'm Sir Tho. Lee, Major General Kirke, Sir Goodrich, Mr. Done,

Mr. Sueluverell, Mr. Hamden, Major Manley, Sir John

Lordlier, Mr. Sommers, Col. Tipping, Mr.

, Col. Trelawney, Mr. Colt, Major Sir John

Holt, or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to prepare the Bill, and bring the same in with all convenient Speed.

Then the House proceeded in the Consideration of the Report of the Bill for the granting a present Aid to his Majesty, and the several Clauses and Provisoes added thereunto, and made Part of the Bill.

And the Residue of the Amendments, with the Clauses and Provisoes, being again severally read, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause was proposed to be added to the Bill: Which was brought to the Table: and there read.

Resolved, That the Clause be read a Second time.

The Clause was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill-

Other Amendments, and a Proviso, were also severally proposed to be made, and added to the Rill: But, upon reading the same; and the Question severally put thereupon; were rejected.

Vol. X

A Petition of many Seamen belonging to his.Majeiity’s Seamen of Ship Greenwich; and the Articles thereunto annexed, jj1* Sh*P signed by the said Seamen; was offered. reenwich.

Resolved, That the Seamen be called ip, to own the Petition.

And being called in; and shewed the Petition and Articles; they owned their Hands thereunto;

And withdrew.

The Petition and Articles were read.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Matter of the said Petition, and the Articles thereunto annexed.

And it is referred unto Major Manly, Lord Wilts, Col.

Russell, Mr. Garway, CoL Birch, Major Wildman, Mr.

Colt, Sir John Chichly, Sir Rob. Howard, Col. Churchill,

Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Guise, Sir Win. Gregory, Sir Hen.

Capell, Sir Fra.Drake, Mr. Arnold, Sir Rod. Gwyne, Mr.

Howe, Sir Hen. Gtiodrick, Lord Falkland, Mr. Williams,

Mr. Somers, Sir Win. Ashurst, Mr. Done, Sir Treden-ham, Mr. Hamden, and all the Members of this House, that are Commissioners of the Admiralty, and that serve for the Port Towns: And they are to meet at Four a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records:

And they are*to report the Matter to the House with all convenient Speed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, KinS’* at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of considered.* the w hole House, to take into Consideration his Majesty's Speech.

And then, upon the Question put for adjourning, the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,

Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 14° die Martii; i® Willighni el Marias.

RATERS.

ABIL L brought in by Mr. Sand ford, for the better Preventing Prevention of the Exportation of Wool, was read export of the First time. Wool‘

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Cause touching the Election and Return of Bur- Old Sarum gesses to serve for the Borough of Old Sarum in the Election. County of Wilts, came on to be heard at the Bar.

And Counsel on both Sides w ere heard thereupon.

And being withdrawn;

And the Question being put, That there hath been a due Election of Members to serve for the said Borough of Old Sarum in the County of Wilts;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Right of electing, and returning Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum in the County of Wilts, is in the Freeholders, being Burgage-holders, of the said Borough.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum in the Coupty of 1 lilts', the former Election being by this Hquse resolved not to be duly made.

The House then, according to the Order of Yesterday, Supply,

resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration his Majesty’s Speech.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some further Progress in the

Consideration

48 14° — 150 Martii. A. 1688.

Consideration of his Majesty’s Speech, and particularly that Part thereof, which related to Holland; and that the Committee had directed him to acquaint the House, That there had been an Accompt, delivered in to the Committee,*of the Charges laid out by the Dutch, in the Expedition for England: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That the Accompt be read.

The Accompt was read; and is as followeth;

Accompt of the Charges laid out in the Expedition for England;

THE Charges of the Fleet, ac-j cording to the same Accompt, which I F.

has been delivered to the States Ge->2,288,464-----

neral, Ultimo Februarii, 1688-9, -V- (

do amount to - - - -J

The most Part of this Fleet having’ since been continued in Service; so that the 22th March 1 688-y, N. Six Ships have been at Sea to carry back

several Goods left at Excester, and txn 189,616---

transport his Majesty's Baggage:

Which, being taken for half a Month's Charges of the whole Fleet, does amount to -

The Loss of Two Ships, the Bome/l

and Akerboom, with 42 Guns, and all I

that was in the first; some few Goods 59>5°°

only being saved out of the Akerboom Provisions, Oats, Hays, Casks, S Saddles, making of Stables, and other Charges laid out at Amsterdam, and \ Qr

upon the Coast of the South Sea,( *80,000 where the Forces have been embarked

till their Depart from the Texe

The Freight of the Merchant Ships that carried over the Forces, and all what belonged to it from the 1 o° Oct'

1688, S. N. till Ihe 1 ith Marc, being hindered to return by reason of the great Frost, to the Places where, according to Agreement, they were to be discharged, amounts

F.

Tor Amsterdam, every Mth. 157,000 For Rotterdaimevery Month 84,000

And, in all, for 6 Months, and ±Part 1,245,000

Some of these, accidentally cast away and damaged in the River of Excester, and also taken by the.

French, at nearest Guess (for, about/ this, an Agreement must be made with the Owners) will come to -Provisions bought, when the Fleet by Storm was drove back; and other Charges paid at Rotterdam, Dort,

Willemstadt, Helvoet Sluys -

For Pilots, hesides those that served in the Thames, and lesser Charges of Pilots, taken for the whole Voyage, and the like ..

The Artillery, Ammunition, smalt"

Arms, that shah not be brought back; as also, for the Deterioration of it; and other Charges laid out by the States of Holland - - -.

Freight to the Fisher boats that landed the Forces from 1 o Oct' till 10 Feb'; with the Loss of Six of them Payment of the general Officers of Foot, Horse, Dragoons, Artillery -Charges of the Artillery, Hospital,

-and several others -

Payment for French Protestant Officers, divided amongst the Regiments of Horse and Foot -Freight for a great N umber of Boats -taken up for the bringing of the Forces, first to the general Rendezvous, and afterwards aboard the great Ships -

60,000 —

175,000 -

44,500 -

47,88o —

161,989 6 8 85,612 19 8

77,346 -

66,960-----

Quartering of Horse, Dragoon, and Foot Soldiers.

For Carts and Waggons, that followed the Army -Horses bought, instead of those that were lost by the Storm -Several Charges to those which followed his Majesty, and to the

Forces that came over; and also the Raising of the Regiments of the Right honourable the Lord Sir

Rob. Peyton, and Sir and

others -

Payment to the Horse and Dragoons - -

Foot Soldiers - -

What has been paid to several Princes for the Charges of raising and sending their Forces, together with their ordinary Payment, amounts to -Summa Totalis

89,624 2 —

169,911-----

81,264-----

) 250,000-----

39L430

53L205

19 8

1,100,000 —

7,301,322

A Motion being made for a Supply to be given to his Majesty, to delray the Charges laid out by the Dutch in the Expedition for England.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will,

Tomorrow Morning, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take that Motion into Consideration, and nothing to intervene.

A Bill for altering the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir John Lcrwther, Mr. JVogan, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Sommers, Sir IV Gregory, Sir Rob. Clayton, Sir Tho. Lee, Major Mr. Dalben, Sir Patience JVard, Col. Birch, Mr. Hamden, Sir H. Capell, Major Manley, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Gzoyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Inner Court of Wards: And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That they bring in a Clause for taking away the Oath in the Act touching the Militia.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for amoving of Papists, and reputed Papists, from the Cities of London and Westminster, and Ten Miles Distance from the same, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Gregory, Mr. Dalben, Mr. Wogan, Sir Christopher -grave, Major Wildman, Mr. Done, Major Manley, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir John Holt, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Love, Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Sir Rmcland Guyn,

Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Patience Ward, Mr. Finch, Mr. Philip Foley, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Gzcyne, Mr. Attorney General, Sir John Knight, Mr. Eyres, Col. Birch, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Blaket, Sir Rob. Clayton, Alderman Pilkington, and all the Members of this House who serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwarke: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Cotton and Sir John Moreton have Leave to go into the Country.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

O’ O

Veneris, 15° die Martii; i° Willielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

A BILL to enable Younger Cooke, Esquire, to sell Lands to pay his Debts, and provide for his younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

24 A Petition

Oaths of Al« legiance and Supremacy.

Removing

Papist*.

Leave of

Absence.

Cooke's

Estate.

At>fa*ge

Duty?

Leave of Aj&ence.

Frviving Proceedings at Law.

Mutiny of Soldiers at iptwich.

W.tf M.

15® Martii.

4S>

A Petition of divers Clothiers of the Cotihty of Glou* cesler, complaining of diyers Abuses committed by the Aulnagers, was read.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Matter of the said Petition.

And it is referred to Sir John Guise, Sir Ralph , Sir H nt. Cooke, Mr. Sanefjord, Mr. England, Mr. Hogan, Sir John Barker, Sir Rob. Dovers, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Lace, Mr. Trajjord, Mr. Ash, Col. Blowfield, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Tho. Pot ay, Mr. Patten, Mr. Mr.

Dili, Col. Birch, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Pelham,

Sir John Halt, Sir Cha. Ranelagh, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Etrick, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Hales, Sir Rob. Sir

Hobart, Mr. Liddell, Mr. Fuller, Sir H. Goodrich, Sir John Key, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Brewer, Alderman Pilking-hn, Sir /I’m. IJoncyuvcd, Sir James Oxenden, Mr. John

Knutchbuil, Sir John Thompson, Mr. Thomson, and all the Members of this Mouse, that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Sommerset, York, Ncrjolk, H ills, and the £'ty of Norwich; and all that come are to have

Voices: And they are to meet in the Exchequer Chamber 'l o-morrow in the Afternoon, at l our a Clock: And to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, that they Jake into their Examination and Consideration the Abuses relating to the Aulnage in general.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldxcyn have Lfeave to go into the Country.

Sir John Holt reports from the Committee to whom the Rill for lie-continuing and Reviving of Actions and Process lately depending in the Courts at Westminster, and curing other Defects, w as referred, that they, having taken the same into their Consideration, had thought tit to make several Amendments to the same; and to add several Clauses: The which Amendments he read in his Place with the Coherence; and also, in his Place, read the said Clauses; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read throughout; and afterwards, again one by one; and, upon the Question, severally put therein, was agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to make good all Bail Bonds, taken by Persons acting as Sheriffs, although not legally qualified, since the First of November, 1687; and all Recognizances, taken since the 11th Day of December last, by any of the Justices of the Courts at Westminster; and for the inrolling them in next Easter Term; and to make good all Commitments by any the said Judges, since the Eleventh Ddy of December; and to make the same as available, as if the same had been done by lawful Sheriffs, as Judges:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be Part of the Rill.

Another Clause was offered, to prevent Elapses, by reason the Chancery was not open since the 1 otb Day of December, in respect of Avoidance of Churches, and the Statute for Limitation of Actions:

And the same was tvricj read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be Part of the Rill.

Another Clause was offered, for the Indemnifying of all such as had been concerned in collecting the Revenue, except Papists:

And, upon the Question put concerning it, the same

was rejected.

Resolved, That the Bill, so amended, with the said Clauses, agreed to by the House, be ingrossed.

Mr. Herbord, One of his Majesty's most honourable

Privy Council, acquainted the House, That his Majesty having commanded several Regiments of Foot to repair to the Sea-side, under the Command of the Lord Churchill, amongst the rest, w as pleased to command the Regiment now under the Command of Monsieur Schombergh, formerly under the Command of the Lord Dunbarton, that Vol. X.

they Should do so; which were ajreat Body, about 1,300 of 1,400 Meh: And that, at the Market-place of Two Captains with Grenadiers fell a-disarming of the Officers, seizing upon the Ammunition and the Money that was sent down to pay them off; and, when they had done, fell a-firing of Musquets, to shew the Disorder they would be in: That 800 of them marched away with Four Pieces of Cannon; and, when they came Half a Mile out of Ipswich, they declared James their King; and that

they would march to the North, and live and die by him: There is an Account, that divers Fusileers that are to join with them; and that there are great Endeavours from the Northern Parts of England to prepare the Papists to receive them. That he having been at a Committee of the Council, he was desired to acquaint the House with itand that, in Probability, there is 1,500 Men in Arms, and Money for them to sublist withaL

A Debate arose thereupon.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an Address be presented to his Majesty, to desire him to take effectual Care to suppress the Soldiers that are now in Rebellion; and to issue his Proclamation to declare them, and all that adhere to them, to be Rebels and Traitors.

And it is referred to Mr. Hamden, Sir Rob. Howard,

Major IVildman, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Harbord,'

Mr. Foley, Mr. Finch, Sir H. Capell, Colonel Birch, Sir

Goodrick, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir John Lowlher, And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber; and prepare the said Address, upon the Debate of the House; and present the same to the House with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That Colonel Tipping, have Leave to gp to Leave of Portsmouth to his Command there. Abiaflea.

Ordered, That all the Officers of the Army, who are Members of this House, have Leave to go to their several Commands.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to Message to acquaint them, that this House intends to sit sonie time Lord- u> con-longer; and to desire their Lordships, that they will please Unu* to do so too.

Ordered, That the Lord Wiltshire do gp with the Message.

Ordered, That the Calling over the House, which wtis Call of tb* appointed to be done Tomorrow, be adjourned until House. To-morrow- Sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir John Knatchbull, Sir Edw. Acton, Lem of and Mr. Vivian, have Leave to go. into the Country. Absence

A Bill for the Making the Rivers Wye and Lugg, in the Wye, he. County of Herejord, navigable, was brought in by Mr. Navigation. Foley, according to an Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie on the Table.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit Committee!, this Afternoon, at the several Places formerly appointed.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee appointed to Address withdraw, to prepare an Address to be presented to his respecting Majesty, that they had prepared an Address accordingly: "* uUnJ* Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth:

WE your Majesty’s dutiful and loyal Subjects, the

and Commons, in Parliament assembled, having received Information, that divers Officers and Soldiers are in actual Rebellion, and levying War within this Kingdom, against Your Majesty; and that divers other Soldiers, and traiterously-affected Persons, both within this Kingdom, and elsewhere, are corresponding with, and adhering to, those Rebels and Traitors; do therefore most humbly Beseech your Majesty, to take such effectual Course, as to your Majesty’s Wisdom shall seem meet, for the speedy Suppression

N and

Leave of Absence.

Supply.

Message from Lords, concurring ill Address.

50 150 — 16* Martii.

eod brisling to Justice the Persona guilty thereof, with tfreir Adherents. And that, in mean time, Your Majesty will be pleased to issue forth Your Royal Proclamation, declaring those Persons, and their Adherents, to be Rebels and Traitors; and requiring all your good Subjects to apprehend and prosecute them as such; that none may pretend Ignorance of their Duty by Law in this -Case. The Effect of such Warning, we doubt not, will be a just Terror to Your Enemies, and an Encouragement to Your Majesty’s loyal and faithful Subjects.

And we do humbly assure Your Majesty, that, in further Prosecution of that End, we shall be, at all times, ready to give Your Majesty our humble Advice and Assistance, when Your Majesty shall be pleased to require it

Revoked, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to the said Address.

Ordered, That do cany up the Address to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis and Sir Thomas

Hervey have Leave to go into the Country.

The House then, according to the Order of Yesterday, upon the Question put, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration a Motion then made, for a Supply to be given, to enable his Majesty to defray the Charges laid out by the Dutch, in the Expedition for England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, that, they having taken into Consideration the Motion made Yesterday, for a Supply to be given, to Wtable his Majesty to defray the Charges laid out by the JDutch, in the Expedition for England, they had come to a Resolution concerning the same: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, is as followeth:

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it is the Opinion

of this Committee, that a Supply be given to his Majesty, not exceeding the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to defray the Charges laid out by the Dutch, in the Expedition for England.

The said Resolve being again read;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that a Supply be given to his Majesty, not exceeding the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to defray the Charges laid out by the Dutch, in the Expedition for England.

Mr. Hamden also acquainted the House, That he was directed, by the Committee, to move the House; and moved, accordingly; That the House would, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take further Consideration of his Majesty’s Speech.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, 'at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into-a Committee of the whole House, to take further Consideration of his Majesty’s Speech.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edward Nevill and Mr. Whitlock;

Mr. Speaker, We are sent by the Lords to acquaint this House, that the Lords have concurred in the Address sent from this House; and that they have appointed Two Lords to go presently to Hampton Court, to wait upon his Majesty with it: and that their Lordships do desire, that this House will appoint a proportionable Number of their Members to go with them;

And then the Messengers withdrew.

j Resolved, That Four Members of this House do go with the Lords to wait upon his Majesty with the Address.

Resolved, That the Lord Wiltshire, Mr. Sidney, Mr. Wharton, and Sir Henry Capell, do go with the Lords to wait upon, his Majesty with the Address.

20

And the Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker Acquainted them therewith.

And then the House adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabhati, 16* die Martii; 1° Willielmi ct Maria;.

Praters.

A BILL for making the Rivers Wye and Lugg, in Wye., &c.

the County of Hereford, navigable, was read the Navigation, First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Disarming and bring in a Bill for the more speedy Conviction and Papists. Disarming of Papists.

And it is referred to Mr. Hamden, Lord Falkland, Sir Rich. Temple, Lord Commissioner Maynard, Mr. Colt,

Mr. Eyifes, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Wogan, Mr. Somers, Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Foley, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Attorney General; or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Hen. Capell acquaints the House, That, according Answer to to their Order of Yesterday, the Lord Wiltshire, Mr. Address. Sidney, Mr. Wharton, and He, went to Hampton Court:

Where they found the Earl of Oaf and Lord Lore-lace, from the Lords, to present the Address, agreed upon by both Houses, to his Majesty; and that, accordingly, they presented the same; and that the Earl of O.ijo/d read it to his Majesty: That his Majesty was, thereupon, pleased to say, " That he Should be very ready and careful to give such Orders, as the Lords and Commons Should desire: And that he had already appointed Three Regiments of Horse, and his own Regiment of Dragoons, with Orders to stop them and bring them to their Duty: And, if that they will not submit, then to fall upon them." And his Majesty did immediately send Directions to his Attorney General, for the preparing a Proclamation, according as was desired in the Address.

Sir Henry Capell reports from the Committee to whom nursing the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lor is, for the Annulling and Making void the Attainder of William Russell, ,ll,s el, s Esquire, commonly called Lord Russell, was referred, Atui"der-That the Committee had thought fit to make some Amendments to the Bill: Which he read in his Place,

with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s-Table: Where the same being read, are as followeth:

L. 23, between the Word " Lands" and the Word " Goods," insert the Word " Hereditaments."

And, at the End of the Bill, to add these Words,

" And, to the End that Right be done to the Memory of the deceased Lord Russel, aforesaid, Be it further enacted,

That all Records and Proceedings, relating to the said

O ' O —

Attainder, be wholly cancelled, and taken off the File, or otherwise defaced and obliterated, to the Intent the same may not be visible in After-ages: And that, at the next Sessions of Goal-delivery, to be holden for the City of London, the said Records and Proceedings shall be brought into the Court; and then and there taken off from the File, and cancelled."

The Amendments, being twice more read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Bill do pass, thus amended.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Capell do carry up the Bill, with the Amendments, to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Petition

t W. y M.

t6° — -iS6 M

Si

Fiuharri*’ A Petition of Arm , Widow, Reliot Of

Co*. Edward Fitzharris, Esquire, was rtad.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, hear Mrs. Fitzharris, and such Witnesses, as shall be then produced, touching the Matter of the said Petition.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan have Leave to go into

Absence. the CoUIltrV.

Ordered, That, for the future, no Member of this House have Leave to go into the Country, without limiting a Time when he is to return.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmer have Leave to go into the Country, until Easter next.

Ordered, That Sir Boucher IVray have Leave to go into tine Country, for a Week.

Reversing A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Atkins and Lorunuaselt’s gjr Wm.Dolhen;

Aiuuid-i. Mr. Si)eaker, the Lords do concur in the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Annulling and making void the Attainder of U ni.Russell, Esquire, commonly called Lord Russell.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the Lord WmPawlet have Leave to go

beyond Sea, for a Month.

Resolved, That the House will now receive Mr. Soli-

Leave of Absence.

Oaths of

ila^uufe- c*for General's Report, touching the Bill for altering the

m~cy.

Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, were referred, That the Committee had thought fit to make several Amendments therein; and to add a Clause, pursuant to the Instructions given to them: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were all read over; and afterwards, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Pep^rt from Sir Joseph Trcdcnliam reports from the Grand Com-(onmiitteeof mitteeof Grievances, That the Committee had come to R«tnnngS a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to Corporations, the House, with the first Opportunity: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being read, is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that a Bill or Bills be brought in to restore all Bodies Politick and Corporate, in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of 1leruickupon Tweed, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, to the State and Condition they were in on the Twenty-ninth Day of May 1660; and to confirm the Liberties and Franchises, which' at that Time, they respectively held and enjoyed.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding, after the Word "belonging," these Words, "and New England, and other Plantations."

Resolved, That those Words be added to the said Resolve.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, so amended: And accordingly doth order, that a Bill, or Bills, be brought in to restore «11 Bodies Politick and Corporate, in die Kingdom of England, Dominion of and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, and New England, and odier the Plantations, to the State and Condition they were in on die Twenty-ninth Day of Mayib(io; and to confirm the Liberties and Franchises, which, at that Time, they respectively held and enjoyed.

Vol. X.

A Message from the King, by Sir Thomas Duppa, Royal Assenl Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; to dill*.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, and the House, went to Attend his Majesty,

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted die House, That his Majesty had passed the Bill for impowering his Majesty to apprehend and detain such Persons, as he shall find just Cause to suspect are conspiring against the Government: And the Bill for annulling, and making void, the Attainder of William Russell, Esquire, commonly called Lord Russell:

And that he made a Speech to bodi Houses; of which he obtained a Copy: Which he read; and is as followeth:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

N OW I have the Occasion of coming hither to pass King’* this Bill, which I hope will be for all our Safeties, I shall Speech, put you in mind of one thing, which will conduce' much to our Settlement; as a Settlement will, to the Disappointment of our Enemies.

1 am, with all the Expedition I can, filling up the Vacancies that are in Offices and Places of Trust, by this late Resolution.

I know you are sensible there is a Necessity of some Law, to settle the Oaths to be taken by all Persons to be admitted to such Places.

I recommend it to your care, to make a speedy Provision for it: And. as 1 doubt not but you will sufficiently provide against Papists, so I hope you will leave Room for the Admission ol’ all Protestants, that are willing and able to serve.

This Conjunction in My Service will tend to the better uniting you among yourselves, and the Strengthening you against your common Adversaries.

A Motion being made, that Sir Arthu Chichester have Leave of Leave to go into the Country; Absence.

And the Question being put, that he have such Leave;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Foley, Chairman of the particular Committee for The House to Grievances, acquaints the House, that there hath several giveDirec-Matters appeared to the Committee, relating to some Per- Uons where sons, Members of this House; and that therefore tie was directed by the Committee to take the Directions of die teeg collctrn. House, what was fit to be done therein. ingMembers.

And a Debate arose thereupon.

Resolved, That if any Member of the House refuse, upon being sent to, to come to give Evidence or Information, as a Witness, to a Committee, that the Committee ought to acquaint the House therewith, and not summon such Member to attend the Committee.

Resolved, That if any Information come before any Committee, that chargeth any Member of the House; the Committee ought only to direct, that the Hou^e be-, acquainted with the Matter of such Information, without proceeding further thereupon.

And then the House adjourned until Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 18° dMartii;

i* W-illielmi et Marne.

Prayers.

f~\RDERET), That Mr. Hening have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for a Month. Absence

An ingrossed Bill for granting a present Aid to his Supply Bill; Majesty, was read the Third time. granting a

Resolved, That die Bill do pass: And that the Title Pre*ent * thereof be, An Act for the Granting a present Aid to their Majesties.

Ordered,

5*

18* — 19®

A* 1688.

Ordered, That Mf. Hamden dfc cafry tip the Bill to Account that several Persons Were raising Forces in the

The Lords, for their Concurrence.

t)ath» Allegiance end Svpre-ttacy.

; An ingrossed Bill for altering the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, was read the Third time.

A Clause, ingrossed, was offered, as a Rider, to be made Part of the Bill, for such Persons who have been admitted into several Offices of Trust, since the Day of last; arid who, by reason of the Disorders of Affairs, did not receive the Sacrament, take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration, appointed by an Act made 25* Car.

That if such Persons shall, before the Day of Majesty's Speech.

next, take the Oaths, and subscribe the said Declaration, as by the said Act is required, they shall hold and enjoy their said Offices, indemnified from all Penalties or Disabilities whatsoever.

And the same was read.

Resolved, That the same be read a Second time.

The Clause was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Clause be rejected.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and establishing others in their Place.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamden do carry up the Bill to the

North, were at the Door;

Resolved, That they be called in.

And they being come in to the Bar; they gave the House what Information they had from the said Comins; and that he was Clerk to Mr. of the Temple.

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, King'*

at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the *,pee.'JI ’

- - -- conaideied.

whole House, to take further Consideration of his

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight a Clock.

- ..... — - — 3

Martis, 19° die;

I. Willielmi et Mariae.

Peateks.

ORDERED, That Sir Arthur Chichester have Leave of Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

information of raising Forces in the Is'orth.

Abolishing

Hearth-

money.

Lords^ for their Concurrence.

A Bill for punishing Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that one Comyns had a Letter, giving an Account, that several Persons were raising Forces in the North;

Ordered, That the said Comyns do attend the House Tomorrow Morning, touching the Matter of the said Information.

A Bill for taking away the Revenue arising by'Hearth-money, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bevlving An ingrossed Bill for Re-continuing of Actions and __________ __ ___ ______5

ProcessJately depending in the Courts of Westminster, Chewing a Knight of the Shire for the County

Ordered, That Colonel Earle have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Bigland have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That, for the future, all Motions of Leave for Members of this House to go into the Country, be made only between Ten and Twelve of the Clock,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to Wareham the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a Writ, for the Writ/ Choosing of a Burgess for the Borough of IVin the County of Dorset t,in the Room of George Reaves Esquire,

deceased. '

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to Nottingham the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a Writ, for the Writ.

Preventing export of Wool.

and curing other Defects, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for Reviving of Actions and Process, lately depending in the Courts at Westmhister, and discontinued by not Holding of Hillary Term; and for supplying other Defects relating to Proceedings at Law.

Ordered, That Sir John Holt do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Bill for the better Prevention of Exportation of Wool, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, unto Sir Hen. G Sir Jos.

1 Mr. Papillion, Mr. Harbord, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir JVm.

ham, in the room of the Lord Houghton, who is called up to the House of Lords.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Expiring what Laws are Temporary, and in Continuance, and Laws, what are fit to be continued, and what not.

And it is referred to Mr. Foley, Sir JVm. Ellis, Sir John Knight, Mr. Eldred, Mr. Parker, Mr. England, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Col. Birch, Sir Fra.Russell, Sir Rob. Cotton,

Mr. Done, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr.

Finch, Mr. Femvick, Mr. Papilion, Mr. Christy, Sir

John Knatchbull, Mr. Lamton, Sir John Holt, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Lord Falkland, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Thomson, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And

hams, Mr. Somers, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Solicitor General, they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Sir Cha.Rawleigh, Sir John Guise, Sir Ralph Dutton, Speaker’s Chamber, and to report to die House with all Mr LcvesotiGowre, Mr. Sandfmrd, Lord Digby Ur. Paul convenient Speed.

Foley, Mr. Chrtsty, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir John Knatchbull,

Mr. Hales, Sir John Holt, Mr. Chadwick, Sir Rich.Onslow,

Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr. Onslow, Sir H. Capell, Mr. JVogan,

Mr. Palmer, Mr. Done, Mr. Ash, Major Wildman, Sir

James Rushot, Sir John Bancks, Sir John Knight, Sir Walter

Young, Sir John Keys, Mr. Rebow, Lord Downe, Mr. Love,

Mr. Howe, Mr. Eyres, Col. Birch, Mr. Mansell, Phil.

Foley, Sir John Cutler, Mr. Reeves, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr.

Watson, Mr, Coleman, Sir Ediv. Harley, Col. Earle, Mr.

Dolben, Sir JVm.Gregory, Sir Fra.Drake, Mr. Foote, Sir John Cordell, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir JVm. Ashurst, Sir H.

Hobart, Mr. Boscowen, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr. Arnold,

Sir Ben. Newland, Lord Falkland, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Love,

Mr. Hellier, Mr. Hunt: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, this Afternoon.

Information The House being informed, that one , and the

Of raising Marquis of Winchesters Steward, who gave the In

Forces in the -__________* , rJL. ______

A Bill for the Exportation of Com and Grain was read Exporting the First time. Corn, &c.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Comyns, according inf0rmation to the Order of Yesterday, attended at the Door; given to the

Resolved, That he be called in House rec-

Mr. Comins came in; and gave an Account of the Letter tified" he had from Newcastle: But it proved, that the Representation of the Matter Yesterday was through a Mistake.

The House being informed, that one Llziyd, came j, person in Yesterday into the House, and sat there a considerable custody to be Time; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending the discharged. House had him in Custody;

And a Motion being made, for his Discharge;

Ordered, That he be brought to the Bar of the House Tomorrow Morning, to receive a Reprimand; and that

storth.

formation, touching Comins having a Letter, giving an thereupon he be discharged, paying his Fees,

A Message

Regulating T rials.

Revenue of the Crown, Jtc.

Foreign Proles Lints Nut4

Punishing Mutiny and Ptsertion.

i W. & M.

i p" — ao° Marlii.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and

Sir CresuellLeuyns;

Mr. Speaker, The Mouse of Lords, some Time since, sent you down a Bill, concerning Regulating of Trials, and they have sent us to put you in mmd of it.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, for the Regulating of Trials, be read Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

The Mouse then, according to the Order of Yesterday, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Mouse, to take further Consideration of his Majesty's Speech.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had taken further Consideration of his Majesty's Speech; and had come to several Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being again read, are as follows;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Mouse be moved, that they will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Revenue, and the constant necessary Charge of supporting the Crown.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That Sir Robert Howard be directed to bring in such Accounts and Estimates, as, upon tire Debate, he Should think necessary for the Service of the House in that Consideration.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Colonel Birch be directed to bring in, Tomorrow Morning, an Account of the Excise, according to his Books.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be likewise moved, to direct the Committee of the whole House, in the next place, to take into Consideration the State of Ireland.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House do, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Revenue, and the constant necessary Charge of supporting the Crown.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee; and doth direct, That Sir Robert Howard do bring in such Accompts and Estimates, as, upon the Debate, he shall think necessary for the Service of the House in that Consideration.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee; and doth direct, That Col. Birch do bring in, Tomorrow Morning, an Account of the Excise, accordr ing to his Books.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the House do, in the next place, take into Consideration the State of Ireland.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for a General Naturalization of all Foreign ^rotestants.

A Bril for punishing Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, was read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Garway, Sir John Lowther, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir £dw. Harley, Lord Falkland, Sir Musg rave,

Sir H.Goodrick, Sir Wm. Williams, Sir Tho. Clargts, Lord

Banclagh, Mr. Bosoowen, Mr. Done, Major Manley, Sir

John Guise, SirRoE Nappier,(Col. Birch, Mr. Somers, Mr.

J*almee, Mr. Leveson Gowre, Sir Gilbert Gierke, Sir Fra.

UtmeU, Mr. Harbord, Lord BSir , Lord Voi. X

53

Carnbury, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Tho. Foley, Lord Digby,

Mr. Russell, Mr. Herxey, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Capell, Sir John Holt, Mr. Grey, Mr. Hamden, Col.

Godfrey, Mr. Jepson: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admi- Navy ralty do, upon Thursday next, bring in a State of what may Estimate, be the Charges of the Navy, for the Year ensuing.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 20* die Martii; l* Willielmi et Marks.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir Gha.Raleigh, Sir , Graham and

Sir Hen. Goodrick, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir Rob. Nappier, Burton’*

Sir JV,m. Cooper, Mr. Edw. Windham, Mr. Papilion, Lord Accounts* Doicne, Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr. England, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Trafford Mr. Herbert, Mr. Sandjord, Sir Clerke,

Mr. Leveson Gowre, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lord

Digby, Col. Mildmay, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. be

added to the Committee appointed to examine the Cases of Mr. Graham, Mr. Burton, and the other Prisoners in the Tower, Newgate, and the Gatehouse; and, as they find Occasion, to prepare Accusations against them; and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Removing removing Papists, and reputed Papists, from the Cities of Papists. London and Westminster, and Ten Miles Distance from the same, is referred, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the former Place: And that there be added to the same, Lord Digby, Sir Goodrich, Lord Downe, Sir Tho. DMr. Fenwicke, Mr Bickerstaffe, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Williams, Sir Wm.

Poultney, Sir. Fra. Russell, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Cooke,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. England, Mr. Leveson Goitre,

Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Lee, Sir Wm. Cooke, Sir Tho.

Pope Blount, Mr. Cooke.

Ordered, That Leave, be given to bring in a Bill for London Out erecting Courts of Conscience in the Out Parishes of £"ns, hes London, and in Southwarke.

And the Bill being offered;

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table.

Courts of Conscience.

Resolved, That a. Bill for taking away the Revenue Abolishing arising by Hearth-money, be now read a Second time. Ilearlh"

The Bill was read a Second time. money.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Falkland, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Jos. Tredenham,

Lord Downe, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Mr. Foley, Mr. Wogan,

Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Finch, Mr. Buckley, Mr

Sir Wm. Cooke, Sir John Knight, Mr. England, Mr.

Reignolds, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Darrell, Mr. Sir Rob.

Rich, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Christy, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Trmchard ', Mr. Gztyn, Mr.

Mr. Bockland, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Gilb. Mr. Grey,

Mr. Hunt, Sir 77w. Littleton, Mr. HamdMr. Thomson,

Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Finch: And that it be an Instruction

to the Committee, that a Clause be brought In, to reserve

to their Majesties the Duty dUe at Lady-day next: , And

they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Edmund Prideaux, Esquire, of Ford Prideaux’* Abby, was read. ^a,m "?

Resolved, That a Committee fre appointed to consider r e reyl* -of the said Petition; and examine the Matter of Pact thereof; and report the same tp tire House.

And it is referred untp Mr. jHamden, M Lord

Falkland, Sax Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Foley, Sir

O Tredenham,

"Regulating

Trials*

Supply Bill; granting a present Aid*

Leave of Absence.

Excise

Revenue.

54

20° Ma.

A. 1688.

Tredenhant, Sir Walter Motjlc, Sir Tho. Sir Rob.

Clayton, Nr. JVogiut, Mr. Bmcmen, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sit Fra. Drake, Mr. Colt, Mr. Lee, Sir Voting, Mr. Honey, Sir Hen.Goodrich, Mr Mr. Comings Mr. Homers, Mr. Miisgrave.^xrTho. Littleton, Sir Johnson, Mr. Mansell, Sir Russell: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four a Clock: And are impowered to sand for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An irtgrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of Trials, was read the First time.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Monday Fortnight, Ten a Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Adam and

Mr. Mcthwyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to acquaint this House, that the Lords have passed the Bill for the granting a present Aid to their Majesties.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. White Tilchborne have Leave to go into the Country, his only Daughter lying a Dying.

A Motion was made, That Sir Thomas Mompesson have Leave to go into the Country, for a Week, upon urgent Occasions:

The Question was put, That he have such Leave.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Per Contra. Charges of Management Allowance for Overcharge Arrears -Neat Produce -

87,131) 2

5 4 5,216 11 623,891 1

d.

nf

n

7*

£718,2.52 — t)i

Year ended 24 June 1688.

Cross Excise of Beer, Ale, Cyder,! ,-

Metheglin, Strong Waters, Coffee, <^r.J Gross Excise of Brandy, Mum, andl Cyder imported

3i

50,146 9 1

Per Contra. Charges of Management Allowance for Overcharge Arrears -Neat Produce -

£.732,318 18

Al

9i

10!-

- 88,639 15

.30 4 7,290 4 nf

- 636,358 12 84-

£.732,318 18 4i

Tellers for he Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,{f, J;

And so it was resolved in the Negative.

} I29-j 168.

Memorandum. The additional Duty upon Brandy and Strong Waters, which began the 1st of July 1685, is not included in these Accoinpts; which doth amount to 45,000l. per Annum.

The gross and neat Produce of the additional Excise upon Brandy imported, and inland Strong Waters, from the 1st of July 1685, at which time it first began, to the 24th of June 1688; viz.

From 1 st July 1685, to 24 June 1686.

The gross Produce of the additi Excise upon Brandy imported -

Colonel Birch, according to the Order of Yesterday, Excise upon inland Strong Waters delivered in the Accompt of the Excise, according to his Books: Which Accompts were read; and are as followeth.

An Abstract of the gross and net Produce of the Excise of England and Wales, in Four Years, ending the 24th of June 1688.

Year ended 24 June 1685. £. s. d.

Gross Excise of Beer, Ale, Cyder,!

- - , *4 6J7>

Metheglin, Strong Waters, Coffee, Gross Excise of Brandy, Mum, and! Cyder, imported - - -j

523 18 48,491 3

8i

Per Contra. Charges of Management Exported Beer, fyc. -Arrears -Neat Produce -

£ 676,015 2 4$

- 86,263 11 — f

- 1.138 n . 5t

- 3.721 5 4$

- 584,891 14 6

£.676,015 2 4£

Year ended 24 June 1686. '

Gross Excise of Beer, Ale, Cyder,! a 0

Metheglin, Strong Waters, Coffee, 8$c.] "38,993 11 91

Gross Excise of Brandy, Mum, andf Cyder, imported -

33,741 3 iof

£672,734 15 H

Per Contra. Charges of Management Exported Beer, $c. Arrears -Neat Produce -

85,852

620

2,128

584,133

14 6 16 — f 2 3* 2 iof

Per Contra.

2 s. per Pound -By incident Charges in the Port ol London, and the Out Ports By neat Produce

From the 24th June 1686, to the 24th June 1687.

Excise upon inland Strong Waters

Per Contra.

is. per Pound -By incident Charges in the Pi London, and in the Out Ports By neat Produce

From 24th Jun 1687, to the 24th Ju 1688. The gross Produce of the addil Excise upon Brandy imported

£.672,734 15 8J

Year ended 24 June 1687.

Gross Excise of Beer, Ale, Cyder,! R

Metheglin, Strong Waters, Coffee, <S;c.J '

Gross Excise of Brandy, Mum, andl ,. , 0 ,

Cyder, imported - - - -? 41'385 10 2

£.718,252 — 94.

Per Contra.

By Poundage allowed to the Collectors of Brandy in the Out Ports, at > is. per Pound By incident Charges in the Port of London, and in the Out Ports By neat Produce

£ v s. d.

.] 27,949 13 11

V I 1 00 7 n

£35,533 1 64.

j 946 16 7

) 261 7 8 i

34,324 17 3

£-35,533 1 6p

} 37,365 2 ’

j 8,614 9 11

£-45,979 11 11

CO CO 00 10 ii

.) 348 17 6*

44,632 4 3i

£ 45,979 11 11

j 45,224 6 21-

j 9,292 13 5

£54,516 19 7F

968 - if

322 7 53,226 11

7

nf

£.54,516 19 71

Resolved,

20° Martii.

55

Resolved, That the said Accotnpts be referred to the Sir Robert according to the Order of Yester- Revenue of

Committee of the whole House, who are to take into day, delivered in such Accompts and Estimates, as he the trown‘ Consideration the Revenue, and the constant and neces- conceived w ere necessary for the Service of the House: sary Charge of supporting the Crown. Which Accompts were read; and are as followeth:

An ABSTRACT of the Expences of the late King James the Second, by actual Payments in Money,

from Lady-day 1685, to Lady-day 1688; viz.

for Three Years,

In the several Years ended at Lady-day 86, Lady-day 1687. Lady-day 1688. TOTALS, - - 1 i mm Mediums.

♦ £. s. d. £. S. d. £ S» d. £- s. d. £ 8. d.

To the Navy - 367,130 13 6 444,805 4 10 440,452 — 3 1,252,387 18 7 417,462 12 104.

Ordnance - - - 70,300 — — 86,904 11 21 93,275 16 7 250,480 7 91 83,493 9 3i

Forces - - 547,124 7 9 664,259 6 10 621,265 9 9i 1,832,649 4 41 610,883 1 5i

Houshold - - - - 52,600 — 66,156 15 s$ 79,261 10 10 198,018 6 6{ 66,006 2 2*

Treasurer of the Chamber - 23,272 17 5 26,527 2 7 35,529 15 8 85,329 15 8 28,443 5 2y

Wardrobe - - 10,000 1,780 — — 14,600 — — 20,775 11 104 45,375 11 10) 15,125 3 H

Robes - - 4 3 3,750 — — 2,500 — — 8,030 4 3 2,676 14 9

Works - - 28,429 8 25,285 — — 20,276 18- 2 73,991 17 10 24,663 19 34-

Foreign Ministers - - 37,435 7 2 32,447 18 8 28,089 2 11 97,972 8 9 32,657 9 7

Stables- ... - 4,200 — — 12,090 7 8 16,846 11 54 33,136 19 U 11,045 13 T

Sundry Fees and Salaries paid at) the Exchequer, and -j 43,479 9 7t 60,836 6* 5, 65,144' i 8i 169,486 17 9 56,495 12 7

Pensions and Annuities - - 117,443 18 4t 158,910 2 3i 163,757 11 1 440,111 11 9i 146,703 17 3-rt

Band of Pensioners - 3,000 — — 9,000 — 6,000 — — 18,000 — — 6,000 - —

Bounties, in gross Sums, paid at) the Exchequer - - -5 44,886 — 6 14,913 11 6; 23,242 — — 83,041 12 I 2 27,680 10 K

Secret Services per Air. Guy - , 93,890 16 6* 85,941 13 3 90,072 i*4 10-f 269,905 4 8) 89,968 8 2 J

Per Secretary of State - - 5,oooo — — 8,950 — — 4,250 — — 18,200 — — 6,066 13 4

Sir Stephen Fox - 10,000 — — 9,600 — — 8,400 — — 28,000 — — 9-333 6 8

Privy l'urse - - 25,950 — — 27,300: — — 26,000 — — 79)25° — - — 26,416 13 4

Mint paid out of Coinage ——

Jewels and Plate - - 21,087 — — 10,400 —; — 15,733 18 2 47,220 18 2 15,740 6 T

Impost Bills - - - - 96 12 — 96 12 — 96 12 — . 289 16 — 96 12

Contingencies, not reducible to) 8 67,209 18 31

the foregoing Heads - f -f 15,961 15 3 30,043 15 21,204 3 1 It 22,403 6

1,523,069 2 1 T 1,792,845 8 63 1,782,174 3 m 1 /4 5,098,088 14 ij 1,699)363 2 9

Memorandum: The Principal and Interest to the Bankers and their Assigns, and the Interest of Monies borrowed. Notes referring to the Estimate of the Expence of

the Crown.

Navy. — In the last Four Years of King Charles the Second, the Charge of the Navy was never less than

400.0001, per Annum.

Houshold. — In King Charles the Second’s Time computed at 107,000l.

Ordnance. — The Ordnance was always paid 1,000l. the Week, and 2,000l. the Quarter, which is per Annum

60.0001.

And this ordinary was never less; what wras more, as in the Medium, w'as paid by peculiar Warrants.

Forces. — In the last Six Years of King Charles the Second, the Expence of the Force amounted to about

300.000 /. per Annum.

Treasurer of the Chamber. — The annual Expence, in King Charles the'Second’s Time, when computed at

30.000 /.

Robes. — King Charles the Second, when all Heads were retrenched, continued the Robes at the Expence of 5,000l. per Annum.

Pensions and Annuities. — By the Medium it appears,

One Year's Payment 146,703/. 17 3

In these Years was 50,000l. paid to the Queen Consort every Year.

To the Queen Dow ager 18,200l. yearly.

To the Princeand Princessof 32,000l.:

But their Expences have exceeded this about 8,000l. a Year; which has been paid out of Bounty, in gross. Privy Purse, — In King Charles the Second’s Time the Privy Purse was computed at 30,000l. per Annum. Impost Bills. — In King Charles the Second's Time, was 3,600l. per Annum.

Contingencies, 8yc. As Clerkships, Repairing the Highways, Law-suits, Liberties in the Exchequer, and other Casualties.

Vox.. X.

d.

9

The Charge of the Crown, by the! 6 ’ g

Medium presented, is yearly - - / ’

In King Charles the Second’s I

Time, the Charge of the Forces was > 300,000-----

about 300,000l. per Annum - - J

B399>363 2 9

Charges upon the Revenue.

Mr. Tho. Fox, for the Security of 1 his Place of Receiver of the Customs,

by Tally.....J

Mr. Duncombe, for the same, on) the Excise - - - - -J

The City, on the Excise To Mr. Hornby, on the Excise - 5,000

To Mr. Hall, on the H. Money - 47,000

20.000 — —

20.000 -

185,525-----

JO- 277,525 —

300,000-----

477,400 5

There is in Arrear to the Army'l and Navy about - -

There is also a yearly Charge of S 79,566/. 14s. 2d.for perpetual In- 1 terest to the Goldsmiths and their

Assigns; which is now in Arrear, at I Lady-day next, for Six Years - J

Resolved, That the said Accompts be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, who are to take into Consideration the Revenue, and the constant and necessary Charge of supporting the Crown.

The House then, according to the Order of Yesterday, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Revenue, and Jthe constant necessary Charge of supporting the Crown, and the State of

Air.

Committees,

5«

20° — 21° Mar til.

jl. i 688.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had taken into their Consideration the Revenue, and the Constant necessary Charge of supporting the Crown, and the State of; and

that they had come to several Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as follow:

Resolved, Nernineconiradicente, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be a Revenue of i ,200,000l. per Annum settled upon their Majesties, for the constant necessary Charge of supporting the Crown in time of Peace.

Resolved ', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, to appoint a Committee to consider, and report to the House, what Sum may be necessary to allow, by the Year, for a Charge of a Summer and Winter Guard at Sea; and of Forces, and Office of Ordnance, in time of Peace, out of the 1,200,000 I. per Annum.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nernine coniradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee, That there be a Revenue of 1,200,000l. per Annum settled upon their Majesties, for the constant necessary Charge of supporting the Crown in time of Peace.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

An Amendment was propqsed to be made therein, by leaving out these ....., " and of Forces and, instead thereof, to insert these Words, "and Guards and Garisons by LandAnd, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the House agreed to the same.

And the Question being proposed, That the House do agree to the Resolve, so amended;

The Question was put, That the Question be now put: And

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tire ma’m Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, so amended, That a Committee be appointed to consider and report to the House, 'what Sum may be necessary to allow, by the Year, for the Charge of a Summer and Winters Guard at Sea, and Guards and Garisons by Land, and Office of Ordnance, in time of Peace, out of the 1,200,000l. per Annum;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Yea,{^""’

Tellers for the } 63.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And it is referred unto Sir Hen. Johnson, Sh* John 'Knight, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Sir

Jos. Tredenham, Sir Walter Young, Sir JVm. Williams, Mr. Socketerell, Mr. Parker, Sir Rob. Dovers, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Mr. Finch,

Mr. Garway, Sir Win. Yor/ce, Sir Rob. Howard, Mr.

Palmes, Mr. Montague, Mr. Parkhurst, Major Mr. Hamden, Mr. Boscowen, Mr. Musgrave, Lord

Falkland, Sir Hen. Capcll, Sir Tho. Mr.

"Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Russell, Sir Andrews:

And they are to meet at Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning, in the Speakers Chamber; and make their Report with all convenient Speed.

Mr. Hamden also acquainted the House, That he was directed to move the House, that it would, To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to take into Consideration the State of Ireland.

Resolved, That this House w ill, Tomorrow Mornin g, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 louse, to take into Considenftionthe State oi Ireland.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the Mouse adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jervis, 21° die Martii; i° Willielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Henry Lloyd, Gentleman, in Privilege — Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this a Pms,m

TT J J ° reprimanded

House, w as read. ailddis-

Resolved, That he be called in to the Bar; and receive charged, a Reprimand upon his Knees; and that he be then discharged, paying his Fees.

He was brought in to the Bar; and, upon his Knees, had a Reprimand from Mr, Speaker, accordingly.

Mr. Papillion reports from the Committee, to w hom it Navy and was referred to consider, and report to the House, what Arn,v ksta-Sum may be necessary to allow, by the Year, lor the bl-sliaieuts. Charge of a Summer and Winter Guard at Sea, and Guards and Garisons at Land, and the Office of Ordnance, that they had directed him to move the House, that the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty may be desired to attend the Committee Tomorrow Morning, at Eight a Clock; to which Time they have adjourned.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty be desired to attend accordingly.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privileges Devizes and Elections, to whom the Matter of Election of Bur- Ejection, gesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of the Devizes in the County of was referred, the State of the Fact as it appeared to the Committee; which he produced to the House in Writing: Which, being read at the Table, is as followeth;

Upon the Petition of Sir John Eyles, and William Trenchard, Esquire, against the Election of Sir JVm. Pinscnt, Baronet, JValter Grubb, Esquire,

Sitting Members;

That the Question was, Whether the Mayor and Burgesses, as a select Number, had the Right of Election; or, all the free Burgesses of the Borough.

That the Petitioners Counsel insisted, the Borough was a Borough by Prescription, and not a Corporation by Prescription: And that all the Burgesses had a Right to elect:

And produced a Charter of 15 E.Ill; being a Grant to the Burgesses and their Successors: And

An Indenture of a Return of 2 H. V, of Burgesses, by the Sheriff of the County, as chosen for the Community of the Borough: And

Another Indenture of 1 Mariee; wherein it was said.

The Mayor, pro se, et communitate had returned

the Burgesses: And

An Indenture of Return, of 31 Car. II, made by the Mayor and Burgesses in general.

And the Counsel said, They had Copies of other Returns between these times; but that the Records could not be found to examine them therewith.

That the Petitioners also produced a Witness: Who said, a Poll was now demanded by the Petitioners for all the Burgesses, and was denied; and, upon Cross-examination, said, He had lived near 60 Years in the Town; and known several Elections; but none that was by the Popularity but One, about 8 Years since; when Sir Giles Hungerford and Sir John Eyles, (One of the now Petitioners; were returned by that Choice, against Sir JValter Earnly, Baronet, and George Johnson, Esquire, who were chosen by the select Numbers.

And that the Petitioners did not make out, that any other Election, but That, was by the Populacy, or Burgesses in general.

For the Sitting Members;

That it was insisted, that it was a Corporation by Prescription; and that the Right of Election was in the Mayor and Burgesses, as a select Number.

And /produced Returns, of 430 i° Jac. I"1,

21® Jad. I"1, i° Car.I*’, by the Mayor and Burgesses:

, And that they said they had several others:

And

Krur-esboroogh

Election.

tW.^M. 2i° Martii.

57

And a Charter of 3* Sac. I"; whereiri it was recited, That the Mayor and Burgesses had, Time out of Mind, divers Immunities, Franchises and Privileges:

And therefore, it was insisted, That it was a Corporation by Prescription,

And as to the Election in 1679, that it was proved Sir Walter Emly and Mr. Johnson petitioned against it; but that it was not decided.

And then the now Petitioner, Sir John Eyles, gave to the then Mayor (one Whatton) a Bond of 2,000 I. dated 15 Sept. 1679, (which was proved by that Mayor himself) to save him harmless against all Damages, by Reason of his making that Return of Sir Giles Hungerjord, and the said Sir John Eyles.

And that he said further, That he was fearful to make that Return, by the Election of the Burgesses in general; it being never done before, that he knew of; and therefore, being pressed to make it, took the Bond.

And that thereupon the Committee came to Two Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and then delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as follow:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of the Devizes in the County of Wilts, is in the Mayor and select Number of the Burgesses of the said Borough, only.

Resolved ', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Wm. Pinsent, Baronet, and Walter Grubb,

Esquire, are duly elected to serve as Burgesses in this present Parliament for the Borough of the Devizes in the County of Wilts.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;'

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of the Devizes in the County of Wilts, is in the Mayor and select Number of the Burgesses of the said Borough, only.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Wm. Pinsent, Baronet, and Walter Grubb, Esquire, arc duly elected to serve as Burgesses in this present Parliament for the Borough of the Devizes in the County of Wilts.

Colonel Birch, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Merits of the Double Return for the Borough of Knaresbrough in the County of

Yorke was referred, the State of the Fact, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced to the IlouSe in Writing; which being read, is as followeth:

That the Boroughmen of the ancient Borough of Knaresbrough in the County of Yorke, on the Twelfth Day of January, with an unanimous Consent, have freely chosen Wm.Stoclcdale, Esquire, to be One of their Two

Representatives in the Convention to be holden at Westminster the 2 2d of January.

And the Lord Viscount iMtimer, by the Majority of the ancient and new Votes together;

Or, Thomas Fawkes, Esquire, by the Majority of the ancient Votes, who has been sworn in Court and relieved, for their Borough-houses, according to the Custom of

the said Borough; to be the other of the Two Representatives in the said Convention.

That the aqcient Votes for Mr. Fawkes, agreed on all Sides to be good, were 27.

That the ancient Votes for the Lord Latimer, agreed on all Sides to be good, were 16; and the new Votes, transferred lately, but otherw ise good; were 18.

That the Return and Petition of the Lord Latimer, and the Petition of Mr. Fawkes, concerning the said Election, coming in course to be heard before the Committee, on Monday the 18th of February last, the same w-as put off till Monday the 4th of March instant; before which Time the Lord Latimer was dead:

And, it appearing to the Committee, upon the Face of the Return, that Mr. Fawkes had 25 old Voices, and the Lord Latimer but 19; and that no Petition had been presented in Behalf of the Borough; they did not think fit to grant any longer Time: And therefore they came to a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk s'Table: Where the same being read, is as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That 'Thomas Fawkesi Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knaresborough in the County of Yorke.

The said Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Thorim Faukes, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in thik present Parliament for the Borough of Knaresborough ill the County of Yorke.

Ordered, That the Bailiff of the Borough of Knaresborough in the County of Yorke do attend this House, to amend the Return of Burgessfes to serve for the said Borough.

The House then, according to the Order of Yesterday, state of

resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Ireland.-take into Consideration the State of Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.'

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message by Sir Tho. Duppa, Gentleman Usher of Royal Assent the Black Rod. a

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend Him immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers, to attend his Majesty: And they being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had presented the Bill for the Granting a present Aid to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had passed the Bill.

The House then proceeded in the further Consideration State of of the State of Ireland. Ireland-.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, that they having, according to the Order of the House, taken into Consideration the State of there had been delivered in to the Committee,

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of Six Regiments of Horse, Two Regiments of Dragoons, and Twenty-five

Six Regiments of Horse.

Field and Staff Officers.

Colonel, as Colonel, -Lieutenant Colonel, as Lieutenant Colonel Major, who has no Troop -

Chaplain - -

Kettledrum to the Colonel’s Troop -Adjutant -

Surgeon -

Carried over -

Per Diem. Per Annum.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

— i’2 — 219 — —

— 8 — 146 — —

1 — — 35 — —

— 68 121 13 4

— 3 — 54 1.5 —

— 5 — 9l 5 —

— 6 — 109 10 —

3 — 8 1,107 3 4

Vol. X.

Troops for Ireland.

by

2i° Martit

A, 1688.

Brought over

One Troop.

FiftyVe*cb.° Captain lo<t. and Two Horses, each

Lieutenant 6s. and Two Horses, each is.

Comet 5s. and Two Horses, each is. -Quarter-master 4$. and One Horse, is.

Three Corporals, each 3 . - -

Two Trumpeters, each is. 8 d.

Fifty Soldiers, each is.6

The Pay of Eight Troops more, at the same Rates and Numbers -

Total

Field and Staff Officers, as above -A Regiment The Pay of Six Troops, at the same Rates and Numbers, in')

of Six Troops, of , . J- 1 ’ . , ’ }

Fifty in each, each, as in the Iroops above-mentioned J

Total

Four Regi- The Pay of Four Regiments more, of the like Numbers as the]

ments more of r . <L . © ’ \

the s*me. foregoing Regiments.....J

Total for the Horse, is -

Two Regiments of Dragoons.

Field and Staff Officers.

Colonel, as Colonel -

Lieutenant Colonel, as Lieutenant Colonel -

Major, who has no Troop - -

Chaplain - -....

Adjutant ——

Surgeon -

Gunsmith, and his Servant -

One Troop.

rfE\kCP"! Captain 8 s. and Three Horses 3 *.

of sixty in each. Lieutenant 4 s.and Two Horses 2 s.

Comet 3s. and Two Horses is.

Quarter-master, for himself and Horse -Three Corporals, each lid. and 3s. for Horses Two Serjeants, each 18 and is. for Horses Two Drummers, each 12 d. and 2 s. for Horses Two Hautboys, each 12 c?. and 2 s. for Horses Sixty Soldiers, each 18 d. for Man and Horse

The Pay of Seven Troops more, at the same Rates and Numbers -

Total

Field and Staff Officers, as above - of SxTr<K>p*nt The Pay of Six Troops, at the same Rates and Numbers, in) of sixty hi ’. each, as in the Troop above-mentioned - - - J

each.

Per Ditm.

£. s. d. j

3 - 8;

— 14 —

— 10 —

— 9 —

— 6 —

— 9 —

— 5 4 65 —

818 4 7168

83 5 S

~T~T

53 10 — .56 10 8

226 2 8

365 19 —

— 15 —

— 9

— 68

368

— 11 —

— 6 —

— 5 —

— 4 —

— 6 —

— 4 —

— 4 —

4 to —

40 10 —

Per Atm

£ tf. :d.

1,107 3 4

255 10

182 10 —

164 5 —

109 10 1

164 5 —

97 6

2,281 5 — -

3,254 11

26,036 13 4

30,398 8 4

1,107 3 4

19,527 10 —

20,634 13 4

82,538 13 4

i33,57i 15

273 15 —

l(*4 5 —

35 — —

121 13 4

91 5 —

109 10 —

91 5 —

1,216 13 4

200 15 -

109 10 —

9i 5 —

73 — —

109 10 —

Qi 5

73 —

73 — —

1,642 10 —

2,463 15 —

17,246 5 —

20,926 13 4

1,216 13 4

14,782 .10 —

Total

Total for the Dragoons

Twenty-five Regiments of Foot.

Field and Staff Officers.

Colonel, as Colonel

Lieutenant Colonel, as Lieutenant Colonel

Major, as Major.....-

Chaplain ——

Adjutant ——

Surgeon 4 s. and a Mate 2 s. -Quarter-master -

One Company.

Captain ——

Lieutenant -

Ensign ——

Two Serjeants, at 18 d.each -

Carried over

43 16 8 15,999 3 4

101 3 4 36,925 16 8

— 12 — 219

— 7 — 127 15 —

— — 91

— 6 8 121 13 4

73

— 6 6 11812 6

— 4 — 73 — —

252 824 5 10

— 8 — 146 —

— 4 — 73 —

— 3 — 5415 —

— 3 — 5415 —

;. — 18 — 328 10 —

\i W.. &. M.

Three Corporals at 12 d. each One Drummer

Mar Hi.

Brought over -

99

or Sixteen Fifty private Soldiers, at 8 d. eacfh -

Companies, of Emj w eac^u

f The' pay of Fourteen Companies more at the same Rates')

' and Numbers - - > - - - -J

A Company of Grenadiers.

Captain - - - -

’Two Lieutenants, each 45.

Three Serjeants -

Three Corporals - - - - , - -

Two Drummers -

Fifty Private Soldiers -

Total

Another. The Pay of another Regiment, of like Number

Field -and Staff Officers, as above

One Company.

Captain -

Lieutenant -

Ensign - -

Three Serjeants - -

Three Corporals -

Two Drummers -

Sixty Private Soldiers, at S

of Ttartero* The Pay of Eleven Companies more, at the same Rates andj

Companies of Numbers Sixty in each.

The Company of Grenadiers.

Captain _-

Two Lieutenants, each 4 s. -....

Three Serjeants - - - - * -

Three Corporals -

Two Drummers - -

Sixty Private Soldiers, at Sd. -

Total -

The Pay of Twenty-two Regiments more, of the samej Numbers - - - - ~ - ~j

Total I

Of Twenty-five Regiments of Foot Of Two Regiments of Dragoons Of Six Regiments of Horse

Levy Money for Sixteen Regiments Contingencies -

For Transporting 22,330 Men, art Head

For Transporting 4,500 Horse, at 2foa. each -

For Diet for the Men for Ten Days, at Head per Day

For Feeding 4,500 Horse, at 12 pet* Day each -

.Per Diem. jC- * — - 18 — — 3 _ Per Annum, jr. s. d. 328 to 54 15 — 18 5 —

1 13 4 608 6 8

2 15 4 1,009 8

38 14 8 14,13713 4

— 8 — — S — . — 46 — 3 — —: — 113 4 146 146 — 82 2 6 54 15 — 36 10 — G08 6 8

2 18 IO 1,073 14 2

46 14 — 17,045 10 —

46 14 — 17,045 10 —

2 5 2 824 5 10

— 8 — — 4 — — 3 — ~ 4 6 — 3 — — 2 — 2 146 73 54 15 — 82 2-6 54 15 — 36 10 — 730 1

3 4 6 i,i77 2 6

35 9 6 12,948 7 6

— 8 — — ' 8 — — 4 6 — 3 — — 2 — 2 146 146 82 2 6 54 15 — 3O 10 — 730

3 5^ i,i95 7 0

44 4 8 i0,i45 3 4

973 2 8 i j 355A 93 13 4

1,110 15 4 101 3 4 3h5 19 — j 405,429 1O 8 30,425 lG 8 138,571 15 —

1,577 17 8 34 6 — 78 17 10; 575,927 8 4 I 12,520 1 28,796 7 5

1,091 i 7 617,243 15 9

- 4,466 - 4,500 3,72i 13 4 2,250

£ 14,937 13 4

’ Memorandum, For every 20,000 /. necessary for the Pay of several Regiments above mentioned, there is to

be One thousand more allowed for the General Officers, §c.; and for the ordinary Charges incident to the Forces; viz. Medicaments, Fire anti Candle, Carriage of Arms, Ammunition, Field Pieces, §c. besides the extraordinary Expertce of this Expedition,

6o

i r° Martil

A, 1688.

Office of Ordnance, the 15th Day of March, 1688-9.

A Proportion and Valuation of a Traiti of Artillery, and the incident Stores and Habiliments of War pertaining the reunto (the said Train being to consist of Fourteen pieces of Cannon, and Two Mortar-pieces) together with a List, and the Appointments, of the

?roper Officers, Ministers, and Attendants of the said 'rain, directed to be employed for his Majesty’s Service in the Kingdom of , pursuant to a Sig-

nification of his^Excellency the Mareschall Duke de Schomberg, bearing Date the 14th , 1688-9,

to this Board, to form and calculate the said Proportion and Valuation for the Space and Service of One Year; together with a Calculation of the Charge of completely arming of Six Regiments of Horse, Two Regiments of Dragoons, and Twenty-five Regiments of Foot; consisting, in all; of 22,330 Men; as also, of the Ammunition and Stores of War, of all Kinds, proportionable thereunto; viz.

Brass Ordnance.

Whole Culverin 2 Sacre - - 4

3 Pounders - 8

Brass Mortar-pieces.

10 Inches Diameter 2 2G0 12

Travelling Carriages, complete for| __________

Carriages complete for the Mortar-pieces 48 Spare Travelling Carriages for the'l Ordnance - - - - -J

Spare Carriages for the Mortar-pieces Spare Wheels and Extrees for the]

'I1’

297

d.

9

Ordnance

One Gynn-sum'd, Carts -

97

24

65

17

and Two Sling

88-----

£ 2,098 16 3

Munition for the Ordnance, and , Mortar-pieces.

Round Shot computed at 100 Rounds Tin Cases filled with Musket Shot

39

12

15

6

7

8

Grenado Shells, computed at 200 Rounds 247--

Fuzees for the Grenado Shells, fixt - 12 10

Com Powder, 100 Barrels Match, Two Ton -

12

230

42

£ 603 12 3

Equipage for the Ordnance, and Mortar-pieces.

Ladles and Spiinges, Field Staves, Heads and Rammers, Ladle Staves, Budge Barrels, Funnels of Plate, Tam-

fjeons, Crows of Iron, Spikes, Fore-ockeys, Linchpins, Baskets, Lanthorns, Powder Horns, Priming Irons, Linstocks, Hand Screws, ana all Kinds of necessary Utensils in proportion -Nails of Sorts -'

Cordage of all Sorts, Tanned Hides,) Sheep-skins, Tilts of Hair, and sundry > other Species of Materials 7 - *-]

Materials and Ingredients of sundry j Species for the Fire Master - -J

Storm Piles, or Stockadoes armed, 500

154 7 11

13 1 8

72 16 11

8

7.5

11

£ 323 17 6

Materials and Utensils, for the Pioneers.

Spades, Shovels, Pickaxes, Hand Bar- rows, Hurdles, Canvas Bags, - -J

Arms, fyc. for the Guard of the Train, and for the Gunners and Matrosses. Fuzees, Pistols, Half Pikes, Hangers) Musket and Pistol Shot - - -J

162 8 4

Tents for Officers, Gunners, and infe- rior Attendants -J

Bedding - - . -

for the Artificers, viz. 'Tent Keepers Smiths Carpenters - For the ( Wheel-wrights Ladle-maker Collar-makers Coopers

222 10 — 50-----

£ 668 3 4

and Utensils , 22 2 7

- - 50 — —

- 10 8 5

- 57 7 2

- - 17 — 6

- - 12 6 11

- m 1 16 —

£ 171 1 7

Carriages for the Stores, Equipage, and Necessaries incident to the Train.

Tumbrels - - 58

Carts - - - 16

Forge Waggon - 1

748

60

Harness and Furniture.

Horse Harness for the Ordnance, Mor-"( tar-pieces, Carriages, Carts, and TumbrelsJ Mens Harness for Ordnance

£ 808 -

59°

26

8 —

£ 636 8-

Expence of Teams, Drivers, &;c.

For the Charge of 492 Horses, to be) bought for the Service of the said Train, > 4,920 at 10/. apiece - - - -J

For Charge of Meat for 492 Horses,) for One Year, at 12 d.per Diem. -J

For the Pay of 197 Drivers, for One)

Year, at 10 d. per Diem - - _j3i39

— 3

17 6

£ 19,291 17 6

A List of the proper Officers, Ministers, and Attendants; with their Appointments incident to this

223

train; viz. Comptroller General - Pay per Diem.

His Clerk - 5 —

Comptroller - - - — 15 —

His Clerk - - - — 4 —

Commissary of the Stores - - - — 10 —

His Clerk - - - — 4 —

Adjutant - - - — 8 —

Paymaster - — 8 —

His Clerk - - - — 4 —

First Engineer - - - — 15 —

His Clerk - - — 4 —

Second Engineer - 10 —

Waggon-master and Commissary of tliel Draft Horses - - - j Three Assistants, each 4 8 — 12 —

Four Gentlemen of the Ordnance, each 5 1 — -

Quarter-master - - - — 6 —

Purveyor - - - — > 5 —

His Assistant - - — 3 —

Provost Marshal 6 —

Two Assistants, each2«. _ 4 —

Chirurgeon - — 5 —

His Mate - - — 3 —

Chief Conductor - — 4 —

Ten Conductors, 2 each - - 1 5 —

Tent Maker r - — 4 —

His Assistant - 2 —

Master Farrier - - . - — 4 —

His Mate - - - — 2 —

Master Smith - - - — 4 —

Two Servants, each 2 - — 4 —

Master Carpenter - - — 4 —

Two Servants, each Man 2 s. 6d. T — 5 —

Carried over £ 11 17 6

Supply icu

reducing

litUncL

W. & M.

21° — 22

6t

Brought over Master Wheelwright -Five Servants, each Man Master Collar Maker -

Two Servants, each 2 -

Master Cooper -

His Servant - -

Ladle Maker -

Master Gunner of the Train -His Two Mates, each 3#. Twenty-two Gunners, each is.

Two Bombadiers, each is. 6d. Thirty-two Matrosses, each is. 6d. -Fire Master -

His Mate - - - .

Two Fire-workere, each -

Captain of the Pioneers ... Two Serjeants, each Two Corporals, each l Two Drummers, each nd. -Thirty Pioneers, each lid.

Per Annum7,995/. ioj.

Pay Diem. Resolved \That this House will resolve itself into a

Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, to consider of that Motion.

11

s.

17

4

12

4

4

4

2

3 6 6

4

5 8

.5

3 5 5

4 3 2

10

d.. 6

6

6

24 —

28 —

21 l8-----

28,737 12 6

Proportion for the Army:

For arming complete Six Regiments of Horse, Two of Dragoons, and Twenty-five Regiments of Foot; consisting of ^2^330 Men -

"Ammunition to the same, proportion-') , _ edto too Rounds - - - 3,587 10 -

Spare Arms of all Species - - 3,980-----

For Tents for Horse and Foot, TumO pikes, Casting Calthropes, Spades, Sho-1

vels, Pickaxes, Sand Bags, Baskets, Arms, > 10,901 ——

Stockadoes, Rowling Bridges, and sundry [

other Tools, Utensils, Materials, fyc. -J-----

£. 47,206 2 6

Abstract. ‘

Brass Ordnance and Mortar-pieces,! with their Appurtenances -J

Munition for the Ordnance and Mor-1

tar-pieces.....J

Equipage for the same -Materials and Utensils for the Pioneers Arms, Teats, <^c. for the Train Stores, Materials, Tools, and Utensils! for the Artificers - - - -/

Carriages for the Stores, Equipage, and!

Necessaries incident to the Train -J Harness and Furniture -

Expence of Teams, ’ Drivers, &c. for!

the-lEin - - - - -}'9'29> >7 6

Annual Charge of the Officers, Mini-! stars, and Attendants -J '>993 10

Proportion of Arms for the Army,!

Ammunition, spare Arms, Tents for > 47,206 Horse and Foot, fyc. -J

Contingencies for the same time, by j

2,098 16 603 12

323 17 162 8 668 3

3 6

4

4

7

171.

800-----

616 8 —

Estimation

2 6

2,000-----

<£81,935 17 3

H. Shere,

J. Gardner,

Phil. Musgrave, Ja. Rothuxll.

Memorandum, That the Tonage, Freight and Charge of Transportation to Ireland is not cast into this Estimate. That no small Guns, or Field-pieces, for the Battallions, being mentioned in the Establishment, are herein considered;

That no Carriages or Teams, for Draft, are estimated for more than what relates to the Train of Artillery.

Both which Accounts amounting to the Sum of 714,117/. 6#. 4 d.;

A Motion being made, for a Supply to be given to his Majesty, towards the Reducing of ;,

Vol. X.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 22* die Martii, 1688.

Praters.

MR. Medlicot reports from the Committee to whom Cvmmtim it was referred to inspect the Coronation Oath, and Oath, consider what Alterations or Amendments were fit to be made therein; and to report the same to the House;

That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon the Form of an Oath:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table;

And the House being acquainted, That the Committee sat Yesterday in the Afternoon, while the Grand Committee of Grievances were sitting; so that several Members who were of the Committee, could not be there to attend the Matter touching the Coronation Oath;

Resolved, That it be recommitted to the same Committee; and that they do meet at Eight of the Clock To»-morrow Morning, at the former Place; and m*ke their Report Tomorrow Morning at the Sitting of the House.

The House being acquainted, that Mrs. Fitzharris and FittbaniA several Witnesses, according to the Order of Saturday last, Cm#* were at the Door;

The Petition of Mrs. Fitzharris was again read; setting forth, That her Husband, being misled by the Popish Interest, about Seven Years since, in framing a treasonable Libel, to be laid on the Protestants, and being seized in the Attempt, the Imployers of him, being fearful of being known, they resolved to make him a Sacrifice, rather than the Conspirators Should be discovered: And that thereupon he, before the last Oxford Parliament, was committed to Newgate, in order to be dispatched out of the Way; in regard he had discovered his Complices; and was therefore by an unheard-of Practice, soon after removed to the Tower of London a close Prisoner, and not suffered to converse with his Wife or Friends; or Pen, Ink, or Paper:

And that the Oxford Parliament taking notice of the same, and the Designs of stifling his Discovery, the Commons in Parliament not only impeached him before the Lords, but passed a Vote against any inferior Court’s trying him: And that no sooner was the Parliament dissolved, but he was indicted before the Court of King's Bench for the said treasonable Paper: And though Mr. by

the Advice of learned Counsel, stood up for the Privileges of Parliament, and gave in a special Plea to the Jurisdiction of that Court in the Case, and had Counsel to argue it; yet the Lord Chief Justice Pemberton, with Two more of the Judges, over-ruled it, and forced him to plead Not guilty: And that, though a special Jury, by Rule of Court, was returned, to try him, yet Sir Robert Sawyer, the King’s Attorney General, to make sure of the Design against the Discovery, contrary to Law, challenged divers of the Jury as they came to be sworn, without shewing any Reason (a Practice never heard of before); which f the Chief Justice allowed of: So the Petitioner’s Husband/ (although he proved he was hired by the Popish Party at Whitehallto transact that Affair, and 200l. paid him as a Reward) was found guilty; and, after divers Promises made upon his Discovery, yet because he would not lay the Design on the Protestants, was executed; and the Petitioner, and her Three Children, left in great Distress:

And praying the House to take the whole Matter into their Consideration; and that the deplorable Condition of the Petitioner, and her Children, may be considered.

The Examinations of Mr. Fttzharris, as they are entered in the Journal of 1681; and the' several Votes thereupon 25 and 26 Martii 1681, 'were read.

Resolved, That Mrs. Fitzharris, and the Witnesses, be called in.

Q Accordingly

Reviving PTteeedmgs at Law.

Supply for

reducing

Ireland.

Privilege-

Libellous

Words.

Leave of Absence.

A Member ' to attend Lords as Counsel.

Declaration of Rights, and Settlement of the Crown.

Leave of Absence.

Supply for

reducing

Ireland.

6i

2 a* Martii!

J£ i’688i

Accordingly Mrs. Fitzharris and Mr. Whittier*, Solicitor, Sir Rob. KiUigrewe, Mr. a Messenger, and

Mr. Betkell formerly Sheriff of London, came severally in; and declared what they had to say, touching the Matter of the said Mrs. Fitzharris-,s Petition.

Resolved, That the further Examination of the Matter be adjourned until Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House on Thursday Morning next, with the Records of the Trial of Mr. Edward Fitzharris.

r

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr; Methwyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving of Actions and Process lately depending in the Courts at Westminster, and curing other Defects; with some Amendments, to which they desire the Concurrence of the House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a Motion then made, for a Supply to be given to his Majesty towards the Reducing of Ireland, was read.

The Question being put, That Mr. Speaker leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

The House was informed, that one Captain Motly had tittered, in a Coffee House in Buckingham Court, some dangerous Words, in respect of the present Government, and reflecting upon this House; and that one Mr. BoivteU was at the Door to testify the same:

Resolved, That Mr. Bawtell be called in.

: He came in to the Bar; and there gave an Account of what he heard Captain Motley say; viz. That, in Three Weeks, King James would be possessed of Whitehall-, and he would hold One hundred Pounds to Ten Pounds, King William would abdicate the Government in Three Months Time, as King James did; and that he swore against the Times; and that the Words were spoke in a Coffee Hoiuse in Buckingham Court, near Whitand, he believed, the Woman of the House heard it; and that Captain Motley, withal, swore that he would break the Infbrma-for's Head if he would not believe it.

Ordered, That Captain Motley be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, to attend this House, to answer an Information given against him this Day to this House.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Newdigate have Leave to go into the Country, till Thursday sevennight next, for fris Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch, a Member of this House, have Leave to attend the Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause there to be heard Tomorrow between Roper and Roper.

Resolved, That the Committee appointed to prepare a Bill for the enacting the several Articles contained in the Declaration of both Houses, agreed upon the 12th Day of February last, and presented to his now Majesty, the 13th Day of the same February, and for settling the Crown, and preventing any Papist to succeed to the Crown of this Kingdom be revived: And that there be added Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Good, Sir Christopher Sir Tho.Clarges, Mr. Cristy, Mr. Wogan, Mr. Walter, Sir James Oxinden, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Garway, Mr. Foley,

Major Wildman, Colonel Birch, Mr. Russell, Mr. Sache-

verell, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Gwyn, Lord Falkland, Sir Hen. Hobart, to the said Committee: To meet this Afternoon at the Place before appointed.

Ordered, That Sir Fra. Guybon have Leave to go into the Country, lor Three Weeks.

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of a Motion then made, for a Supply to be given to his Majesty, towards the Reducing of Ireland, That, the Committee having taken the same into their Consideration, they had agreed upon Four Resolves: Which he read in his Place; afrd afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being read, are as followeth;

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be given- to his Majesty, of the Sum of 302,361/. 17 s.ic r\d.for Six Months, for the main-

taining 22,330 Men, towards the Reducing of Ireland.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Supply be given to his Majesty, of the Sum of 27,451 /. 135. 4 d.for the Levy Money and Transportation of the Forces aforesaid.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a further Supply be given to his Majesty, of the Sum of 81,935/. 17 s. 3 d.for providing Artiilery and other Necessaries, by the Office of the Ordnance, fertile Use of the Forces before>-mentioned.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it will be necessary that the like Supply of 302,361/. 17$. io^rf. be hereafter granted, for paving the Forces aforesaid, and for Contingencies for other Six Months, if the War in Ireland Should so long continue.

The.first of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the saic^ Resolve, by adding, after the Word " Men," these Words u and Contingencies belonging to the same."

Which, on the Question put thereupon, was agreed tQ by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding after the Word "Men," and before the Words " and Contingencies," these Words, "and Officers."

Which, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment Was proposed to be made, by leaving' out the Words " for Six Months," after the Word " Halfpenny," and inserting the same again after the Words "to the same":

Which, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Vote, thus amended, That a Supply be given to his Majesty, of the Sum of 302,361/. 17s. 10 for the maintaining 22,330 Men, and Officers, and the Contingencies belonging to the same, for Six Months, towards the Reducing of Ireland.

The Second of the said Resolves, being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente;Tha.t this House doth agree with the Committee, That a further Supply be given to his Majesty, of the Sum of 27,451 /. 13*. 4 for the Levy Money, and Transportation of the Forces aforesaid.

The Third of the said Resolves, being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That a further Supply be given to his Majesty, of the Sum of 81,935/. 175. 3d. for providing Artillery, and other Necessaries, by the Office of the Ordnance, for the Use of the Forces before-mentioned.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That it will be necessary that the like Supply of 302,361 /. 175. io£</. be hereafter granted, for paying the Forces aforesaid, and for Contingencies for other Six Months, if the War in Ireland shall so long continue.

Resolved, That this House do, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself intq a Committee of the whole House, to take further Consideration of his Majesty’s Speech.

Ordered,

1 W. &M.

Call of the Ordered, That the Calling over the House be adjourned House. till I Wednesday next.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Elections do sit ot Elections. Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 23 die 1* Willielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

Leave of f\RD ERED, That Sir Francis have Leave

Absence. to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That his Majesty be humbly desired to direct an Estimate to be sent to this House, what Fleet will be necessary for this Summer's Service.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That his Majesty be humbly desired to give Directions, that the House may be informed, what the mutual Obligations of Assistance are, by any Treaties, between this Crown and the States of Holland.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do acquaint his Majesty with such the Desires of this House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

22' — 250 — 250

Reviving Proceedings hi law.

Leave of

Absence.

1

Simoniacal

Promotions.

Privilege —

Libellous

Words.

King's

Speech

considered.

Navy and Anny.

The House then took into Consideration the Amendments proposed by the Lords, to be made to the Bill for Reviving of Actions and Process lately depending in the Courts at fVest minster, and curing other Defects.

And the same were read; and are as followeth;

Press 1, L. 16, instead of the Second "and," read " by and with the Advice and Consent of".

Press .5, L. 36, after " and, " add " before".

The Amendments were again severally read; find, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Holt do go to the Lords, and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Trenchard have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight

A Bill that the Simony of one Person may not prejudice another, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, by Mr. Williams, a Member of the House, that Captain Motley, with his Witnesses, might -appear at the Bar of the House, to clear himself from the Accusation Yesterday against him, in regard he denied the speaking any such thing as he was accused of; and that therefore also he might not be in the Custody of the Serjeant: And Mr. Williams undertaking that he shall appear on Monday Morning, and submit himself to the House;

Ordered, That the Order for taking Captain Motley into Custody be suspended: And that he, and his Witnesses, do attend on Mottday Morning next; and also the Person that accused him.

The House then, according to the Order of Yesterday, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take further Consideration of his Majesty’s Speech.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That, they having taken further Consideration of his Majesty’s Speech, they had agreed on Two Resolves, which they directed him to report to the House: And he having read the same in his Place, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that his Majesty be humbly desired to direct an Estimate to be sent to this House, tvhat Meet will be necessary for this Summer’s Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that his Majesty be humbly desired to give Direction, that thp House may be informed, what the mutual Obligations of Assistance are, by any Treaties, between this Crown and the States of Holland.

Vol. X.

Resolved, That the Bill for taking away the Court held Marche* before the President and Council of be now read a ®!M{t m

o 1 . W &1CS.

Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

A Petition of the Corporation and Inhabitants of the Town of Ludlow, and Parts adjacent; desiring the said Court may be continued; was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edw.

Hai'ley, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Wogan, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr.

Sommers, Sir Wm. Gregory, Mr. Arnold, Mr.

Gowr, Sir Robert Happier, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir John Lord Falkland, Sir Robert Goodrick, Mr. Roberts, Sir

Capell, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Done, Mr. Buckley, Mr.

Cristy, Sir Wm. Williams, jun. Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr.

H. Herbert, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Hamden, Mr. Ashbumham, Major Manley, Mr. Dolben,

Colonel Birth: And all that come are to Have Voices:

And they are to meet on Monday next, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Petition be also referred to the same Committee.

A Bill for Exportation of Com and Grain, was read Exporting the Second time. Com, fc

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rob.

Dovers, Lord Falkland, Mr. Eldred, Lord Wiltshire,

Colonel Birch, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Somers, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Robert Nappier, Mr. Done, Sir Fra. jRussell, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Honeywood,

Mr. Brewer, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Foley, Sir Wm. Gregory, Mr. Nowell, Sir Wm. Cooper, Sir Edw.

.Harley, Major Wildman, Mr. Bilson, Sir Tho. Clarges,

Sir Edw. Norreis, Mr. England, Mr. Lee, Sir Matth.

Andrews; and all that serve for the Port Towns: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Luna, 25* die Martii;

1* Willielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

A BILL for establishing Courts of Conscience in the Westminster City of Westminster, Borough of Southwarke, and *c' Coort*of Tower Hamlets, and Out Parishes within the Weekly aB*CIence‘ Bills of Mortality, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ramsden have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Three Weeks. Absence-

Ordered, That Mr. Anchitell Grey have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight from Easter Monday.

Mr.

Message

from the King.

General

Pardon.

Address of Thanks.

Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance.

Journals to be examined of 1660.

Leave of Absence.

Rooms kept from the Service of the House.

64 25° Martii.

A. 1689.

Mr. Hamden, One of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, acquaints the House, That he had a Message from his Majesty in Writing, and signed by him; And he delivered the same to Mr. Speaker; who read the same to the House; being as followeth:

HIS Majesty, out of an earnest Desire to deliver His People from the Guilt, Reproach, and Penalties, which many of them may be liable to; and to put an End to all Controversies arising between his Subjects, by reason of any Disorders in the late Times; and to take away all Distinctions and Occasions of Discord among them, to the End that they, having an entire Confidence in His Majesty, and perfect Union amongst themselves, may be encouraged in their Duty to His Government, and more fully and securely enjoy the Benefit of it; and His Majesty, judging, that the best Way to render this His Gracious Purpose most extensive and effectual, is to pass an Act of Free and General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion: His Majesty doth earnestly recommend the Consideration thereof to both Houses of Parliament, that, with all the Expedition a Matter of that Kind will admit, they may prepare a Bill for that Purpose, for the Royal Assent; with such Exceptions only, as to them shall seem necessary for the Vindication of publick Justice, the Safety of Their Majesties, and the Settlement and Welfare of the Nation for the future.

Resokved, Nemine contradicen That the humble Thanks of this House be given to his Majesty for his Gracious Message this Day.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address of Thanks to be presented to his Majesty, for his most Gracious Message this Day to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Christopher Sir Tho.

Clarges, Mr. Finch, Mr. Hamden, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Sommers, Sir Hen. Go Mr. Dalben, Mr. Buscowen, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Wm. Williams, Sir Rob. Nappier, Lord WiltshireMr. Howe, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Eyres, Sir Robert Danvers: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to make their Report to the House with all convenient Speed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir AdamOttley',

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Journal of the House of the Year 1660; what were the Proceeding of the Bill of General Indemnity then.

And it is referred to Sir Hen. Goodrick, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Garway, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rob. Cotton, Air.

Attorney General, Mr. Dalben, Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Grey, Mr. Finch, Mr. Capell, Mr. Harbord, Sir John Guise, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Russell, Major Sir

Trevor William, Mr. Eyres', or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to make their Report to the House with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That Mr. Ettrick, have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do make Enquiry, why the Rooms called the Star Chamber, Duchy Chamber, Exchequer Chamber, Court of Wards, and Queen’s Court, are not reserved and admitted to be for the Service of the Parliament

The House being informed, that Captain Motley, and privilege — his Witnesses, and Mr. Bowtell, were at the Door; a Verson

Resolved, That Captain Motley be called in committed

And he l>eing come in; and charged with what was [n^rmution. said against him; he denied that he spake any such things as were charged upon him.

Resolved, That Mr. Bowtell, and the other Witnesses, be called in.

And they being come in; and Mr. Bowtell being asked.

Who was present besides himself; and he saying, that Mrs. Bromfeild, the Woman of the House, and one Air.

Butler, and Mr. Chorniy, who were now present;

They, being examined touching the same, denied they heard so much as the late or the now King named, or any thing against the Government spoken of: But said, Mr.

Bowtell was in Drink; and that Captain Motley and he wrere discoursing about Ships; and that he gave the Captain ill Words.

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That Captain Motley be discharged.

Resolved, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do take the said Mr. Bowtell into Custody, for giving the said untrue Information.

Mr. Hamden acquaints the House, That he, and other Answer of the Members who were of his Majesty’s most honour- respecting able Privy Council, had, according to the Order of Satur- ^’"v.v and day last, attended his Majesty with the humble Desires of Aril^' the House, touching an Estimate of what Fleet will be necessary for the Summer’s Service; and what the mutual Obligations of Assistance are, by any Treaties, between this Crown and the States of Holland: And that his Majesty had given Orders to have the same prepared; and to have the same sent as soon as they could be got ready.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Punishing punishing such Soldiers as Should mutiny and desert their Mutiny and Majesties Service, be revived. Desertion.

The House being informed, That the Committee to Coronation whom it was referred to inspect the Coronation Oath, and 0all)* consider what Alterations or Amendments are fit to make therein; and to report the same to the House; had sat several times; and could not come to a Determination of what was so referred to them;

Resolved, That the House do now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take the same Matter into their Consideration,

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That Air. Dalben do take the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Dalben took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dalben reports from the Committee of the whole House, That, they having inspected the former Corona- j

tien Oaths, and considered what Alteration or Amendments are fit to be made therein, they had agreed upon a Form of a Coronatioa Oath: Which he read in his Place: and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w as read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth:

" Archbishop. — Will you solemnly promise and swear to govern the People of this Kingdom of England, and the Dominions thereto belonging, according to the Statutes in Parliament agreed on, and the Laws and Customs of the same.

King. — I solemnly promise so to do.

Archbishop. — Will you, to your Power, cause Law and Justice, in Alercy, to be executed in all your Judgments.

King. — I will.

Archbishop. — Will yon, to the utmost of your Power, maintain the Laws of God, the true Profession of the Gospel, and the Protestant Reformed Religion established* by Law; and will you preserve unto the Bishops and Clergy of this Realm, and the Churches committed to

their

W.fisfM.

2 5° — i&Martii.

6 5

their Charge, all such Rights and Privileges, as by Law do or shall appertain unto them, or any of them.

King. — All this I promise to do.

After this, the King, laying his Hand upon the Holy Gospel, shall say,

King. — The 1 hings, which I have here before promised, I will perform and keep: So help me God.

Then the King shall kiss the Book.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in, to establish the Coronation Oath; and that a Committee be appointed to prepare the Bill:

And it is referred to Mr. Finch, Sir Sir Tho.Clarges, Sir Christophe Lord Falklandf

Mr. Godolphin, Lord Rati Mr. Hamden, Mr. Eyres,

Mr. Dotben, Sir Wm.Williams, Mr. Grey, Mr. P. Foley, Mr. Parker, Mr. Somers, Mr. Mr. Etterick, Mr.

Brewer, Sir Fra. Russell, Major or any Three

of them.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except the Committee lor preparing the Address to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 26° die Martii. i° Willielmi et Marias.

Praters.

Westminster /~\ RDERED, That the Bill for establishing Courts of 4c Courts of \J Conscience in the City of Westminster, Borough of Conscience. Southwarke, the Two Hamlets, and Out-Parishes with-

in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, be read a Second time

Excise on Beer.

Leave of Absence.

Tomorrow Sevennight.

A Petition of the Common Brewers within the Tow ns and Counties of Cambridge, Oxford, and Hertford, and the Cities and Universities thereof, in Behalf of themselves and others, being offered to the House;

Resolved, That the; Petitioners be called in, to own the same.-

Several of the Petitioners did come in; and own their Hands thereto.

Then the Petition was read; whereby the Petitioners did complain of several Abuses in the Gaugers, for gauging and charging their Worts hot out of the Coppers, in the Backs and Coolers, and not in the Tun; and for returning Strong Beer for Strong Ale; and Small Beer for Small Ale; and for allowing a T hird Part of the Allowance the Law directs: And that the Petitioners had applied to the Commissioners of the Excise; but could obtain no Redress: And therefore praying Relief.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table; to be considered when the Matter of the Revenue, touching the Excise, comes into Consideration.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Cave have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, for his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Morley have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Mr. Eldred have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight

Mr. Gztyn, Sir John Holt, Mr. Coningsby, Mr. Hence, Mr.

Arnold, Mr. T. Foley, Sir Matth.Andrea'S, Mr. Ash, Sir TVm. Gregory, Mr. Colt, Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Ph. Foley,

Nr. Done, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Sir

John Morgan, Mr. Whitehead, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. St.

Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. John Chetuynd, Mr. Philipps, and all the Members that serve for the County of Hereford:

And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act 9aths o( for Abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths, was read the First time. a,ce ey"

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Win. Williams have Leave to attend at the Lords Bar, as Counsel, in a Cause between ^tend Lord* Read and Williams. as Council.

A Petition of John Clapham, Esquire, a Patent Officer Marches in the Court holden before the President and Council of the Court in Marches of Wales; praying to be heard, concerning the Wales, same, before the Bill lor taking away that Court do pass.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking away the Court bolden belore the President and Council of the Marches of Wales is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill for the more speedy and effectual Convicting Disarming and Disarming of Papists, was read the First time. Papists.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hamden, One of his Majesty’s most honourable Navy Privy Council, acquaints the House, That he had re- Estimate, kc. ceived from his Majesty, according to the Desires of the House on Saturday last, in a Letter from the Earl of Nottingham, One of his Majesty’sPrincipalSecretaries of State,

An Account what Fleet will be necessary for this Summer’s Service; also an Extract of the Treaty between this Crown and the States of Holland, in respect of the Obligations of mutual Assistance: which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth.

Navy Office, 23 March 1688-9.

Ax ESTIMATE of the Charges of the Wages, Victuals, and Wear and Tear, for One Year, of Fifty Ships of War, of the Second, Third, Fourth Rates; Fifteen small Ships, and Eight Fire-ships, as by a List thereof apart, to be employed in the narrow Seas, and Mediterranean; and also of One Third, Nineteen Fourth, Two Fifth Rates, and Two Fire-ships, for the Plantations and Convoys; according to a Project thereof herewith presented.

For the Charge of 17,15 5 Men serving in £. the said Sixty-five Ships of War, and Eight Fire-ships, computed at 4/. each Man aMonth, / 829,060

is, for One Month, 68,620/.; and, for 13!

Months, amounts to - - - -J

For the Charge of 4,540 Men serving iif the said Twenty-two Ships of War, and Two Fire-ships, at 41, each Mah aMonth, is for > 236,080

One Month, 18,160/.; and, for 13 Months! amounts to - - - - -I

Coke’s

Estate.

A Motion being made, that Mr Miller have Leave to ^gp into the Country, for a Fortnight;

And the Question being put, That he have such Leave;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill to enable Younger Coke, Esquire, to sell Lands to pay his Debts, and to provide for his Younger Children, was rpad the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jos. Tre-denham, Mr. Dalben, Colonel Birch, Sir 11m.

Vol. X.

£. 1,128,140

Total is Eleven hundred Twenty-eight thousand One hundred and Forty Pounds.

Carbeiy, Tho. Lee, J. Lowther, John Chichley, WiU.

Sacherertll.

By Command of the Commissioners,

P. Bowles, RiohardHaddock, Will.Booth, J.Sotherne.

tt

66

Treaty with EXTRACT of the Treaty between England and Holland. Holland, concluded at Westmin the Third Day

of March, 1677-8.

Art. IV.

If his Majesty, or the said States General, shall hereafter happen to be attacked, or in any sort whatsoever to be molested in the Possession and Enjoyment of the States, Lands, Towns, Places, Rights, Immunities, and Liberty of Commerce, Navigation, or in any other whatsoever, which his said Majesty, or the said States General do or shall have Right to enjoy, either by the Law of Nations, or by Treaties already made, or that shall be concluded; his Majesty, and the said States General, upon Notice and Demand of each other, shall jointly use their utmost Endeavours, that such Molestation and Hostility may cease, and Reparations be given for the Wrongs or Injuries that shall be done to either of the Allies.

Art V.

And in case that the said Attack or Molestation shall be followed with an open Rupture, the Ally who shall not be attacked shall be obliged to come to a Rupture Two Months after the first Demand made by the Ally already engaged in a Rupture; during which Time he shall use all his endeavours, by his Ambassadors or other Ministers to mediate an equitable Accommodation, between the Aggressor or Disturber, and the Party attacked or molested: notwithstanding which, he shall, during that Time, give a powerful Succour to his Ally, according to what shall be agreed upon, by separate Articles, between his Majesty and the said States General: Which Articles, although not mentioned in the present Article, shall be kept and observed as if they were here inserted or written. And after the Expiration of which Term of Two Months it shall however remain in the Choice of the Ally engaged in a Rupture, whether he will continue to enjoy the Benefit of that Succour, in case the Conjucture of Time and the State of his Affairs shall make him prefer it before an open Rupture of his Ally.

Separate ARTICLES.

I.

The Case mentioned in the Fifth Article happening, the said King and his Successors, and the said States General, shall be obliged to assist each other, as often as they shall be attacked or molested, as is more at large expressed in the said Article, in manna* following; that is to say, His Majesty of Great Britain shall assist the States General with Ten thousand Foot, and the States General shall assist his Majesty with Six thousand Foot, well-armed, under such Regiments, Companies, Colonels and other Officers, as his said Majesty, and the States General shall think fit, and conceive most proper for such an Assistance; And likewise with Twenty Ships of War well equipped and provided: Which Succours shall be supplied and maintained at his Charge who sends it to the Aid of the Party attacked.

II.

When the Necessity of Affairs shall make it appear, that the Succours promised and settled ought to be augmented, the said King and the said States General shall endeavour to come to an Agreement about it

Resolved, That the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider, and to report to the House, what Sum may be necessary to allow by the Year for the Charges of a Summer and Winter Guard at Sea, and Guards and Garrisons at Land, and the Office of the Ordnance, in time of Peace, do consider of the said Estimate and Extract, and of the State of the Fleet for this Summer’s Service; and to report the same with their Opinions, to the House, with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hales, Lord Falkland, Sir John Bancks, Mr. C. Bertye, Colonel Birch, be added to the said Committee.

Committee*. Ordered, ThataU Committees be revived.

A. 1689.

A Motion being made, that the House will consider of Princes* a Provision to be made for a Revenue for the Princess Anne of Denmarke; ,

Resolved, That when the Matter of the Revenue shall come under Consideration, the House will then consider of settling a Revenue upon the Princess of Denmark.

Mr. Dalben reports from the Committee appointed to Coronation prepare and bring in a Bill to establish the Coronation Oath.

Oath, That they had prepared a Bill accordingly: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That the Bill be read.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Com- -mittee, to whom it was appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for establishing the Coronation Oath: And that Mr. Christy, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr.

Done, Mr. Roberts, Lord Digby, Sir Rich. Temple, be added to the Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock in the Queen’s Court.

The Serjeant at Arms attending the House, acquaints Rooms for the House, That he had, according to the Order of Yes- the Service of terday, made Enquiry touching the Star Chamber, Duchy th* House. Chamber, Exchequer Chamber, Court of Wards, and Queen’s Court, and that there were Two Rooms at the Duchy Chamber, and One at the Queen’s Court, which were at the Service of the House, for Committees.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Marche* taking away the Court held before the President and Court in Council of the Marches of Wales is referred, be revived WaIes* and do sit this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Duchy Chamber.

Ordered, That the Calling over the House be adjourned Call of the till Thursday next come Sevennight. Hou6e*

Ordered, That the Hearing of the Matter, touching Buckuigham the Election for the Town of Buckingham, before the Com- *-lection* mittee of Elections and Privileges, be put oft' until Friday Sevennight next.

Sir John Holt reports from the Committee, to whom Removing the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, for the Re- Papists, moving of Papists and reputed Papists from the Cities of London and Westminster, and Ten Miles Distance from the same, was referred, That they, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the same; with a Proviso, ,to except such as have inhabited for Two Months; and also another Proviso for N ine Portugall Men Servants, and N ine English Women Servants, for the Queen Dowager: The which Amendments and Provisoes he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be Part of the Bill.

The Bill with the Amendments was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass with the said Amend- . ments.

Ordered, That Sir John Holt do carry the Bill up to the Lords, and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House thereunto, with the said Amendments; and desire their Lordships Concurrence to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller be added to the Committee Committee of Privileges and Elections. of Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

26° Martiu

Aulnage

Duty.

Leave of Absence.

Tregony

Writ.

Leave of Absence.

Haclney Coach e*.

Coronation

Oath.

Privilege — a pers >n reprimanded and discharged.

Leave of Abduce.

Punishing Mutiny and Insertion.

Last

G ousted Lection.

i W.M. 27° Martii. 6y

Mercurii, 27* die Martii;

1* Willielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Weavers of Worsted and other Stuffs in Norwich and Norfolk, was read. Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee who are appointed to consider of the Petition of divers Clothiers of the County of, Gloucester, to consider the Matter of the said Petition; and to report the same, with their Opinions, to the House: And they are hereby impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Colt have Leave for a Fortnight, from Monday next, to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tregony in the County of Cornwall, in the Room of Charles Boscowen, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Sanderson have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

A Bill for Licensing Hackney Coaches, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time this Day Three Weeks.

Mr. Dalben reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing the Coronation Oath, was referred,. That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon several Amendments to be made thereunto: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed upon by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments be ingrossed.

A Petition of Nathanael Bow in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was read; by which he begged the Pardon of the House, and prayed to be discharged.

Resolved, That he have the Reprimand of the House; and be then discharged, paying his Fees.

And he was brought in to the Bar; and had a Reprimand, by Mr. Speaker, accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Glyn have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr. York. have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

Mr. Harbord reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for punishing Soldiers which Should mutiny, and desert their Majesties Service, was referred, That they having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon several Amendments to be made thereunto: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Grinsted in the County of Susses,

the State of the Case as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing: Which, being read at the Clerk’s Table, is as followeth:

Vo L. X.

Upon the Petition of John Conyers, Esquire, against Sir Thom. Dyke, the Sitting Member.

That the Question was, Whetner the Burgage-holders-alone, or the Inhabitants, as well as the Burgage-holders, had the Right of Election.

That Mr. Conyers's Counsel proved the Right to be in the Inhabitants, as well as Burgage-holders, from the several Authorities following; viz.

1 mo Marice, The Bailiff, Burgesses, and all other Inhabitants, have elected —

140 Eliz. Burgesses and Inhabitants-----

30 Eliz. Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of their common Assent jointly together, have elected-----.

21 Jac.T. The Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of

their common Assent, <^c.

1 Car. I. Bailiff and others of the Commonalty of the said Borough have elected —

15 Car. I. Thomas Dine, and others, Burgage-holders,

and Edw. Nmint on, and others, Inhabitants, do elect Robert Goodwin — .

16 Car. 1. Burgenses et alii Inhabitantes elegentnt. — To which there are Forty-four Names.

That, besides which, the Journal of 1G40 was produced; whereby it appeared, that Mr. Goodwin was agreed to be well elected by the Inhabitants, upon a Report made'Trom the Committee of Elections, in a Contest between him and Mr. White, who was elected by Burgage-holdersonly.

That another Journal of the House Was also read; whereby it appeared, that in the Year 1679, upon the Election of Henry Powle, Esquire, the same Question was before the Committee: Whereupon, and upon producing several of the Records aforesaid, the Committee were of Opinion, " That the Right -of Election for the said Borough was in the Inhabitants, as well as Burgage-holders; and that the said Mr. is duly elected."

To which the House afterwards agreed.

That Robert Mathews, a Witness for Mr. Conyers, affirmed, -That he was present at this Election; and that, before the Election was declared, a Poll was demanded for the Inhabitants; and a Return, of Mr. Sackvill and Mr. Conyers, tendered under the Hands and Seals of Forty-two Inhabitants: But the Bailiff refused to admit them to a Poll, or accept of their Return.

That, of these Persons, Six were Borough holders.

That the whole Number of Inhabitants in the Borough, who pay Scotland Lot, is about Sixty.

That it was also proved, that Mr. Goodwin Wharton, and Mr. Jephson, in King Charles the Second's time, were chosen by the Inhabitants, as well as Burgage-holders: And, at this Election, none of the Inhabitants offered to poll for Sir Thomas Dyke.

That, on the other Side, it was proved, that Sir Thomas Dyke had the Majority of the Burgage-holders:

The Proofs offered by his Counsel and Witnesses were as follows:'

The Records of 12 Edw. IV. Burgesses — . 17

IV. Burgess of the Commonalty — . 28 Eliz. Burgesses

and Inhabitants — . 15 Car. I. Bailiffs and Burgesses

chose John White — . 13 Car. II. Bailiff and Burgesses

— .27 Car. II. Bailiff and Burgesses chose Edward Sack-vile. 29 8$ 30 Car. II. Bailiff and Burgesses---.

That John Bartholomew, Seventy-four Years old, remembers when the Lord Buckhurst and Sir Geo. Cour-

thopewere chosen; and it was by the Burgage-holders.

That John Langridge knew Captain Sackvile's Elec-

tien, and Mr. Pelhams, to be by Burgage-holders.

That there were Objections made against some of Mr. Conyers' Votes; That Two or Three of them lived in One House, and did not all pay to the Church and Poor: And the Poor’s Book being produced, those Exceptions were found frivolous, they being all charged to Church and Poor.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee, finding both by Records, and Witnesses, that the Usage of the Election for the said Borough hath been, for the most part, by the Inhabitants at large, as well as the Burgesses; the Committee came to Four Resolutions: Which he read in

hia

J

Prince of

Denmark’s

Nat,

68 27°- — 28° . A. 1689.

1

his Place; and afterwards, delivered in the same at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, areas followeth: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Burgage-holders alone, within the Borough of East Grimsted in the County of Sussex, have not the

Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Inhabitants, as well as the Burgage-holders, of the Borough of East Grimstead, have Right to vote in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, That Sir Thomas Dyke is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Grimstead.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Conyers, Esquire, is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of sted.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

The Question was put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, That the Burgage-holders alone within the Borough of East -sted in the County of Sussex have not the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And

It passed in the Negative.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

The Question was put, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Inhabitants, as well as the Burgage-holders, of the Borough of East have

Right to vote in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And

It passed in the Negative, Nemine conlradicente.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

The Question was put, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Tho. Dyke is not duly elected a Burgess to serve for the Borough of East Grinstead: And

It passed in the Negative.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

The Question was put, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That John , Esquire, is

duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Grinstead: And

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Dolben and Mr. Baron Nevil;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, passed their House, intituled, An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament, for naturalizing the most Noble Prince George of Denmark: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read the Second time;

The Bill was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Finch, Sir JVm. Williams, Sir Tho.

Clarges, Mr. Colt, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Mansell, Sir John Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Mr. Windham, Sir John Holt, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Boscowen, Sir Cha. Raleigh,- Mr. Done, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Jos. Trer denham, Mr. Sacheverell, Major Mr. Tho. Foley,

Sir Tho.Dyke: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Queen’s Court

And then the House adjourned till Nine of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Jovis, 28* die Martii; ’

1* WiUielmi et Marias.

Praters.

A BILL that the Simony of one Person may not simoaiacai prejudice another, was read the Second time. Promotions. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Gwyn , Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Dalben, Sir Wm. Poultny, Mr. Eyres,

Mr. Roberts, Colonel Birch, Sir John Cutler, Lord Nor-reis, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Carter, Sir John Knight, Sir Wm. Meyle, Lord Fitzharding, Lord Digby, Sir Williams, Sir John Barker, Sir John Cary, Sir Jos. denham, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir H. Good-rick, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Robert Sawyer: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Duchy Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir John Cordell have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for a Fortnight. Absence.

Ordered, That the Lord Commissioner Maynard have Leave to go into the Country, for Four or Five Days.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom Marches the Bill for taking away the Court holden before the Pre- Court in sident and Council of the Marches of Wales is referred, Wales-to consider of the Petition of Charles Register,

Robert Harmell Examiner, Charles Coleing Clerk of the Billets, Patent Officers in the said Court; which was read the Twenty-seventh of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, to be considered when the Bill was to be read a Second time: and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That all Members of the House that serve for the several Counties and Places within the Principality of Wales, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking away the Court holden before the President and Council of the Marches of Wales, is referred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for London the paving the Streets, and also for the cleansing the Paving, &c. Streets and Highways in the Cities of London and Liberties thereof.

Sir William TFilliatnsreports from the Committee, to Address on

whom it was referred to draw up an Address of Thanks Message ibr to be presented to his Majesty, for his most gracious Mes- General sage to this House the Twenty-fifth Instant, That they, ar on' having taken the Matter into their Consideration, had prepared an Address, accordingly: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, a small Amendment was made thereunto by the House: And then, upon the Question put thereupon, the same was agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth:

May it please Your Most Excellent Majesty,

WE Your Majesty’s most loyal and dutiful Subjects the Commons of England now assembled in Parliament* being filled with Joy and Gratitude, by Your most Gracious Message recommending to us the Consideration of an Act of Free and General Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion, humbly assure Your Majesty, we now directly see, what we always believed, that Justice and Mercy are to be equally and indifferently extended and distributed ta all Your People, in the Administration of Your Government. This doth confirm our entire Confidence in Your Sacred Majesty, and cannot but make us believe, and heartily hope, it will conduce much to a perfect Union among Your Subjects. If any thing happen amiss, it;

must proceed from ourselves, and not from Your Majesty; since You are pleased to set no other Bounds to Your Grace and Clemency, than such as to Your Pdrlia-; ment shall seem necessary. It is our Duty, and shall ever be our principal Care, to provide for Your Majesty’s 25 , .{ Safety,

'3

V;

'h

Prince of

l)eum:irk’f

Kat.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Leave of Absence.

Coronation

Oath.

Punishing

Mutiny and Desertion.

w. & M.

28° Ma

*9

Safety, as well in this, as in all our Proceedings, with ex- Also, that the Lords desire a present Conference with tlMir* ceptions agreeable to Your most merciful Purposes; only, this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Siibject Coneren*' that we may manifest to the World, we desire to comply Matter of the Bill, sent up this Morning, intituled, An intirely with Your Majesty’s Mercy, as far as is consistent Act for removing Papists, artd reputed Papists, from the’

with the Security of Your Royal Person, and the Government. As Your Majesty hath been pleased to accept the Imperial Crown of this Realm, so You are resolved all Your good Subjects shall partake of the Blessings of Your Coronation; which must oblige and dispose all good men to join and unite in all Acts that may secure and support Your Majesty’s Crown and Government, Speaker acquainted them therewith.

__ 1 ___ ________x n 1 x 1 v 1 x . 1 jj___f,_t rm_ _ i. c* i... t

Cities of London and Westminster, and Ten Miles Distance from the same.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

The Messengers were called ill again; and Mr,

Resolved, That Sir John Lee, Sir Tho. Sir Chris.

Musgrave, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Sir Geo.Treby,

Mr. Finch, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Dalben, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Jos. Tredenham, be the Managers of the Conference,

Mr. Hamden reports from the Conference with the with Sir William Williams, do attend his Majesty with Lords, That the Earl of Pembrook managed the Coii* on Bid far the humble Address of the Thanks of this House, for his ference; and said, That they desire the Conference in Majesty’s most Gracious Message to this House, the reference to Two Things, relating to the Amendment*

under our "present Constitution and Establishment, and never to depart from the same.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, together

Five-and-twentieth Instant.

Sir Hen. Capell reports from the Committee, to w'hom the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament, for the Naturalizing the Most Noble Prince George of Denmark, was referred, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, did not think fit to make any Amendments thereto.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass

by this House proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

1. In an Alteration of the First Proviso, L. 6, instead of "Two," to read " Six," for this Reason;

Because, within the Time of Two Months, before the 13th of February, many may be supposed to have come up to this Town, upon some ill Designs, that were Inhabitants here formerly.

2, That they do not agree to the Change of the Proviso concerning the Queen Dowager;

Because her Majesty the Queen Dowager hath so many Years made such moderate Use of the Articles of . Marriage, that there hath not been any just Occasion of

Resolved, That Sir Henry Capell do go to the Lords, Complaint in her Enjoyment of them! And it may seem

and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House to the Bill.

The Bill for punishing Soldiers who Should mutiny, and desert their Majesties Service, was read the Third time.

A Proviso, ingrossed, was offered, as a Rider, to be made Part of the Bill; and was Twice read; and was to this Effect; That, in all Cases of Death, the Officers w ho try the Prisoner Should take an Oath to try and determine the Matter according to the Evidence: And that no Sentence Should be given by less than Nine; and if the Court were above that Number, then by the Majority: And that no Proceedings or Sentence Should be given, but between Eight of the Clock in the Morning, and One in the Afternoon.

Resolved, That the Proviso be read the Third time.

The Proviso was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for punishing Officers or Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service.

to be at this time a kind of Severity to her Majesty to have those Articles, still restrained, by virue of That Act which was made for Preservation of the Person of the King her Husband; which Reason now ceases. And it is evident, in the Time of the late King James, when her* Majesty might have been encouraged to entertain more Persons of her own Religion, most of her Servants, and Those in the most considerable Places, continued; and also others received into her Family,. although Protestants. And it is conceived, it may be of ill Consequence, if her Majesty, by not living easily ’here, Should be obliged to retire into Foreign Parts.

The Question being put, That the House proceed upon the said Report;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the

Tellers for the Noes,{^Bertyt*’

And so it passed in the Negative.

In 81

138.

The Debate upon the Proviso, offered to be made CoronatV. Part of the Bill for establishing the Coronation Oath, Oath, was resumed.

And the Question being put, That the Proviso be read a Second time: And

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Mackworth and Sir Thomas

TayUr have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

The Bill for establishing the Coronation Oath, was read the Third time.

A Proviso, ingrossed, wras offered, as a Rider, to be made Part of the Bill: Which was read the First time;

and is as follows:

" Provided alw ays, and be it hereby Declared, That be, An Act for establishing the Coronation Oath, no Clapse in this Act shall be understood so to bind the Kings and Queens of this Realm, as to prevent their giving their l'oyal Assent to any Bill which shall, at any time, be offered by the Lords and Commons, assembled in Parliament, for the taking away or altering any Form or Ceremony in the Established Church, so as the Doctrines of the said Church, a publick Liturgy, and the Episcopal Government of it, be preserved."

A Debate arose thereupon. —

and Allegiance.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cook and

Sir Robert Legat'd;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That the Lords have agreed to the Bill for punishing Officers or Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert their Ma jesties Service.

Vo L. X.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Oath* of Act for Abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Al- Supremacy legiance, and appointing other Oaths, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Wm. Williams, Sir Rob. Gwyn, Lord Falkland, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Rob.

Nappier, Sir Philip Skippon, Sir Christopher Musgrave

Mr. Garway, Mr. Hamden, jun. Mr. Hamden, Sir Hen.

Capell, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Grey, Mr. Grtyn, , Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Finch, Sir Richard Middleton, Sir Tho.Clarges, Lord Brandon, Mr. Carter, SirWm.Ashurst,

Mr. H. Herbert, Mr. Dolben, Lord Digby, Major Wild-man, Mr. Boscowen, Sir John Barker, Mr. Sand ford, Sir FraHiussell, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Medlicet, Ellis,

S Mr.

79

28° Martii.

A 16^8^.

The House interpose to prevent a Quarrel.

Mr. Tho. Foley, Colonel Birch, Mr. Mr.

TVogan, Sir Thos. Barnudist Mr. Mr. England, Sir fVm. Cook, Mr. Done: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet oi\ Monday next, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will sit on Monday next.

s

The House being informed that there was a Quarrel in the House, between Sir Thomas and Mr.

Resolved, That they be required to give in their Protestation, that they will not prosecute any Quarrel.

And Mr. Speaker required the same: And they gave their Protestations accordingly.

New Radnor Ordered, That the Matter touching the Election of E ectiea. Burgesses for the Borough of New Radnor, upon the Petition of William Prohert, Esquire, be heard by the Committee of Privileges and Elections upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the further Examination of the Matter touching Mrs. Fitzharris, which was appointed to be this Day, be adjourned until Tuesday next: And that

the Clerk of the Crown do then attend.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Dunce, 1° die Aprilis; 1’ Willielmi ct Mariae.

Fitzharris’

Case.

Excise on Beer. N

Citizens fined for Riot at Guildhall, 1683.

Marlbrough

Election.

PRATEUS,

AP ETIT10 N of the common Brewers of the City find County of the City of Coventry', complaining of divers Abuses in the Gaugers for gauging and charging their Worts in the Coppers and Coolers, and not in the Tun; and returning it for Ale, whereas it was in tp*uth Beer; and that they have not had those -Allowances which the Law directB; and‘ that they had applied to, the Commissioners of the Excise and Justices of the Peace, but could have no Relief; and therefore proving Relief therein; was read.

Resolved, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to he considered when the Matter of the Revenue, touching the Excise, comes into Consideration.

A Petition of divers Citizens, unjustly accused of a Riot ?t: Guild-hall, 24 June 1682, and fined for the same 8 May 1683, was offered to be read.

Resolved, That the Petition do lie upon the Table; and that the Petitioners do attend Tomorrow Morning, to own the same.

Cofonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Mattel*, touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mar through in the County of Wilts, was referred, the State of the Fact, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced m Writing: Which being read at the Table, is, as followeth;

Upon the Petition of the Inhabitants of against Sir John Ernly and Sir George Willoughby, Sitting Members.

That the Question w?s, Whether the Election ought to be by the Mayor, and a select Number of Burgesses; or, by the Populace, paving Scotland Lot.

That, for the Petitioners, their Council insisted, that > there never was a Mayor till IV; and that, of common Right, the Inhabitants had a Right, unless the contrary was proved: That the Mayor was in time of Memory as'before; and so he, and the select Number, could not prescribe to have the Right of Election.

That it was also insisted, that the Number of the Burgesses were uncertain; sometimes more, sometimes less.

° And that they produced Returns, 28 E. I —

3® ]£.I. firo Commuuihjle Burg —

6 E- II. pro Burgo, — ' 18 Elis. Charter. — of Mayor

and Burgesses, to govern the Town, with several Inspexi-mus’s.

Also 23 Oct' 1640, a Return, under the Common Seal.

That for the Sitting Member the Counsel insisted, that the Right of Election was in the Mayor, and select Number of Burgesses, which were about Fifty*

And that Sir John Ernly had Forty-six, and Sir George Willoughby had Forty-five.

And produced Indentures of Return 9 IT. IV; 36 H. VIII; 7 E. VI; 1 Mar.: 1 and 2 Mar.: All mentioned to be under the Common Seal of Mayor and Burgesses.

And that a Witness, the Town Clerk, proved. That he had lived at Marlbrough ever since 163b, and was formerly Clerk to the Town Clerk, and took the Poll upon several Elections, and had been Town Clerk himself 25 Years; and never heard of any popular Election, till 1679, that the Pretence of such a Right was set up: And that upon a Contest, touching That Election, Two Persons, who are dead, and had been conversant about Elections, testified and said (the One for Sixty, the other for Forty Years) they never knew of any Election by the Populacy.

That there was read, the Return, made upon that Election, of the Lord Bruce and Mr. Bennet; and the Report and Resolution of the House upon the Contest ojf that Election, 24 December 1680; whereby it appeared, that they who had been chosen by the Mayor and select Number were duly elected. 1

That it was also testified, That the free Burgesses had divers Privileges above the Inhabitants; as, that they were Toll-free, and that there was a Close of Eighty Acres always let to the free Burgesses.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee finding, both by the Records, and Witnesses, that the

Usage of the Election for the said Borough hath been

© ©

by the Mayor and select Number of Burgesses, came to Two Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Marlbrough in the County of Wilts, is in the Mayor, and select Number of Burgesses.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir John Ernly, Knight, and Sir George JVilltjughby,

Knight, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Marlbrough.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serv e in Parliament for the Borough of Marlbrough in the County of Wilts, is in the Mayor, and select Number of Burgesses.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, Tlrat Sir John Ernly, Knight, and Sir George Willoughby, Knight, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter, touching the Election of Burgesses ,to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Andover in the County of Southampton, . ...; the State of the Fact as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing: Which, being read at the Table, is as followeth:

Upon the Petition of Sir RHenley, and John Venables, Esquire, against Pa ale. ft and John

Pollen, Esquires, the Sitting Members for the Borough of Andover.

That the Question was, Whether the Election lay in the Bailiff, and select Number of Burgesses only; br, in the Populace.

That

Andover

Election.

iWJ M. i° Jprilis. 71

That, for the Petitioners, the Counsel insisted that Andover was an ancient Borough that used to send Members to Parliament; which have been chosen by the Populace:

And produced Two Precepts, for the Electing of Burgesses, with their Returns, 33 E. I; and 34 E. I; but it did not appear, by whom they were chose; As also, Two Indentures of Return of Burgesses in 30 Elis, and 30 Elis; said to be with the Consent of the Corporation, and Commonality of the Town:

Also, a Writ for Electing of a Burgess for that Town, in the Place of Sir Henry Rainsford, then lately deceased;

with the Return of the same, Anno 41, under the Seal of the Corporation: Which Return had been amended, and Sir William frailer sName put in the Place of Sir Henry

Vernon, originally returned.

An Order of this House was likewise read, for the referring the Petition of Sir William , touching the

Election, to a Committee.

Richard Butcher, a Witness, said, Sir William Waller in 41, was chosen by the Populace;- for, he said, he heard them cry out A JValler! and that there was a Poll demanded: That he is aged about Sixty Years of Age; and was then about Fifteen Years of Age.

William Erney,a Witness, aged Sixty-four Years, spake to the like effect.

Another Witness — That there was a Petition against my Lord Delaware's Son, and Mr. Collins, in Oxford

Parliament, upon the' Right of the Populacy; but the Parliament was dissolved before it was determined.

That in Westminster Parliament, Two Years before the Burgesses were chosen by the select Number: That, for the last Parliament before This, the Town had a Design to assert their Rights; but the Town Clerk tlireat-ened them to prosecute them for a Riot if they did.,

That for the sitting Members, the Counsel agreed

Cr 7 o

the Question; but said further, That Andover w as a Corporation by Prescription; and that the Election of Burgesses had always been by the select Number: They insisted that the Records of E. I. shewed there were then Members returned; but it did not appear by them who were the Electors.

That they produced an ancient Book of the Corporation; by which it appeared, That several Courts had been held by the Maneloquiums, and an Order made per Sene-sea Hum, and 24 for Wardinos, 37 H. VI.

That they produced their Charter; which recited, That they had been a Corporation of Time immemorial.

Then where produced Indentures of Return, ss. of 28 Elis. 1 Jac. 18 Jac.2\Jac. 15 Car. I; under the Common Seal.

John Daw ling, Edu ard Cook, John Read, Witnesses, testified, They had known several Elections; and that all they remembered were by the select Number.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Counsel for the Petitioners agreeing it was a Corporation by Prescription; and, it appearing to the Committee, that the Usage of the said Borough had been to choose Burgesses by the Bailiff, and select Number only; the Committee came . to Two Resolutions: which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Andover in the County of Southampton, is in the Bailiff, and select Number of Burgesses, only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Francis Pow/ettand John P Esquires, are duly

elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Andover.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Andover in the County of Southampton, is in the Bailiff, and select Number of Burgesses, only.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Vol. X.

1

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Francis Rovlettami John Pollen, Esquires, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Andover.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privi- New Sarum leges and Elections, to whom the Matter, touching the klectiou. Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Next' Sarumin the County of w as

referred, the State of the Fact, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing: Which, being read at the Table, is as followeth:

Upon the Petition of Samuel Eyres, Esquire, and,

David Thomas, Doctor in Physick, against Thomas Hobby, and Giles Eyres, Esquires, the Sitting Members for the City of New Sarum.

That the Petitioners did not appear: But the Petitioners setting forth, in their Petition, that they were chosen by the Majority of the Citizens; the Committee proceeded e.r parte:And the Question appeared to be, Whe-

ther the Right of Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament, was in the select Number; or, in the Citizens in general.

That, for the Sitting Members, the Counsel insisted,

That the City of New Sarum was a Corporation of Time immemorial; consisting of a Mayor, 24 Aldermen, and 48 Common-council Men; who always had the Right of Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament.

And to this Purpose, produced a Charter, 6° Car. Iwi; reciting, that they had divers ancient Prescriptions time out of Memory, Charter, 9 Ja. I"1'; reciting them tb be ancient Corporations of a Mayor, 24 Aldermen, and 48 Assistants.

That they produced several Indentures of Return of Citizens to Parliament, 1* Maries; 14 1 Jac. I';

16 Car. I; 13 Car. II: All, under the common Seal.

Then they produced an ancient Book of the Corporation’s, marked vrith the Letter [J5]; by which it appeared, that an Election had been, 31 VI, of Two Citizens, by the Mayor, 24 and 48: That 33 H. VI, there had been a like Election, by the same Number:

That, 39 H. VI, Primo E. VI, $ 30 H. VIII, therfe had been an Election, by the same Number.

That then was produced the Resolution of this House,

That Mr. Serjeant Hyde, and Mr. Oldsrvorth, were duly elected, Anno 1640.

That then they produced a Book of the Corporation, marked with the Letter [C]; by which it appeared, the said Serjeant Hyde, and Mr. Oldswor wrere elected by the Corporation.

Thomas Cooke, a Witness, said, He is aged Sixty-four Years, or thereabouts; and that he never knew any Citizens sent to Parliament but they were elected by the Mayor,

24 Aldermen and Common-council Men; That he remembers the Election of 1640; and says, Serjeant Hyde, and Mr. Oldsicorth, were elected by the Corporation; and the Inhabitants chose Two others; but those the Corporation chose did stand: He says, he was acquainted with One Election in King Charles the First’s Time; and with all the Elections in King Charles the Second, and King James the Second’s Time.

Mr. Strong, Town Clerk of New Sarum, said, He has known the City near Thirty Years; and the Elections of Citizens for Parliament has always been by the Mayor and Corporation; and the Inhabitants never pretended a Right to it.

And that thereupon the Committee came to Two Resolutions: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being read, are as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Right of Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of New Sarum in the County of Wilts, is in the select Number.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Thomas Hobby, and Gyles Eyres, Esquires, being chosen by the select Number, are duly elected Citizens to serve in this present Parliamentfor the City of New Sarum.

The

Cricklade

Election.

7a i* Aprilis. A. 1689.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second. Voices; find that there was no King; and that it was but Cricklade 'time; a Convention; and, let the worst come to the worst, it election.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- would cost him but Forty Pounds, mittee, That the Right of Election of Citizens to serve Charles Kilmnster said, He heard the Bailiff say, he in Parliament for the City of Nab Sarum in the County would return Colonel Webb, if he had but Six Votes: of Wilts, is in the select Number. That he was present at the Election: That the Bailiff

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second began at one End of the Town, and skipped to the other: time; And he remembers Three Elections; and they used to

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- begin at one End of the Town, and so proceed through, mittee, That Thomas Hobby, and Gyles Eyres, Esquires, in Order: That, when he had called all the Votes that

being chosen by the select Number, are duly elected Ci- belonged to Colonel he left oft*: He says the

tizens to serve 111 this present Parliament for the City of Bailiff refused to proceed on the Poll; and so the Con-New Sarum. stable took it

Thomas testified, The Bailiff said, if Colonel

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Elec- Webb had but Six Votes, he would return Colonel Webb tiens and Privileges, to whom the Matter, touching the for One: That he voted for Colonel Webb; but that . Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament, several that voted for him w ould not vote for him again; for the Borough of Cricklade in the County of Wilts, was because things were carried so foul, referred, the State of the Fact, as it appeared to the Com- Nathanael Bird said, He was at the Election: That the mittee: Which he produced in Writing: Which, being Bailiff took Colonel Webb and Mr. /due's Votes first; He read at the Clerk's Table, is as followeth: says, they did not proceed according to the ordinary Way.

Dennis said, He has been Bailiff' of the Town of Upon the Petition of Thomas Freke, Esquire, against Cricklade: That this Election did not go on as formerly, the Return of Edmund Webb, Esquire, for the Bo- because the Bailiff did not call House by House; and at rough of Cricklade in the County of Wilts. some Houses be believes he did not call at all: That, at

That the Question was, Whether the Poll was duly the Closing of the Poll, he called One or Two that had closed, or no. no Votes; at which the People gave a Laughter: And

That it was agreed, by the Counsel on both Sides, the Bailiff said, he was afraid of his Life; and closed the That the Right of Election was in the Freeholders and Poll: Says, he never knew any excepted against, because Copy-holders of the Borough Houses, and Lease-holders his Estate was in Right of his Wife; but has known Some, for any Tenn, not under Three Years: Only, the Coun- whose Estates have been in Right of their Wives, that sel for Mr. Webb alledged, They ought to be possessed have voted; and knows no occasion the Bailiff had to of an Estate in their own Right, and not in Right of say he was in Fear of his Life.

their Wives. That, for Colonel Webb, the Sitting Member, the

Thomas Tainter, a Witness called on Behalf of the Pe- Counsel then said, They would not insist against the Right titioner, delivered in Two Papers: One containing a Poll of Election, as to them polled by the Constable; but taken by the Bailiff; the other, taken by the Constable. would proceed to prove the Force: And called

By the Poll, taken by the Bailiff, it appeared, That Mr. Mr. a Witness, who testified, That he w as

Webb had Twenty-one Voices, Mr. FrekeFive Voices. at the Election; That the Bailiff desired him to take the By the Poll, taken by the Constable, it appeared, That Poll: He says he presumes the Poll did not go on so Mr. Freake, besides the Voices in the Railiffs Poll, had luckily as expected; and Mr. Freke called Rogue; and Forty-five Voices; Colonel Webb, Four. So that the Con- one Mr. Bassett called Thief; and one Dennis was in a stable’s Poll being taken for Good; in the whole, Mr. very extravagant Passion, and struck one Mr. Williams;

Webb had Twenty-five Voices, Mr. Freke, Fifty. which he supposes was the Occasion of the Hurly-burly

That the said Thomas Tainter testified, That, when he that happened: And says, he believes, the Bailiff w'as was Bailiff, he advised with his Neighbours, Who had afraid. He said, they intended to go on; and said he the Right of Election; and it was agreed by them, That was sent to by some Gentlemen to go on with his Poll; the Right was in the Free-holders, Copy-holders, and and he said he would, if there was no Danger:- W here-Lease-holders; and they used to begin at one End of the . upon it was replied, if he was afraid, he had best take his Town and so go to the other, and take the Houses in Pistols along with him: So he supposes the Bailiff was Order; and the Majority of Voices carried it: But, this afraid, and shut up the Poll.

last Election, the Bailiff'called at what Houseshe pleased; That then he delivered in a List which the Bailiff and left the rest:' That there used to be no Denial of polled; and says, the Persons first placed are the Persons Voices, to Men that had an Estate in Right of their that shewed their Leases to the Bailiff; the Persons placed Wives: That, after the Bailiff had denied to proceed in next were the Freeholders; and the last were those that the Poll, the Constable took it: That Mr. Fox had about the Bailiff doubted their Right.

Sixty Votes; and Mr. Freke about Fifty: That one James That when the last Person polled, the Disturbance Bassett was excepted against by the Bailiff, because his began; and he thought it impossible for the Bailiff to Estate was in Right of his Wife; though he used to vote, proceed without great Abuses.

and particularly had before polled for Colonel Webb, and John Violet said, Before the Bailiff left Polling, there had been accepted: That the said Trainter himself, though was a great Mutiny; and he was hunched, but he see no he has been a Freeholder of the Town these Threescore Blows struck; and thinks the Disturbance was so great Years, was denied to vote: And that he was there when it was hard for the Bailiff to go on. the Constable was spoke to, to go to the Bailiff to pro- That when the Bailiff came to his House, they sent to ceed on the Poll; but the Bailiff refused, saying, He was him to go on with his Poll; and the Bailiff told them, he in Fear of his Life. was afraid; says Mr. Freke's Brother, " If you are afraid,

Mr. Pledwell, a Witness, said, He was employed to take you may come with Pistols in your Pocket, and defend the Poll; and as the Bailiff called them, he set them down: yourself."

That, by the Bailiff’s Poll, Colonel Jl'ebb had Twenty-one Mr. Palmer said, he was present at the Time of the Votes; Mr ~Freke, Five: That several offered themselves Election; and there was great Noise and Disturbance: to poll for Mr. Freke, but the Bailiff refused them: That That Silence was called Two or Three times; yet the the Bailiff called William Fry to the Poll, and called him Noise went on: And he see Mr. Dennis with his Elbows Two or Three times before he would answer; says he,- bouncing People up and down.

<£ I call William Fry the younger;" says he, " Detain John Calfe said, a Man, employed by Mr. Freke, told no Poll:" Thereupon there w as a great Shout; and he him, if he would draw his Beer for him, and be for him shut up the Poll, and said he w as in Fear of his Life. . he would pay him double and treble for it.

John G erring said, John Wilde, Bailiff of Cricklade, de- Mr. Fox, a Member of the House, said, he was at the dared he would return Colonel Webb, if he had but Six Election: He says, the First or Second that gave his Vote 18 was

i W.M.

4

Anlnage

Duty.

Leave of Absence.

Eye

Llection.

was a Child, about Fifteen Years of Age, which giving In-

7 r? 7 o o

timation of unfair Play, gave some Heat: At last one came (some one put in, to occasion Debate); and being asked, if lie had a Lease, said, he had none; thereupon there was a great Hum; and the Bailiff and Captain co line went away. He says, what Words of " Rogue" and " Rascal" passed, he knows not, nor did take notice of any great Noise; but when the Bailiff was withdrawn, they considered how to proceed with the Poll: That he feent his Servant to the Bailiff to go on with the Poll; but he said, he was afraid: At last, they sent to tell him, the Constable Should keep the Peace: When the Constable came, they called over the Names of those that had been Bailiffs; and they were to be Judges of the Poll.

Sir Edmund Warnford, aMember, said, He was at the

Election: lie says, he thought they proceeded very quietly, till, upon the Dispute of a young Lad's being polled, there grew' a great Noise; and another being called, who said he had no Lease, the Noise increased: That he see no Blows; but the Bailiff shut up his Paper, and said, he w as in Danger of his Life: 11c was sent. to come, and go on with the Poll; but he said, he was in Fear of his Life, and would not come.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee was of Opinion, the Poll was not duly closed by the Bailiff; and came to Three Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being read, are as followeth:

Resolved ', Nomine contradicente, That it is the Opinion

of this Committee, That the said Esquire,

is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough ot Crieklude inti:e County of /Fills.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Frehe, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess

to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Crieklude.

Resolved, That the Proceedings of the said Bailiff, on the said Poll, be reported specially to the House.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, That the said Edmund Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Wilts.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, That Thomas Esquire,

is duly elected a Burgess to serve in tiffs present Parliament lor the Borough of Crieklude.

Ordered, That John Wyld, Bailiff of the Borough of Crieklude in the County of Wilts, be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Miscarriages in the Matter of the Election of Burgesses to serve in tiffs present Parliament for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom it is referred to consider of the several Petitions, complaining of divers Abuses committed by the Aulnagers, be revived; and do sit on Wednesday next, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the County of Sufolkebe added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Sand ford have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks, his House being burnt.

Colonel Birch reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Election of Barons to serve in ttiis present Parliament for the Town and Port of Rye, was referred, the State of the Fact, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing: Which being read at the Table, is as iolloweth:

Upon the Petition of Sir John Austen, against Thomas Frevecn, Esquire, touching the Election of Rye in the County of Sussex’,

Vol. X.

That the Question was, Whether the fright of Election of Barons to serve in Parliament for the said Town, was in the Freemen, that are resident in the said Town, only; or, in the Freemen of the said Town, that are not resident there, as well those that are resident in the same.

That, for the Petitioner, the Counsel insisted, that the Petitioner had Sixteen unquestionable Votes; that the Sitting Member, Mr. Erezven, had Twenty-one Votes mr but that Five of them were made by Mr. Crouch, and Four others by Mr. Radford, who were not lawful Mayors; and consequently they not lawful Freemen: So that, taking Nine from Mr. Frczeens Twenty-one Votes, there would remain but Twelve for Mr* Frevecn; and so Sir John Austen had the Majority.

A Poll, delivered in by the Petitioner, taken for Sir John Austen and Sir John Darrell’,

Mich. Cadman, a Witness, said, The Persons that signed the Poll are Sixteen in Number: He knows them to be Freemen resident within the said Town at the time* of the Election.

Samuel Jeke, a Witness, said, He has lived in the Town above Sixty Years: Next Month, it is Thirty-eight Years since lie was a Freeman: That he has been Town Clerk several Years; and from 26 H. VI. to the time of the Act of Regulations, there is not One Precedent of any Foreign Freemen that appeared at any Election: That all Freemen are sworn to pay Scotland Lot, which was always understood to bear their Part of the Charge of the Franchises; but he never knew' Foreigners to pay towards the Charge of the Parish: That he never knew any foreign Freemen, till the Act for Regulation of Corporations, give any Vote, unless they had been Members of Parliament a Year before: That he never knew any foreign Freemen serve at any Coronation as Barons*, from the Time of H.VI. till the Coronation of Charles the Second; and it was but One then: That, for Eleven Years he was Town Clerk, there was never a Earthing Charge paid by any foreign Freeman tow'ards the Charge of a Bailiff to Yarmouth, or Wharfage; but apprehends,

if they were scotted they ought to pay; but never knew them scotted.

That then they produced.

An Act of the Brotherhood arid Ghestling, (which is ill the Nature of a Parliament for the Cinque Ports) That none but resident Freemen Should vote for any Head Officers or Barons: The Act w as dated the 20th of Charles the Second.

Mr. Tourney, a Witness, — That August 1681* was the Day of Election of Mayor, by Custom in that Town; and that Twenty Freemen appeared: That he and Crouch stood. And that Crouch had but Nine Votes, and he the said Tourney Eleven: That thereupon he demanded to be sworn; and was swrom, by the old Mayor going out of Office: But Mr. Crouch petitioned the Council, and was appointed to act for the present, and he left to restore himself by Iaw: That he sued out Three s,

and at last had the Judgment, and was restored; but, pending tiffs, Mr. Crouch had called several Assemblies, which cannot be but by a legal Mayor, and made William Williams, Antony Knight, John Collins, John Brooke, and John Harberd, Freemen: That when he, the said

Mr. Turney, was in the Possession of the Mayoralty, he called an Assembly; and it being moved, whether these Freemen, admitted by Mr. Crouch, w ere legally admitted; it was carried in the N egative; and they set aside.

That, at the next Election, Mr. Radford stood up to oppose him in the Mayoralty: That he the said Mr. Tourney had the Majority of Votes; but Mr. Raelford, petitioned the King and Council, and got him out of Possession. He says, Where a Mayor is re-elected, or dies, the eldest Jurat swears the Mayor by the Custom; but the eldest Jurat refusing to give him his Oath, and going about to swear Mr. Radford, he dismissed the Hundred; and then One Jurat swore Mr. Radford alone, contrary to the express Words of the Charter, that requires Two to be present: That he was sworn before Tw’o Jurats, and did act till such time as Information was

T brought

74

Aprilis.

A. 1689.

brought against him for a Riot; and says, the old Mayor The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second ought to act till he has charged his Successor. time;

Mr. Jeke being asked, said, He had searched the Re- Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-

cords, and there are Four Freemen entered there as made mittee in the said Resolve, that Thomas Esquire,

by Mr. Radford; viz. Stretton, Dorrington, Davis, and Is not duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parlia-Longley. ment, for the said Town of Rye.

Nick. Mahouch testified, That those Persons were The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second made free by Radford. time;

That, for the Sitting Member,. . insisted that the Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Corn-Question was only. Whether the foreign Freemen had a mittee in the said Resolve, that Sir John Austin is duly Right to vote as well as the resient; and that it was not elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament, for material in this Case, whether they were made by a the said Town of Rye.

Mayor de facto, or dejure. Ordered, That the Mayor of the Town and Port of

Henry Dorrington a Witness, delivered in a Poll; and Rye do forthwith attend this House, to amend the Resaid, In all, there polled for Mr. Freuin, Twenty-six Per-. turn of Barons to serve in this present Parliament, for sons; viz. Twenty-one f reemen that were resient, and the said Town and Port.

Five foreign Freemen: That he heard Two others were

at the Door, to poll for Mr. Freuin; but they did not Ordered, That Mr. Ducket have Leave to go into the I.eave of come in, nor were polled, the Door being shut, which is. Country, for Three Weeks, for his Health. Absence,

usual at Elections, but the Door was not locked: That

he himself was made a Freeman by Mr. Radford. Sir Robert Nappier reports from the Committee, to Exporting

Goramand Gcncersaid Two others came to the Door, whom the Bill for exporting Corn and Grain was re- Corn, 4c. to offer their Votes for Mr. Freu in and Mr. Gosse, hut ferred, That, the Committee having taken the same into did not come in, the Door being shut, but not locked. their Consideration, they had thought fit to make several Mr. Gillartsaid, He has been a Freeman Twenty-four Amendments thereunto: Which he read in his Place,

Years; has known foreign Freemen vote for Burgesses; with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same and never knew them refused. He says he refused to swear in at the Clerk’s Table: Wrhere the same were once Mr. Turney, because Mr. Radford had the Majority of read throughout; and afterwards again one by one;

Voices; Mr. Radford having Nine, and Mr. Tourney, Se- and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed

ven; hut Tourney had besides Five of the expunged Men, unto by the House.

turned out by the Regulators of the Corporation: That Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he Mr. Radford had the Staff, and acted as Mayor; and that the Mayor used always to be sworn by the eldest Jurat.

Sir Dennis Ashbumham said, He is a foreign Freeman of this Corporation, and has been so ever since the Commission in 62; and has given his Vote several times for

ingrossed.

A Bill for repealing the Act for governing Corpora- Repealing tiens, was read the Second time.. Act ,nr

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas jjo^watwm

Mayor: once for Welsh, and another time for Mr Rad- a Sir J(jhn Rn} h Mr Sir

ford, being sent for by the lown; but never voted for Mr. Mr. Mr. Gam Mr.

Burgesses before now; which was for Mr. I ravin and Sir Mr S5r

Mr. Gosse; that he claimed I113 Vote as a Freeman, and the Mayor allowed it.

That then, they produced an Order, Anno 1661, by the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of Rye; by which it was resolved, that a Freeman, by dwelling out of the Franchises, Should not lose his Freedom.

Another Witness said, None but Freemen of the Corporation, whether they live in the Town, or not, carry the Canopy at the Coronation: And several Freemen that have been Non-resients have been chosen to serve; Sir

Sacheverell, Sir lien. Johnson, Mr. Sir Ro-

bert Cotton, Mr. Done, Sir Francis Russel, Sir Hen. Robart, Mr. Sand ford, Sir WmCooke, Sir Thomas Pope Blunt, Major Wildman, Sir Robert Mr.

sell, Mr. Arnold, Lord Dozcne, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir II. Ashurst, Lord Digby, Sir JVnj. Williams, Sir Rob. Havers, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr.

nick, Mr. Robert, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. England, Mr. cowcn: And all that come are to hive Voices: And they are to meet on Wednesday next in the Afternoon, at Four

Edw. Freuin that lived at Puttney was chosen to carry it. of the Clock) ln the Speaker’s Chamber, And Mr. Hollman in 60 was a Non-resient; yet he

came to Assemblies, and gave his Vote, and several others, for Mayors, but cannot say for any Parliament Men.

That then, the Oath of a Freeman was read; by which they swear to pay Scotland Lot.

But that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to Three Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as follow:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Right of Election of Barons to serve in Parliament for the ancient Town of Rye in the County of Sussex is in the Freemen, that are resient in the said Town only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that Thomas Freuin, Esquire, is not duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Town of Rye.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that Sir John Austin is duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Town of Rye.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

A Motion being made, that it be an Instruction to the Committee, that none shall be admitted to any Place of Magistracy, unless he have, within a Twelvemonth before, received the Sacrement, according to the Church of England;

A Debate arose thereupon:

It was moved, That the Debate might be adjourned until Wednesday next come Sevennight:

And the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned, accordingly;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,(Jir R } nfi.

’[Mr. Rowe, J

Tellers for the Noes,{^ f}

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

114.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a Committee be Rill of Com-appointed to prepare a Bill of Comprehension. prehension.

And it is referred to Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir John Knight, Mr. Wogan, Sir Wm.Williams, Mr. Camay,

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- Mr. Musgrave, Lord Falkland, Mr. Buscowen, Mr.

Right of Election

mittee in the said Resolve, That the of Barons to serve in Parliament, for the ancient Town of Rye in the County of Sussex, is in the Freemen, that are resient in the said Town, only.

Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Done, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Windham, Sir Holt, Mr. Dolben, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Hamden, Sir Edw.

16 Harley,

Answer to Address.

Committee of Grievances.

Committees.

Citizens fined for Riot in 1683.

Leave of

Absence.

Abolishing

Hearth-

luuiiey.

1 W. £2? M. T — 2

Harley, Major Wildman, Colonel Sir Tho>

nardislon, Sir John Barker, Mr. Thu. Foley: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William Williams acquaints the House, That such Members of the House, as were of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, and himself, had presented to his Majesty, the Address of Thanks of this House, for his Majesty’s most gracious Message, touching the Bill of Indemnity, and General Pardon: And that his Majesty was pleased thereupon to give a most gracious Answer, to the Effect following:

Gentlemen,

I am pleased with doing what you like; and do expect you will further proceed to expedite the Indemnity and Oblivion, which tends so much to an Union: I shall be always forward to do My Part in this, and all things that may unite My People.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the several Matters which were reported from the Grand Committee of Grievances, the Fifth of March last, and who were the Authors and Advisers thereof, be revived; and do meet on Wednesday next, at Four of the (/lock.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned till Tomorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2" d;

i° Willielmi et Maria;.

Prayers.

THE House being acquainted, that divers of the Citizens of London (whose Petition was offered Yesterday) were at the Door, to own their Petition; Resolved, That they be called in.

And there accordingly came to the Bar, Mr. Bethel/, Mr. Jthill, Mr. Sicinnocke, Mr. Key, and Mr. Jenks: who owned the Petition.

' The Petition of divers Citizens, accused of a Riot at Guild-hall, London, 24 Junii 1682, and fined for the same 8 May 1683, viz. Thomas Major Slingsby

Bet hell, Samuel Swynocke, John Deacle, Richard Freeman,

Robert Kaye, Executors of Samuel Shutc, Executors of Alderman Cornish, Executors of Sir Thomas Player, Executors of Francis sinks, John and John Jeakell

senior; alledging, that they were unjustly fined, some in One thousand Marks, others in less, according to the Degree of Prejudice against them, amounting in all to Four thousand One hundred Pounds; and that Mr. thellsuffered Nineteen Months Imprisonment; and praying the House to consider their Case; was read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the particular Committee appointed to examine the Matters relating to the City of London, which were reported from the Grand Committee of Grievances the Fifth of March last, to examine the Matter of the said Petition, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Sir James Moreton have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Sir Francis Russell reports from the Committee, to w hom the Bill for taking away the Duty arising by Hearth-money, w as referred, That they, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon several Amendments to be made, and a Clause to be added to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were

agreed unto by the House.

or v J VOL. X.

0 Aprilis. 75

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments and

Clause, be ingrossed.

Sir Rich. Temple reports from the Committee of Pri- Essex vileges and Elections, to whom the Matter, touching the Elections Election for the County of Essex, was referred, the State of the Fact, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing: Which being read at the Table, is as followeth;

Upon the Petition of John Lemot Honeywood, Esquire* against John Wroth, Esquire, the Sitting Member for the County of Essex;

That the main Question was,- Whether the Poll was duly closed or no.

That, for the Petitioner, his Counsel opened it, That the Day, appointed for the Election, was Thursday 10th January-, and that, upon the View, Colonel and

Mr. Honeywood appeared to have Three or Four to One to what Captain Wroth had: That, whereas the Poll might have been ended that Day, the Coroner had, by several Adjournments, continued the Poll till the Tuesday following; alnd, at last shut up the Poll before all had polled for Colonel Mildmay and Mr. Honeywood: That, notwithstanding, Captain JVrothcarried it but by Twenty-

six Voices; Colonel Mildmay having 1,437, Mr. -wood 1,302, and Captain Wroth 1,328, by the Poll taken by the Coroner.

Lewis Prescott, a Witness, said, He went to the Court House a’ Thursday, the Day of the Election, about Ten a Clock: About half an Hour after Ten, the Coroner came and read the Prince’s Letter: As soon as it was done, the whole Multitude, about 1,200 as he believes, cried out, A Mildmay! and A Honeywood! and so continued for an Hour’s time: About half an Hour after Eleven of the Clock, Tw o Chairs were brought to carry Colonel Mildmay and Mr. Honeywood: But, whilst they were brought, Mr. Wroth came, with a Party (as he believes) of Two hundred Men, and no more; and demanded a Poll. Mr. Whitacre took the Poll for Colonel Mildmay and Mr. Honcyicood, w’hich Mr. Haynes also inspected; and Two others, I suppose, took the Poll for the Coroners and Mr. Wroth. About half an Hour they polled; and adjourned till Three: About half an Hour after Three, the Coroner came, and did not poll above a Quarter of an Hour: Then it was agreed to go into the Church-yard and have a View: Colonel Mildmay and Mr. Honeywoods Party went to the Right Hand; Mr.

Wroth's to the Left: And says, that, upon the View, it appeared to him, that Colonel Mildmay and Mr. -wood had Three to One. When they came out of the Church-yard, they polled till about half an Hour after '

Five; and then adjourned till Friday Morning, Eight a Clock: But the Coroner came not till almost Ten. Afterwards he adjourned till Three in the Afternoon; and did not come till Four; then polled till almost Six; and adjourned till Seven Saturday Morning. On Saturday Morning, he came not till Ten. From Saturday they adjourned till Monday Ten a Clock: They polled till Two in the Afternoon; and then adjourned till Four. On Monday, he came about Four, and polled; and, about Six, adjourned till Tuesday Morning, Eight a Clock. On Tuesday Morning, about Eight, the Coroner came; and, -after he had polled above Three Quarters of an Hour, the Coroner bid the Crier make Proclamation. And says, he pressed into the Court: At first they told him the Poll was closed; but afterwards admitted him to poll:

That, whilst he was swearing, the Crier made Proclamation " The Poll was closed." That several afterwards demanded a Poll; but it was answered, " The Poll was closed." He says, there was about 150 crying out, A Mildmay! and A Honeywood!-, and some he knew, had not polled. Mr. Whittakre was discharged Monday 11 Clock.

Thomas Haines, another Witness, said, He was Inspector of the Poll: And says, those that polled for Colonel Mildmay, and Mr. Honeywood, they would give them a Check; and take their Books from their Hands.

At the End of the Poll they made Three Oyez! as fast as they could: Whereupon Colonel Mildmay said, "You

76 a0 A. 1689.

Esses ought to keep a Pause; I have not polled for Honeywood, That the Court then grew mighty thin; and the Coroner Election. nor Honeywoodfor me: But the Clerk cried Oyez; and ordered the Crier to make Proclamation with Three the Poll was closed. He went oft the Bench, and there Oyes’s; snd then it was that Mr. Crescut came in; and was a Number of Men to be polled; and one Byatt was his Name was set down, and Two after him was sat taking an Account of the Names of those that would have down: After that, there was Two more Proclamations polled. After the Poll was closed, Mr. Whittakre and with Two "Oyes’s, That if there was any other Free-he would have inspected the Casting up of the Poll; but holders they Should come and poll." That there was were not admitted. about half an Hour between them all: There w as a con-

Simon Massey sd\d, He was there all the Time: That, fused Noise, after the Poll was closed: Some cried, when the Poll was closed, there was Abundance of Peo- "Shut up the Books;" and others called for a Poll: pie to poll: Several Persons cried out to be polled; but That they carried away the Books on Saturday, when they shut the Book; and said, no more Should be polled, about Sixty cried, " Run, knock them down, take aw ay He says, He, knew several of them to be Freeholders, the Books;" which was the Reason they did not admit particularly one Chandler. them at the Casting-up the Books: That Colonel

Ralph Manwareingsaid, There were several to poll, may did say, ‘ You shoyld make a little longer Stay be-when they heard "Oyez" cried out; so he persuaded se- twixt the Proclamations; and he had not polled yet:"' veral of them to croud in; and he heard them cry out, they. But he did not see them lay their Hands on the Book, wanted to be polled, " I would poll Mildmay and Honey,- nor offer themselves to poll: That, at the time of the uood:" notwithstanding, presently the Poll was shut up. last Proclamation, there was great Silence.

JVm. Pryattsaid, He see Mr. Thory, the Coroner, Robert Neale said, He was appointed one of the Clerks;

shove those Men away from him, that was of that Side and the Poll was carried on fairly: That Three Oyes’s the Court next to Mr. Iioneywood, and reached over his was made: That he saw about Seven Quakers there, and Hand to them on the Side next Mr. JVroth, to poll: He held out the Book to One of them, to give him his Oath; says, he was shoved back twice: Then he, and some but he refused it, and said, the rest were of the same others, went where the Nisi Prius was; and set down Opinion: That the Court was then thin; and any body

the Names of some that had not polled: Of which, he might come in as would: That Colonel s Men

knows Seven to be Freeholders; which he named. were very outrageous; which was the Reason they did Edu'ard Soames said, He was present at the Setting- not let them in at the Casting-up of the Books; but set a down the Names of them ..... had not polled; whereof Watchman to keep them from breaking open the Doors, he knows Sixteen to be Freeholders, whom he named; He said, South and the Two Coroners, the other

and that they could not be accepted to be polled: And Clerk, and himself, were at the Casting-up of the Books; says, several had been abused, by rapping their Fingers, and does not know that any one was to demand En-That Velley told Sir Samuel Husbands, he had given such trance, to see the Books cast up.

Directions about it, the Poll could not fail. said, lie was employed as a Swearer:

Abbott said, The Election lasted from Thursday till That Three Oyes’s were made very deliberately; and . Tuesday: That he knew Fifteen to be freeholders, which then came in Air. Prescot, whom he swore by Captain he named, that had not polled: He says, they cried out s Order; and then Two more, whom he did

to be polled, and could not be heard; and he was one at swear; and then they staid a considerable time, and taking their Names. none came in, neither for Colonel Mildmay or Mr.

Jyilliam Penton said, He requested them not to speak, At last, says Colonel Mildmay to Captain JVroth,

unless they were Freeholders: They answered they would " Don’t let any more Trouble of Adjournments be; but swear it; particularly Edward Harrington, Thomas let us close the Books:" And, accordingly, the Coroner London. went away with his Books.

Richard Green said, He knew’ Jeoffrey March and John John Robinson; He said, he was present when the

Taylci' (who said they had not polled) to be Freeholders. Poll was closed; and Oyez called Three times, with

So they gave an Account of about Forty-one that were Deliberation: And, when the Poll was closed, he saw Freeholders, and who were put down in a Paper, imme- nobody offer to poll for Colonel Mildmay and Mr. diately after the Paper was closed; and declared they wood, but a Parcel of Quakers, who durst not come there would poll for Colonel Mildmay and Mr. Honeywood. to give their Oath.

That, for the Sitting Member, the Counsel agreed the Philip Herne said, William junior and Joseph

Poll continued, as before: But the Question was, Whe- Chandler, were polled, though pretended not to be polled,

ther those that offered themselves to be polled were re- Thomas said, That Robert Cornish, of South

fused before the Poll was closed. That there were Five Benjleet, not Eighteen Years of Age, polled for his Proclamations; and when the Poll was closed, there Father; and that near Twenty for Mr. JVroth came, after were Persons wanted to be polled for Captain JVroth, as the Poll was shut up; and so they could not be polled, well as for the Petitioner. The Number polled for each Samuel Clerke said, That, he going to be polled, Mr.

of the Candidates was also agreed. JVroth shoved him down: That his Friend, being weakly,

Thomas Winnell, a Witness, said, That about One hun- could not get to be polled; and went away, dred of them agreed to go down to Sir Thomas Fanshawe John Howe said, That he came to Chelmsford on Sun-sand Mr. Maynard; but, in regard they had Notice they day; but could not get himself to be polled till late on did not stand, they did not intend to go down: But, af- Monday; and, on Tuesday, when the Poll was closed, terwards, understanding Mr. JVroth stood, they went and the People crying out, A Mildmay ! A Honeywood! down: That, with Difficulty, they got in; but some Colonel Mildmay rebuked them; saying, " Air. JVroth went away, and did not poll because of the Number; is fairly elected."

and, knowing the y came for Captain JVroth, they were George Burling said, He staid till Tuesday; and that,

jostled and hindred to come. He said, that, on Tuesday being near Mr. JVroth'& Chair, the Rabble crying out, A Morning, coming from Colchester Ward, he overtook Mildmay! A Honeywood! Colonel Mildmay checked about Fourteen coming to poll for Mr. JVroth; and ask- them, saying, " It is a Mildmay and a JVroth! It is a ing them, who they intended to poll for, they said, For fair Election; and therefore hold your Tongues."

Air. JVroth: And, when he came into the Town of That Colonel Mildmay, the Sitting Alember, gave a Chelmsfoi'd, they were closing up the Books; the Poll large Account of the said Election, was over; and believes there was Sixty for Air. JVroth That upon the whole Alatter, the Committee, being to be polled then. of Opinion the Poll was fairly closed, came to a Resolu-

Zee said, That he assisted at the Poll, at the Coroner’s tien: Which he read in his Place, and then delivered Request, as Clerk; and, that as fast as they were sworn, the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being he wrote down their Names; and they were inspected, to read, is as followeth:

see they wrote them down: Air. Haines was for Mr. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Iioneywood and Colonel Mildmay:That it continued John JVrvth, Esquire, is duly elected Knight of the Shire to from Thursday till Tuesday Ten or Eleven a Clock: serve in this present Parliament, for the County of Essex.

The

i Wi& M. it- — '*£'April ’ 77

The said Resolve being read a Second time; Impositions upon Sugars; and praying Relief, in taking

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- off the same; was read, mittee, That John fI roth, Esquire, is duly elected Knight Resolved, That the Matters of the said Petition be of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the taken into Consideration, when the Revenue shall come County of Essex. Under the Consideration of the House.

Leave for Members to attend Lords as Counsel.

Ordered, That Sir IVm. Williams, and Mr. have Leave to attend at the Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between Serle and

Lord* The House then took into Consideration the Report

Amendments on Thursday last, from the Conference with the Lords, touching the Bill for removing Papists from London and Papists. Westminster:Which Report being read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords; in the Amendment by them proposed to be made in the Proviso, touching such as have been Inhabitants.

The Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords, in the retaining the Proviso by them sent down in the Bill, and rejecting the Proviso by this House sent up to the Lords for their Concurrence, instead of it;

It was resolved in the Negative.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Persons who managed the last Conference, to prepare Reasons, to be offered at a Conference, why this House doth not agree with the Lords, in the Matter aforesaid.

Fitzhenis* Then the House, according to the Order on Friday Gase- Sevennight, resumed the Debate touching the Matter of

Mr. Fit zherris:

And the House being acquainted, that the Clerk of the Crown attended at the Door, with the Record of Mr. Fitzherris'sTrial;

Resolved That the Clerk of the Crown be called in Accordingly he came in; and at the Bar delivered in the Record.

And then withdrew.

The Record, of Pas. 330 Car. II was read.

A Debate arose thereupon.

Resolved, That the farther Debate touching the Matter of Mr. Fitzherris, be adjourned until this Day Fortnight.

Beverly Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to

Wm. the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new W'rit, for the

Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beverly in the County of in

the room of Sir John Hotliam, Baronet, deceased.

A Bill for the more speedy and effectual Convicting Disarming and Disarming of Papists, was read the Second time. Papists.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hen. Good-rick', Mr. Blake, Sir II. Johnson, Mr. Parker,\Colonel Birch, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Bickerstaff Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Ililtersden, Sir Wm.Cooke, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Rob.

Davers, Sir Edw. Chisnell, Mr. Done, Sir John Key, Mr.

Kendall, Mr. Garway, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Sir

John Knight, Sir Edw. Norreis, Sir John Cotton, Sir

Patience Ward, Mr. Palmes, Mr. L Sir John Holt,

Sir John Lordlier, Sir Chr. Nevill, Sir

Mr. Williams, Lord Digby, Sir Wm. Williams, Lord

Falkland, Sir John Barker, Sir Edw. Ayscough, Sir

Tho. Hussey, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Air. Norreis:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Duchy Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas t)yke have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for a Week. Absence.

A Bill for establishing Courts of Conscience in the Westminster, City of Westminster, Borough of Sand Tower &c. Courts of

Hamlets, and Out Parishes, within the Weekly Bills of Conscience. Mortality, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho.

Charges, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Wm. Sir Rich.

Middleton, Sir Jos. Trcdcnham, Lord Digby, Sir Robert

Davers, Sir Robei't Clayton, Colonel Birch, Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Hawlcs, Mr. Gwyne, Mr. Hobdy, Mr. Coningsby,

Air. Finch, Mr. Rich. Middleton, Mr. Hawlis, Sir John Barker, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Wogan, Sir Williams,

Sir Geo.Trcby, Mr. Williams, Sir Rob: Nappier, Sir

Russell, Mr. Howard, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Cha. Rakigh,

Air. Carter, Mr. England, Mr. Done, Mr. Thomson, Air.

Dalben, Mr. Bickerstaffc, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Fuller,

I^ord Falkland, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Levcson Gowre, Sir Wm.

Cooke, Sir Thomas Littleton, Alajor Wildman, All*.

Parker: And all the Alembers that serve for the City of London and Westminster, and the (bounty of Middlesex: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at pour of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Leave for Ordered, That Air. Finch have Leave to attend at the Members to Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause be-attend l-ouls j, een & 'Heand Clerke.

as Counsel.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii,3° Aprilis;

1° Willielmi et Alariae.

Prayers.

Knares- T I 1H E House being informed, that the Bailiff of burough ft the Borough of Knarcsbrongh in the County of

Return Yorke, and the Clerk of the Crown, attended, to amend amended. the Return for the said Borough;

They were called in: And the Bailiff amended the Return accordingly, by striking the reout so much thereof as related to the Return of Lord Latimer.

And thereupon Mr. Fawkes was introduced, according to the Order of the House.

Count A Bill for Naturalizing of Frederick Count Schomberg

Schoinber&s and others, was read the First time.

4c. Nat. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Doty on A Petition of the Planters, and others, concerned in

their Majesties Sugar Plantations; complaining of great Hardships the Plantations lie under, by reason of the new Vol. X.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bristol! laying a Tax, for the new building a Gaol in the City of Gaol-Bristoll; and for establishing a Court of Conscience in the said City.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for York City

establishing a Court of Conscience in the City of Yorke. Gourt of

° J Conscience.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Exeter Court establishing a Court of Conscience in the City of Exeter. Con*

° J cience.

The House being informed, that several Persons had Privilege, riotously entered upon Part of the Estate of William Palmes, Esquire, a Member of the House, at Malton ifi the County of Yorke, and beaten several of his Tenants and Servants, and Outed him of his Possession; and that Richard Thorpe, of New Malton in the County of Thomas Grimes of the same, and James Galloway of Old Malton, were some of those Persons;

Ordered, That the said Richard Thorpe, Thomas Grymcs, and James Galloway, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for such their Breach of the Privileges of this House.

Ordered, That Leave bfc given for establishing a Court Norwich of Conscience in the City of Norwich. Court of

Conscience.

Ordered, That the Calling over the House be ad- Call of the journed until this Day Sevennight. House.

Resolved, That this House will, on Friday Alorning Act of next, at Ten of the dock, resolve itself into a Committee Indemnity.

U of

78 3* — 4 9>Apr ’ 1689.

of the whole House, to take into Consideration the ..

Heads for an Act of Indemnity, and General Pardon. Jorris, 4* die Aprilis;

State of the Resolved, That this House will Tomorrow Morning, Kingdom and at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Ireland. wj10je House, to take into Consideration the State of this Kingdom, and of Ireland.

Privilege. Sir Rich. Temple, a Member of the House, acquainting the House, That the said Richard Thorpe, Thomas Grymes, and James Gallway, were his Servants; and that the Estate which they entered upon, is his Estate, he having been for a considerable time, and being, in Possession thereof, upon a Mortgage for Security of a great Sum of Money; but that Mr. Palmes's Agents had endeavoured to Out him thereof;

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine, which of them; the said Mr. Palmes, or Sir Rich. Temple, was in the Possession of the Premises into which the said Entry was made, at the time of the meeting of this present Parliament; and who committed the Breach of Privilege; and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that, in the mean time, the Order for the taking the said Rich. Thorpe, Thomas Grymes, and James Galloway, into Custody, be suspended.

Royal Assent A Message by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher

to Bills. of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

1 The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker being returned, acquaints the House, That, they having been to attend the King, his Majesty was pleased to give his Royal Assent to Three Bills; viz.

An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament, for Naturalizing the most Noble Prince George oiDcn-inarke.

An Act for reviving of Actions and Process, lately depending in the Courts of Westminster, and discontinued by the not holding of Hillary Term; and for supplying other Defects relating to Proceedings at Law: And

An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service.

i° Willielmi et Maris.

Praters.

HIS House being informed, that there hath been Privilege, a Breach of Privilege committed against Henry Guy Esquire, a Member of this House, by several Persons entering upon Part of his Estate in a riotous Manner, and torn down his Fences; and, amongst others, that William Gascoigne, and John Gascoigne of Tring in the County of Hertford, were Two of these Persons.

Ordered, That the said William Gascoigne and John Gascoigne, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for such their Breach of the Privileges of this House.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House that serve Westminster, for the County of Surry and Borough of Soutlrwarke, be &c- Courts of added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for establish- Conscience-ing Courts of Conscience in the City of Westminster, Borough of Southwarke, Tower Hamlets, and Out Parishes

within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, is referred.

The House being informed, that Frederick Count Counts Schomberg, and Charles Count Schomberg, and Mr. Schomberg, Bentink, attended; and desired to be admitted in, to take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, in order to their Naturalization;

There were set Chairs in the House, near the Bar, for them:

And then they were called in:

And they came in accordingly; and sat down, covered, fora Short Space: And being acquainted, that the Oaths were ready to be tendered to them at the Table; they came to the Table, uncovered, and took the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance to their Majesties, accordingly.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to vest Great the same Powers and Authorities in the Bailiffs and Alder- Yarmouth-men of the Town of Great Yarmouth, which were vested Corporation, in the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Common Council, of the said Town, by an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second.

Exporting A Bill for Exportation of Corn and Grain, was read Corn, Sec. the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause, as a Rider, was offered, to be made Part of the Bill, for the Exporting of Beer: Was Twice read:

And the Question being put, That it be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative; and so was rejected.

Another ingrossed Clause, as a Rider, was offered, to be made Part of the Bill, for Liberty to export white Pease and Beans: Was twice read:

Resolved, That the Clause be read the Third time.

And the Question being put, that the same be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth:

TeUar, ibr,he Y} 57-

Tellers for the Noes,|^' j

So it was resolved in the Negative; and the Clause rejected.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Encouraging the Exportation of Com.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Nappicr do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the Heads for a Act of Bill of Indemnity and General Pardon be adjourned, Indemnity, from Tomorrow Morning, until Saturday Morning next,

Ten of the Clock.

The House being informed, that the Committee to Oaths of Su-whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, for premacyand abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and A^Slauce* appointing other Oaths, had Yesterday adjourned the Consideration thereof till Saturday next: But that the same being a Matter of great Moment and Concern, ought not to be so delayed;

And it being moved, That the said Bill may be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of tire whole House;

Resolved, That this House will Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration, the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths.

The House being informed, that Mynheer William Mynheer Bentink was at the Door; desiring to be admitted, to be W. Bentinfc sworn, in order to his Naturalization; ta*ies Oath*.

He came in; and sat down, as Count Schomberg, and his Son did Yesterday: And then took the Oaths, in like Manner.

Exporting Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Beer, &c. the Exportation of Beer, Ale, and Mum.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till To-mQrrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

The House, according to the Order of Yesterday, re- state «f the solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Kingdom awl take into Consideration the State of this Kingdom, and Ir8ja, ld* of Ireland,

Mr.

Ways and Means,

i W. £/ M. 40 — 50 Aprilis.

79

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.- Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That, they having taken the Matters aforesaid into their Consideration, they had directed him to move the House, That they might be impowered to consider of W;ays for raising the Supply to be given to his Majesty, towards the Reducing of Ireland.

Resolved, That the said Committee be impowered to consider of Ways for raising the Supply to be given to his Majesty, towards the Reducing of Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That, they having taken the Matters aforesaid into their Consideration, had agreed upon a Resolve: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, is as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Tax, by a Poll Bill, be given to his Majesty, towards the Reducing of Ireland.

The said Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That a Tax, by a Poll Bill, be given to his Majesty, towards the Reducing of Ireland.

Resolved, That the Housse do now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads of which the Poll Bill shall consist.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they, having taken into Consideration the Matters aforesaid, had agreed upon Twenty-three Heads, of which the Poll Bill shall consist: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same beingread, are as followeth:

1. Resolved, That all Debts, and ready Money, be taxed, as One of the Heads, of which the said Bill shall consist:

2. That ail Persons exercising any publick Office, Place, or Imployment, shall be taxed in the said Bill:

3. That all Persons receiving any Pensions or Stipends from his Majesty, shall be taxed in the said Bill:

4. That all Judges and Persons having any Judicial Office, or other Office or Place of Profit, and all Serjeants at Law, Counsellors, Attornies, Solicitors, and Scriveners; and all Advocates, Proctors, and publick Notaries; and all Persons practising the Art of Physick; shall be taxed in the said Bill:

5. That all Servants, receiving Wages, shall be taxed in the said Bill:

6. That all, and every Person or Persons, (other than such as receive Alms of the Parish, and the Children of such as receive Alms of the Parish under the Age of Sixteen Years) shall be taxed in the said Bill:

7. That all Dukes, Marquesses, Earls, Viscounts, Barons, and their eldest Sons, shall be taxed in the said Bill:

8. That all Baronets, Knights of the Bath, and Knights Batchelors, shall be taxed in the said Bill:

9. That all Esquires, or reputed Esquires; and all Persons owning or writing themselves such; shall be taxed in the said Bill:

10. That all Gentlemen, and reputed Gentlemen; and all Persons owning or. writing themselves such; shall be taxed in the said Bill:

11. That all Widows according to the Dignity of their Husbands, shall be taxed in the said Bill:

12. That every Gentleman having an Estate of 3001, shall be taxed in the said Bill:

13. That all the Dignified Clergy shall be taxed in the said Bill:

14. That all Persons that hold Two or more Benefices, having Cure of Souls, which will amount together to the clear yearly Value of 120/. shall be taxed in the said Bill:

15. That ell Merchants, Strangers^ and Jews, shall be taxed in the said Bill:

Vol. X.

16. That all Doctors of Divinity, Law, and Physick,

(except Doctors of Divinity \yhich have no Ecclesiastical Benefice), shall be taxed in the said Bill:

17. That all Merchants trading in the Port of London, and not being Free of the City of London, shall be taxed in the said Bill:

18. That all Merchants, and others, using any Trade or manual Occupation, and holding a House of 30/. per Annum, within the City of London, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall be taxed in the said Bill:

19. That all Members of the East India Company, for their Share in the joint Stock of the said Company, shall be taxed in the said Bill:

20. That all Members of the Guiney Company, for their Share in the joint Stock of the said Company, shall be taxed in the said Bill:

2t. That all Annuities, and Relit Charges shall be taxed in the said Bill:

22. That all Sharers in the New River Water, in respect of their Shares, be taxed in the said Bill:

23. That all Fee Farm Rents, now paid, and not otherwise charged, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

The First Twenty-two of the said Resolves being read a Second time; One by One, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last of the said Resolves beingread a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolve;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare the said Bill, upon the Heads before mentioned; and present the same to the House with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That all Committees, but the Committee Committees, to whom the Consideration of the Summer and Winter Guards is referred, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 5* die Aprilis, i* Willielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

JEW IS James de Vasseur Cognes took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, at the Table, in order to his Naturalization.

The House being informed, that the Bailiffs of the cricklade Borough of Cricklade in the County of Wilts, and the Return Clerk of the Crown, attended at the Door, to amend amended* the Return for the said Borough;

They were called in: And the Bailiff amended the same accordingly, razing out the Name of Edm. Webb,

Esquire, and inserting the Name of Thomas Freke,

Esquire, in the Stead thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And Mr. Freke was introduced into the House, according to the Order of the House in that Behalf.

A Bill for Naturalizing Frederick Count Schombergh, Count and others was read the Second time. Schom-

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. At- ^8h’s»&c torney General, Sir Rob. Hmcard, Sir Fran. Russell, Mr.

Ettericke, Mr. Dalben, Mr. Poole, Sir Christopher grave, Mr. Blake, Sir Henry Goodrick, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Charles Raicleigh, Mr. Buscau cn, Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr.

Arnold, Sir Rob. Daverse, Mr Stockdal Lord Sir

Rob. Cotton, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Honeywood, Sir John Knight, Sir Edw.Aiscough, Sir

Blackett, Mr. Eyres, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Rob. Dash-wood, Sir Rob. Nappier, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Wyn, Sir Walter Carew, Mr. Norreis, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Hen.

Herbert,

Navy and Army.

8o 5° Apr. A. 1689.

Herbert, Sir/Tew. Capell, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir son, Mr. R. Russell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Papillion reports from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider what Sum may be necessary to allow, by the Year, for the Charge of a Summer and Winter Guard at Sea, and Guards and Garisons at Land, and the Office of Ordnance, in Time of Peace, out of 1,200,000l. per Annum to be settled upon their Majesties, for the constant necessary Charge of supporting the Crown, in Time of Peace; that the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon several Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the said Resolves in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forty-eight Men of War, Fire Ships, Yatchs, and Ketches, with 7,040 Men, are necessary for a Summer and Winter Guard at Sea, in a Time of Peace.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the Charge of the said Ships, including the Charge of the Ordnance, there be allowed Man per Month; which, for 7,040 Men, amounts to 28,160/. per Month; and for One Year, of Thirteen Months, at Twenty-eight Days per Month, comes to 366,0S0Z.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of 200,000l. is necessary to be allowed, for the annual Charge of Guards and Garisons at Land, in Time of Peace. 1

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of 22,600l. is necessary to be allowed, for the annual Charge of the Office of the Ordnance, iit furnishing and supplying the Arms, Ammunition, Stores, and other Necessaries; and for maintaining the Platforms and Carriages for the Guards and Garisons, in Time of Peace.

He also delivered in an Account of the Number of Ships of War, and other Vessels, necessary fora Summer and Winter Guard at Sea, in Time of Peace; with their several Stations, Quality of Ships, and Number of Men: Which were also read at the Table; and is as follow eth:.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Ships of War, and other Vessels, necessary for a Summer and Winter Guard at Sea, in Time of Peace: With their several Stations, Quality of Ships, and Number of Men;

ST AT I 0 N S. Third Kate. Fourth Rate. Fifth Rate/ Sixth Rate. Fire Ships. Yatchs. , Ketches. Number of Ships. Number of Men.

Streights - 1 10 . 1 2 - - *4 2.495

Channel - 2 10 - - 0 5 0 21 2,815

Ireland - - - 1 - 1 2 130

Newfoundland Canaries - - 2 To be i supplie d from the Channel 2 400

Jamaica - - 1 I 2 35

Barbadoes - - 1 1 200

Leward Islands - - - 1 1 105

New England - - 1 1 105

Virginia - - - 1 1 - - - 2 180

Iceland - - - - 1 I 2 305

Totals - - 3 25 6 2 4 6 2 48 7,040

And further acquainted the House, That the Committee had not, in their Report, inserted the Charge of the Navy, commonly called the Ordinary, which they find generally to be about 130,000l. they'

conceiving the same not to be included in their Order; but is a constant and necessary Charge; and to be allowed out of the general Settlement of 1,200,000l. per Annum for the Revenue: And that the Officers of the Ordnance had also informed the Committee, that there is an ordinary Charge in the Office, for Salaries, travelling Charges, and other Contingencies, which they affirm amounts unto 18,250/. per Annum: Which is also allowed to beoutof the said general Settlement of 1,200,000l. per Annum.

The first of the said Resolves being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, That Forty-eight Men of War, Fire Ships, Yatchs, and Ketches, with 7,040 Men, are necessary, lor a Summer and Winter Guard at Sea, in Time of Peace.

The Second of the said Resolves being read the Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That, for the Charge of the said Ships, including the Charge of the Ordnance, there be allowed 4/. per Man per Month; which, for 7,040 Men, amounts to 28,160/. per Month; and, for One Year of Thirteen Months, at Twenty-eight Days per Month, comes to 366,080/.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House do agree with the Committee, That the Sum of 200,000 /. . necessary to be allowed for the annual Charge of Guards and Garisons, at Land, in Time of Peace.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read a Second

O

time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Sum of 22,600l. is necessary to be

allowed, for the annual Charge of the Office of the Ordnance, in furnishing and supplying the Arms, Ammunition, Stores, and other Necessaries, and for maintaining the Platforms and Carriages for the Guards and Garisons, in Time of Peace.

Resolved, That this House do, upon Monday Morning 'next, at Ten of the (’lock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the King’s Revenue. "

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to take the Matter of the said Report into Consideration.

Mr. Papillion also reports from the said Committee, Treaty wi to w hom the Consideration of the Summer and Winter Holland. Guards was referred; to whom it was also referred, to consider of the Extract of the Treaty with the States of Holland; and an Estimate of what Fleet will be necessary for this Summer's Service; That, they having taken the Matter aforesaid into their Consideration, had agreed upon a Resolve: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same being read, is as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 4/. 5$. for each Man per Month, of Twenty-eight Days, in a Time of W ar, is an indifferent Estimate for the Charge of the Wear and Tear of the Ships of War, of flic Wages and Victuals for the Men, and of the Charge of the Ordnance and Ammunition, and all other incident Charges.

Ilealso acquainted the House, from the Committee.That the Committee could not examine w hat Number of Men were required for the Sixty-five Ships of War, and Eight Fire Ships; there being no List of the Quality of the said Ships, as mentioned in the Estimate; and so cannot assert what the total Charge of the said Ships amounts to: Neither could the Committee examine, what Number of Men were necessary for the other Twenty-two Ships of War, and Two Fire Ships; not having any Particular of the Names of the 19 Ships,

Customhouse Officers.

w. M.

5? Jprilis,

8

Ships, nor the Project mentioned In the Estimate delivered to the House: But if the Sixty-live Ships, and Eight Fire Ships, have 17,155 Men employed 00 them, (he same, at 4/. 5s. per Man, will amountto 72,908 /. 1 Month; and, for a Year «f 13 Months, 10947,813/, 15*.

Victuals - at * 80 -

Wages 30 -

Ordnance - - 8 -

Wear and Tear, $c. 27 -

32$,015

- 334,522

- 89,206

- 301,070

A Petition of the Lmon Astrohanto of the City of Custom-Norwich, complaining also of divert Severities and house Offi-Abuses of the Custom Officers, was rfead. cere*

Resolved, That it be referred to the auWe Committee, to examine the Matter Of the said Petition; add report s. i d.the same to the House.

15

A Petition of Jokn Cartwright, and others, was offered Cartwright’s to be read: &c. Petition.

Resolved, That the Petitioners be called in, to own the same,

If the Twenty-two Men of War, and Two Fire Ships, bear 4,540 Men,

the same, at 4/. 5$. per Head, amounts 250,835 --

to 19,295/. per Month; and for One Year of 13 Months, to -

Victuals -Wages -Ordnance Wear and Tear

- 59,020

- 88,530

- 23,608

- 79*6/7

250,835

1,198,648 15

But that there is to be deducted fori

of Summer and Winter 336,080 — —

the Guards -

Charge

947>8i3 15 — Accordingly Whiter Ldiermoe, CaUford, and David

Waine came in to the Bar; and owned the tame.

And then withdrew.

The Petition being read* it complains Of Sir William Smith, and others, Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, for tendering, to the Petitioners, an Oath, in Nature of an Oath ex Officio; and for Committing them to Prison, and causing them to be indicted and fined, for their refusing to take the said Oath,

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee appointed the Fifth of March last to examine the Matter touching the City of , which Were reported from the Grand Committee of Grievances; to examine the Matters of the said Petition; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the Houses

<£.832,568

15 —

And the Wages is not payable 611 the End of the Year.

And, it appearing to the Committee, by the Treaty and separate Articles, made between the King of and the States General of the United Netherlands, the Third of March 1677-8, That the King of England is obliged to assist the States General with 10,000 Foot, and Twenty Ships of War, at his own Charge, in case the said States were attacked, and required the same; and that the States, per contra, are obliged to assist the King of

England with 6,000 Foot, and Twenty Ships of War, in like case, if He was attacked, and required the same; and that, after Two Months, it Should be in the Choice of the Party attacked to require the Continuance of the said Assistance or an open Rupture; and there being no Signification to this Committee, of the Quality of the Ships, and Number of Men to be employed in them, nor whether the said Assistance be insisted upon, or an open Rupture, the Committee conceived themselves in no Capacity to give any Opinion thereupon.

That, it requiring a considerable Time to have a true Information of the State of the Fleet, and to examine the same, the Committee are of Opinion, and ordered, that Report be made to the House of their Opinion, touching the Estimate; and to acquaint the House of the Reasons, why they cannot, at present, give any Opinion of the other Matters abovesaid.

Resolved, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Merchants and Traders in and about the City of London, and other Ports, complaining of several Exactions and undue Proceedings of the Commissioners and other Officers of the Customs, was read.

Resolved, That it be referred to Sir Robert Clapton, Mr. Papillwn, Sir Ch. Raleigh, Sir IVm. Sir

Harley, Mr. Bickerstaff'e, Mr. Mr. Sir

Robert Davers, Sir H. Goodrich, Mr. Parker, Sir Tredenham, Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. Tho. Foley, Colonel Birch, Sir Geo. Willoughby, Mr. Thomson, Sir rl. Johnson, Sir John Knight, Sir Wm. Williams, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Williams, Mr. Gancay, Mr. Grubb, Mr. Done, Mr. Dalben, Mr. Edw. Thomson, Lord Falkland, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Manwaring, Mr. Fuller, Sir From Russell, Sir Wait. Young; and all the Members that serve for Ihe Sea-port Towns; to examine the Matter of the said Petition, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House. And they are to meet on Monday next, at Four of the Clock lh the Afternoon, in the Duchy Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

V*toX.

A Petition of Thomas Pitts, Esquire, complaining of an Old Sarnm undue Election and Return of Members to serve in this Election, present Parliament, for the Borough of Old Sarum in the County of Wilts; and praying, that the Matter thereof may be heard at the Bar of the House; was read.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the said Election be heard at the Bar of the House on Wednesday next come Sevehnight

The House then, according to the Order of Yesterday, oaths of resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Allegiance take into Consideration the ingrossed Bill, sent front the a,d SuPrt* Lords, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths mac^‘ of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That Mr. Dolben do take the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Dolben and Baron Neall-,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a BiH, Prince of which has passed their House, intituled, An Act for the D«"nmarke'» Naturalizing the most N oble Prince George of Dcmnarke, r*at* and settling his Precedence; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Methwyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, Commission-passed their House, indtuled, An Act for enabling the Lords Commissioners for the Great Seal, to execute the execu° Office of Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper; To which Chancellor-they desire the Concurrence of this House. 8,l>p-

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Prince of Act for the Naturalizing the most Noble Prince George ^nark* 9 of Denmarke, was rfead the First timfe. 1 a '

Resolved, That the Bill be how read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dolben took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

X

Oaths of Allegiance and Supre-

Mr. *7-

Committees.

Coronation.

Coronation.

Whitarre's

Petition.

Leave for Member to attend Lords as Counsel.

Prince of

Denmarke’s

Nat.

5° — 6° — 8° Aprilis. A. 1689;

Ordered, That Sir Henry Capell do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House thereunto, without any Alteration.

8a

Mr. Dolben reports from the Committee of the whole

House, That they, having taken the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths, into Consideration, had already agreed upon several Amendments therein; but that they could not now go through the Bill; and that therefore they had directed him to move the House, that the Committee may sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House do, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except the Committee, to whom the Bill for Naturalizing Frederick Count Schomberg, and others, is referred.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That his. Majesty had been pleased to direct him. to give Notice to the House, That he had appointed a Gallery in the Abby, and another in IV? stminsterHall, and also a Dinner for them

in the Court of Exchequer, at the Solemnity of their Majesties Coronation, on-Thursday next: But that he thought it not so convenient for the House, to bear any Part in the Proceeding.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 6* die Aprilis, 1689-Praters.

AMOTION being made, That a Committee be appointed to examine how the Members of the House may, with the most Conveniency, see their Majesties Coronation; and what Orders be observed therein;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to confer with their Majesties Surveyor General, and to consider how this House shall be accommodated with necessary Conveniencies, in going to, and coming from, IV Abby, and while they are there, and also in Westminster Hall, at the Solemnity of their Majesties Coronation; and what Order shall be observed therein.

And it is referred to Mr. Boscowcn, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir H. Goodrick, Mr. Paul Foley, Colonel or any

Three of them: And they are to report the same to the House on Monday Morning.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do take into Custody all and every such Person and Persons, other than Members and Officers of the House, that shall presume to press or come into the Galleries, in the Abby Church at "or Westminster Hall, appointed for this House to be in, at the Solemnity of their Majesties Coronation; or into the Exchequer Chamber where they are to dine.

A Petition of Edward Whitacre, Gentleman, setting forth divers Prosecutions against him, and other Sufferings by him; and praying the Consideration of the House therein; was read.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee, who were appointed the Fifth Day of March last, to examine who were the Authors and Advisers of the Matters then reported from the Grand Committee of Grievances, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the same, with their Opinions, to the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Holt have Leave to attend the Lords Bar, on Monday next, as Counsel in a Cause between Foster and Foster.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Naturalizing the most Noble Prince George of Denmarkc, and settling his Precedency, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

A Bill for exporting Beer, Ale, and Mum, was read Exporting . the First time. Beer>&c*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned until Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 8* die Aprilis; i° Willielmi et Mari®.

Praters.

MR. Foley reports from the Committee, to whom Coronation.

it was referred to consider, how' this House shall be accommodated with Conveniencies, in going to and from Westminster Abbey, and while they are there, and also in Westminster Hall, at the Solemnity of their Majesties Coronation; and what Order shall be observed therein; that they had been to view the several Places assigned; and had agreed upon a Report: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, the House agreed thereto; and is as followeth; viz.

25

The House being informed, that the Bailiff of the Rye Return Town and Port of Rye, and the Clerk of the Crown amended, attended at the Door, to amend the Return for the said Town and Port; they tvere called in: And the Bailiff amended the same accordingly, by razing out the Name of Thomas Frexecn, Esquire, and inserting the Name of

Sir John Austen, Baronet.

And then they withdrew.

And then Sir John Austen was introduced, according to the Order of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend on Leave for

Monday next, at the Bar of the House of Lords, as Member to

Counsel in a Cause between Foster and Foster. attend Lords

as Counsel.

An ingrossed Bill for taking away the Revenue arising Abolishing by Hearth-money, was read the Third time. Hearth-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking away the Revenue arising by Hearth-money.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Russell do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

The House then, according to the Order of Yesterday, Oaths of resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed Allegiance in the further Consideration of, the ingrossed Bill, sent and SuPre* down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the abrogating macy-the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dolben reports from the Committee of the whole House, That, they having proceeded in the further Consideration of the said Bill, they had made a considerable Pro gress therein; and that they had directed him to move the House, that they may sit again on Monday Morning, to go through the Bill.

Resolved, That this House do, on Monday Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Coronatio» Mr. Methzvin; Oath.

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, that they have passed the Bill for establishing the Coronation Oath, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

iW.tfM. 8‘ Apr 83

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that it will be very inconvenient that the House Should meet in the Parliament House on Thursdayand therefore it is their Opinion, that the House Should adjourn, at such time as they shall think fit, till Friday, but, beforehand, Should agree to meet on Thursday Morning, by Nine of the Clock, in the Exchequer Court; and to come thither the backWay, which they call By that means the House may see their Majesties passthrough Westminster Hall, and yet be at the Abby before their Majesties.

That, when they go from the Exchequer, they go the back Way, cross St. Lane, through St.

Margaret's Church; and, from thence, by the North Door of the North Isle in the Abby, into the Gallery there provided for them; and, after the Ceremony is over in the Abby, that they return the same Way back again into the Exchequer; and so into their Gallery in Westminster Hall. The Way between Hell and St. Margaret's Church will be raised; and so also will be the Way from St. Margaret's Church to the Abby: For keeping which clear, the Committee is of Opinion, that his Majesty be desired to spare a Company of Foot Soldiers. That there be no Precedence to any but the Speaker. That Gentlemen bring no Attendants or Servants whatever. That the Tickets numbered be delivered by the Speaker before their Adjournment.

That the Committee found the Galleries in the Abby, and in Westminster Hall, not finished; but that the Surveyor General had undertaken the Finishing of them; and particularly to examine the Strength of the Scaffolds.

That the House be ordered to go Two abreast, without crouding themselves. That the Rails, through which they are to pass, will be narrow, and so will be the Stairs in the Abby. That the House remain, when they return from the Abby, in their Gallery in Hall, till

the King and Queen have dined; and then afterwards retire to the Exchequer Court to Dinner. That the Speaker do appoint several Door Keepers at every Passage; such who know the Members.

Resolved, That there be a general Order given for the reserving the Galleries in Westminster Abby, and Westminster Hall, for the Use of this House at the Solemnity of their Majesties Coronation: And that Mr. Speaker do give out Tickets for the same.

Ordered, That the Clerk and Clerk Assistant of this House do attend Mr. Speaker, in his going to and from Westminster. Abby and Westminster Hall, at the said Solemnity.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Charles Raleigh have Leave to Absence. go into the Coutitry, for a Fortnight from Wednesday Sevennight next.

Count Schom-bergh's, &c. Nat.

Frwilege-

Mr. Herbord reports from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for naturalizing Frederick Count Schombergh, and others, was referred, that they had thought fit to make several Amendments therein: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Jacob Broad, a Bailiff belonging to the Under Sheriff of Middlesex; shewing, That he. having arrested Sir George Prittyman, Knight and Baronet, at the Suit of Sir Edward Hungerford, since that, there hath been other Actions laid upon him; and that Sir Edward Hungerford, a Member of this House, did demand him as his menial Servant; and desiring the Directions therein; was read.

' Resolved, That the Petition do lie upon the Table: And that Sir Edward Hungerford have Notice to attend in his Place Tomorrow Morning: And that the Clerk do, in the mean time, search the Journals, what the House hath done in Cases of Protections.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Colman have Leave to go into the

Ascence, Country for a Month, his Wife being very ill.

Vojl.X.

A Petition of the Merchants, and other trading People, of the Town of Berwick upon complaining, that

the Officers of the Custom-house there have not suffered them to buy any Corn in the Market, but of such as would swear it was of the Growth of; and exacted

Money, for such Oath; and that they locked up the Petitioners Granaries, and would not suffer them to export or dispose their Com, till they had made Oath, and paid for it, that it w as not Scotts Corn; whereby the Trade to the Town is lost; and praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief therein; was read.

Resolved, That, it be referred to the Committee, who were the 5th instant, appointed to examine into the Matter of a Petition of several Merchants and Traders in and about the City of London, who complained of the Exactions and undue Proceedings of the Commissioners and other Officers of the Customs, to examine the Matter of the said Petition also; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That all Members that serve for the County of Northumberland be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Exportation of Leather.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard be desired to bring in, upon Saturday Morning next, an Account of what Pensions, Petty Farms, ana other Charges, are upon the Publick Revenue, or any Part thereof, and to w hom.

Resolved, That this House will, on Saturday Morning next, take into Consideration the Matter of the Publick Revenue.

Sir Thomas Clarges reports from the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill for removing Papists from the Cities of London and Westminster, and Ten Miles distant from the same, that they had prepared Reasons accordingly: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same, being read once throughout, and afterwards one by one, were, upon the Question severally put, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth:

The Commons do insist, to retain the Proviso* by them added, concerning the Queen Dowager, in lieu of that in the Bill;

1. Because it is no new Clause; and therefore imposes no new Condition upon her Majesty; it being the same that is Enacted, in the 30th of King Charles the Second, in the Act for the more effectual Preserving the King’s Person and Government.

2. Because to make an Alteration in the Law, as it now stands, may look like some kind of Countenance to those of that Persuasion, at a Time when the Lords themselves have judged the Resort of Papists to be of so dangerous Consequence to the Government, as to make this Act to remove them, under great Penalties, Ten Miles distant from it.

3. The Papists are not less active at this Time, in their Designs and Practices, to disturb the Peace and Quiet of the Kingdom, than they were in the 30th Year of Charles the Second: And therefore the like Reasons which then induced the Parliament to make that Statute remain at this time, to persuade the House of Commons to keep the Force of it intire in all its Parts; since the Purport thereof does not only intend the Preservation of the Person of that King from the Attempts of Papists, but of his Successors also, the succeeding Kings and Queens of this Realm, by restraining them from resorting to their Presence or Places of Residence.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clarges do go up to the Lords, and desire a Conference with their Lordships, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Win.Williams and Colonel Birch be added to the Committee appointed to manage the last Conference.

A Petition

Custom-house Officers,

Exporting

Leather,

Pension List.

Publick

Revenue.

Lords

Amendment* to Bill lor

removing

Papists.

Conference desired with Lords.

Marches Court in Wales.

Exporting Beer, &c.

Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy,

Lords Answer to

Message.

Dissenters

Toleration,

Bill of Comprehension.

Uniting his Majesty's

Subjects.

Message fjom Lords,

Privilege — Bail for a

84 8° — 90 /jprilis. A. 16891,

A Petition of John Dalben, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that he having an Office, belonging to the Court held before the President and Council for the Marches of Walts, granted by Patent from the late King the

Second for the Petitioner’s Life; from whence he and his Family receive Support and Maintenance; but if the said Court, with its Offices and Incidents, be abolished, the Petitioner will be deprived of his Freehold, without any Fault of his; which, is conceived, will not suit with the inown Justice of this House: And praying, his Case may be considered of, by the Committee to whom such-like Petitions have been already referred.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Committee, to whom the Bill for taking away the Court

held before the President and Council of the Marches of

Wales is referred.

A Bill for exporting Beer, Ale, and Mum, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Parker, Sir Tho. Clarges, Colonel Birch, Sir Wm. Blackett, Sir

Rob. Nappier, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Brewer, Sir

Gregory, Sir Fran.Russell, Sir John Knight, Mr. Wogan, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Carter, Mr. EUwell, Mr. Howard, Mr. Foley, Sir Wm.Yorkt, Sir Pat. Ward, Sir H.

Sir Dorrell, Mr. Austen, Mr. For, Mr. Boscowen, Sir John Austen, Sir Ch, Nevill, Mr. Christy, Mr.

Colonel Whitley, Sir Rich. Hart, Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Arnold, Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr. Tho. Foley, Lord Falkland, Sir Rich. Onslow: And they are to meet on Friday in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House do, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths.

Sir Thomas Clarges acquaints the House, That he having, according to the Order of the House, been up at the Lords to desire a Conference, their Answer was, That they would send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ease of Protestant Dissenters.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee appointed to prepare a Bill of Comprehension, that they had prepared a Bill accordingly: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Bill, intituled, An Act for utiiting his Majesty’s Subjects, was read the First time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill be read

a Second time on Thursday next come Sevennight.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Methwyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill for uniting his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also their Lordships do agree to a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber.

And the Messengers withdrew.

Thereupon the Managers went to the Conference with the Lords.

Sir Chris. Musgrave reports from the Conference with the Lords, that the Managers appointed had, at the Conference, delivered the Reasons, for their disagreeing with the Lords, touching the Clause relating to the Queen Dowager, in the Bill for Removing of Papists from the Cities of London and Westminster.

A Motion being made, on Behalf of Wit. Gascoigne, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Ann's Attending this

House; (of a Breach of Privilege upon Mr. Guy, a Member of the House, that he may be admitted to give Bail, for his Attendance* and answering the Matter he stands charged withal, as the House shall direct; and Mr. Gtcy consenting to the same;

Ordered, That the Serjeant ait Arms, be impowered to take Bail accordingly. < >1

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Count

Schombergh, and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Count Schombergh, and others.

Ordered, That Mr. Harbord do carry the Bill up to the Lords, for their Concurrence;

' i

Ordered, That alL Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 9° die Aprilis;

1° Willielmi et Marine.

Praters.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Methwin, and Mr. Meredith;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, that they have passed the Bill for naturalizing Frederick Count Schombergh, and others, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for uniting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, was read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, on Thursday next come Sevennight. 1

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Address, to give his Majesty Thanks, for his gracious Declarations to maintain the Church of England by Law established; and to desire him to continue his Care of the same; and that it be an Instruction to the Committee, that it be made a Part of the Address, that his Majesty be desired to issue out his Writs for calling a Convocation; and withal, to acquaint his Majesty, that it is not in their Intention thereby to delay their taking into Consideration the giving Ease to Protestant Dissenters.

And it is referred to Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Finch, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Dolben, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Wogan, Sir Goodrick, Lord

Digby, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Mr. Grey, Sir Rich. Middleton, Mr. Turges, Mr. Parker, Mr. Peirpoint, Lord Falkland, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr. Hamden junior, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir John Bancks, Mr. Leveson Gowre, Mr. Gara-ay, Sir Edw. Aischough, Sir Geo. Treby, Sir Wm. Blackett, Sir John Barker, Mr. Herbord, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir John Knight, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Rob. Nappier, Sir John Holt, Lord Wiltshire, Sir John Fcrwell, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Eyres, Sir Win. Williams, Mr. Howe, Mr. Somers, Sir Rich. Temple: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to present the said Address to the House with all convenient Speed.

Mr. Wharton, One of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, acquaints the House, from his Majesty, That he is commanded from the King to acquaint the House, that there are now a great many poor Protestants, come out of Ireland, who are now in several Towns and Corporations upon the Coast of Chester, and

several other Places; and that several of them are Trades-, men and Artificers; and that they have made Application to the King, to this Effect: That they hope, they shall* not stand in need of the Assistance and Relief of the Protestants here, in ease they may hdve Liberty to work! in

person in Custody.

Count Schom-bergh's, Sec. Na u

Committees.

Count

Schom-bergh's. See. Nat.

Uniting

Protestant

Subjects.

Address on Declaration to maintain th* Church,

&c. I

Irish Protestants UF England.

Orths of Alleyiance and Supremacy.

Poval Assent to Bills.

Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

Coronation,

Committees.

Newcastle o^on Tyne C'.urt of Conscience. Gloucester Court of Conscience.

i W. & M.

9* — 12° Aprilis.

the Corporations where they come; and that they are very ready and desirous so to do: But if this be denied them, that they shall fall into Distress, and at last be a Charge.to the Publick: And that therefore the King thinks what they desire is reasonable; and is willing to give them all the Countenance he can by Law: But that, on the other side, He is very tender of breaking in upon any Liberties and Rights of the Corporations: And therefore He desires to know what this House would advise Him in this Matter; whether to issue out a Proclamation, orto’passany temporary Act, for their being at Liberty to exercise their Trades in Corporations.

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill -to enable the Irish Protestants, who have fled from thence, to exercise their Trades in Corporations in this Kingdom, for some certain time.

The House then, according to the Order of Yesterday, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dolbentook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.,

A Message, by Sir Tho. Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Blaek Rod, from his Majesty;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker and the House went up to attend his Majesty in the Llouse of Peers: And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That the King had passed Three Bills; viz. An Act for establishing the Coronation Oath: An Act for the Naturalizing the most Noble Prince George of Denmark, and settling his Precedence: And, An Act for Naturalizing Count

Schomberg, and others.

Resolved, That this House do, on Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths.

Ordered, That Sir John Guise do attend his Excellency the Marshal Schomberg, from this House, and desire him to give Order, that a sufficient Number of Foot Soldiers be appointed to guard the Passage from St.

Church to Westminster Abby; and from the Water Stairs in the Old Palace Yard to the Back Stairs of the Exchequer; and in St. Margaret!s Lane; to keep off all Persons from pressing in on the Members of this House, in their Passage backwards and forwards between the Exchequer, and the said several Places, at the Coronation.

And then the House adjourned until Friday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 12° die Aprilis. l* Willielmi et Mariae, 1689.

Prayers.

f~\ R D ER E D, That all Committees be revived; and sit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for a Court of Conscience in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for a Court ot Conscience in the City of Gloucester-, and that it Vol. X.

be added to the Bill for a Court of Conscience in the City of Bristol.

Ordered, That the House be called over on Tuesday Call of the Sevennight next. House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for a Court of Conscience in the Town of Great Yarmouth. of Consci-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for a Court of Conscience in the City of Canterbury.

enre.

Canterbury Court of Conscience.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to Tam worth the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a. Writ, for Electing WnU of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tamcorth in the County of Stafford, in the room of Hdnru Sidney, Esquire, who is called up to the:

House of Lords.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House do at- The I louse to tend upon their Majesties, to congratulate them upon to con-

their Coronation. r their Majes-

Ordered, That stich Members of this House as are of ties on their his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do wait Coronation, upon their Majesties to know their Royal Pleasure, when this House may attend their Majesties, to congratulate them upon their Coronation.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Marche# taking away the Court held before the President and Court in Council of the Marches of Wales is referred, have Power Wales‘ to receive such Petitions as shall be presented to them, relating to the said Court.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Mr. Pitts to with- Old Sanaa draw his Petition, touching the Matter of the Election of Election. Burgesses for the Borough of Old Sarum in the County of Wilts.

The House then, according to the Order of Yesterday, Oaths of Al-resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed 'e8iaiice BDti in the further Consideration of the ingrossed Bill, sent SuPremacy-down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.,

Mr. Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dolben reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they, having taken the Bill into their Consideration, had agreed upon several Amendments to be made in the same: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout.

Resolved, That the Reading the said Amendments the Second time be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Mr.Boscawen acquaints the House, That he had, accord- Their Maje». ing to the Order of this Day, attended their Majesties, to jj)esb"p^ot know their Pleasure when they would be attended by this unded. House, to congratulate them upon their Coronation: And that they had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, half an Hour after Two of the Clock, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

Resolved, That this House do go in a Body, through King's Street, to attend their Majesties.

Resolved, That this House do on Monday Morning Publick Re-next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee ve, lua-of the whole House, to take into their Consideration the Matter of the Publick Revenue.

And then the House adjourned until Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Y

Tint House attends the

Excise on Been

Ditto*

Ditto,

Yarmouth

Haven,

.Act of Hen* ry 5, touch-Elections,

Foreign Protestant’s Nut*

Commissioners of Great Seal to execute Lord Chancellorship.

Supply Bill; Poll Tax.

Privilege — a Person reprimanded and discharged.

86' ia° — 13'

Post Meridiem.

THE House met, in order to go to attend his Majesty at Whitehall:

And then they ad journed till Tomorrow Morning* Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 13° die Aprilis;

1* Willielmi ei Maris.

Prayers.

A, P E TITIO N of the common Brewers of the City of Norwich, and the County of the same; complaining, That the Gaugers have of late Years returned Strong Peer for Mild Beer, and for Ale; by means whereof the Petitioners have been charged for Excise as for Ale, and not had Allowances as the Law allows; and also complaining of other undue Proceedings of the Gaugers; was read.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the Matter of the Revenue comes V/»der the Consideration of the House.

A Petition of the Brewers of the Town of Great Yarmouth-, complaining, That, although the Petitioners have brewed and sold only Strong and Small Beer, but that t;he Gaugers have of late Years charged it for Ale; and have gauged their Worts hot in the Backs and Coolers, and not in the Tun; by which, and other means, they have not the Allowances by Law allowed; was read.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the Matter of the Revenue comes under the Consideration of the House.

A Petition of the Brewers of the Town of Colchester', complaining, That they, having brewed Beer, have been charged by the Officer of the Excise as for Ale; which is Twenty Pounds per Cent, to their Prejudice; and that, since January last, they have brewed only Beer, and tendered Excise as for Beer; but that it would not be received: And praying a Regulation of the Statutes relating to the Excise.

Ordered, That; the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the Matter of the Revenue comes under the Consideration of the House.

A Bill for explaining and making effectual a Statute made in the First Year of King James the Second, concerning the Haven of Great Yarmouth, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to take away the Statute of the First of King Henry Fifth, touching the Electing of Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, who are resident, to serve in Parliament.

A Bill for a General Naturalization was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing the Lords Commissioners for the Great Seal to execute the Office of Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for granting a Supply to their Majesties by Poll, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Wyld, Bailiff of Cricklade, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, praying to be discharged out of Custody, was read.

Ordered, That the said Bailiff be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees, and having the Reprimand of the House.

’ Aprilis. A. 1689.

And he was brought to the Bar; and had a Reprimand accordingly, upon his Knees.

Mr. Auditor Done reports from the Committee appointed prepare an Address of Thanks to his Majesty, for his gracious Declaration to maintain the Church of England by Law Established; and to desire him to continue his Care of the same; and to desire him to issue out his Writs for Calling of a Convocation, withal acquainting him, that it is not intended thereby to delay the taking into Consideration the giving Ease to Protestant Dissenters; That the Committee had prepared an Address accordingly: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being Twice read; and some Amendments made thereto at the Table; was agreed to by the House, and is as follows:

May it please your Majesty,

WE, your Majesties most loyal and obedient Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assem-

bled, do, with utmost Duty and Affection, render to Your Majesty our most humble and hearty Thanks, for Your gracious Declaration, and repeated Assurances, that > You will maintain the Church of Englatul Established by Law, which Your Majesty hath been pleased to rescue from that dangerous Conspiracy that was laid for its Destruction, with the Hazard of Your Royal Person.

The Doctrine and Practice of the Church of England have evinced the Loyalty beyond the Contradiction of her most malicious Enemies; and the Misfortunes of former Princes can be attributed to nothing more than their Endeavours to subvert it, and disable the Members thereof from contributing to their Support and Defence.

We therefore humbly pray Your Majesty will be graciously pleased to continue Your Care for the Preservation of the same, whereby You will effectually establish Your Throne, by securing the Hearts of Your Majesty’s Subjects within these Your Realms; who can no way better shew their Zeal for Your Service, than by a tirm Adherence to That Church, whose Constitution is best suited to the Support of this Monarchy.

We likewise humbly pray, That, according to the ancient Practice and Usage of this Kingdom in Time of Parliament, Your Majesty will be graciously pleased to issue out Your Writs for Calling a Convocation of the Clergy of this Kingdom, to be advised with in Ecclesiastical Matters; assuring Your Majesty, it is our Intention forthwith to proceed to the Consideration of giving Ease to Protestant Dissenters.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to the said Address.

Ordered, That Mr. Auditor Done do carry up the Address to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Herbert of Ludlowe have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Mr. Speaker Acquaints the House, That, upon their Attendance on their Majesties Yesterday, to congratulate them upon their Coronation, He spoke to them as followeth; viz.

YOUR most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons of England, assembled in this present Parliament, having, to their unspeakable Joy, seen Your Majesties placed upon the Imperial Throne of this Kingdom, they have desired Access at this Time to Your Royal Presence, humbly to congratulate Your Majesties upon this Occasion, and to wish Your Majesties a long and prosperous Reign* withall the Blessings that ever did attend a Crown.

We are all sensible, that Your Majesties Greatness is the Security of Your Subjects: It is from Your Power that we derive to ourselves an Assurance of being defended from our Enemies; and from Your Justice, that we expect a full Enjoyment of our Laws and Liberties: But that which completes our Happiness, is, the Experience we have of -Your Majesties continual Care to maintain the Protestant

20 Religion;

Address on

declaration to maintain the Church* &c.

Leave of Absence,

Congratulation on their

Majesties

Coronation.

Answer.

The Speaker thanked.

Dissenters

Toleration.

Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance.

i W, £? M. 15 — 15

Religion; so that we can no longer apprehend any Danger of being deprived of that inestimable Blessing, either by secret Practices, or by open Violence.

To the King. May the same Divine Providence,

which has hitherto preserved your Majesty in the greatest Dangers, and so often given You Victory over Your Enemies, still crown Your Undertakings with Success.

To the Queen. v And may those unparalleled Virtues, which adorn Your Majesty’s Royal Person, be the Admiration of the present Age, and an Example to the future.

And may the Lustre of Both Your Names so far outshine the Glory ot Your Predecessors, that the Memory of their greatest Actions may be forgotten, and Your People no longer date the Establishment of their Laws and Liberties from St. Eduard's Days, but from the most auspicious Reign of King Wil and Queen Mary.

And that his Majesty was pleased to speak to the effect following; viz.

Gentlemen,

WE return you Our hearty Thanks for the Kindness and Respects that you have, upon all Occasions, shewed to Both of Us: We shall take care, to the best of Our Power, of all Things that conduce to the Good of the Kingdom; and I doubt not, but by God’s Assistance and Yours, We shall be able, in a Short time, to make you a flourishing People.

Ordered, That the Thanks of the House be returned to Mr. Speaker for his Speech to their Majesties; and that lie be desired to print the same; and also his Majesty’s Answer thereto: And that he do desire his Majesty to print his Majesty’s said Gracious Speech.

Ordered, That the Bill for Toleration, lately ordered to be brought in, be read Tomorrow Morning, at the first Sitting of the House.

The House then proceeeded to read the Amendments to the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and A11 egiance, and a ppointi ng other Oaths; the Second time.

And the same were read accordingly; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon; the same were agreed unto by the House, and are as followeth:

1 Press, 1. 28, after " made," insert " repeated."

Id. 1. 41, leave out " so."

Id. 1. 42, alter " made," insert " repeated."

2 Press, 1. 4, leave out " or hereafter shall be."

Id. 1. 7, leave out from the Beginning of it to the first " and" in 1. 31; and instead thereof insert as follows, " in their Majesties High Court of Chancery, or in their Majesties Court of King's , in publick and open Court, between the Hours of Nine of the Clock and Twelve in the Forenoon, before the End of Trinity Term next; or at the General Quarter Sessions to be holden for that County, or Place, where he and they shall be, inhabit, or reside, in open Court between the said Hours of Nine and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, before the First Day of August next: All which shall be put on Record in the respective Courts."

Id. 1. 33, alter " make," insert " repeat."

Id. 1. 34, leave out " so."

Id. I.43, leave out from " accordingly" to "and."

3 P. 1. 34, and instead thereof insert the Clause [.4.].

Clause [A]

That all Persons hereafter to be admitted into any Office or Employment, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or to be in any Capacity, w hereby they were to take the abrogated Oaths, shall take the new Oaths, as they Should have taken the former, under the like Penalties and Forfeitures; and for all Persons now having any Office or Employment, Civil or Military, that shall neglect or refuse to take the new Oaths before the First of August, the Office or Employment to be void: And that if any Bishop, or other Person, having any Ecclesiastical Dignity or Benefice, shall neglect or refuse to take them before that i ime, to be suspended from their Office for Vox,. X.

' jprilts. 87

Six Months; and if they do not do it in that Time, to be deprived ipsoJacto: And if the "Masters, or Heads, or Fellows, of Colleges, Hospitals, Schools, Prolessors of Sciences, neglect or refuse by that Time-, to take them in the like Times, to suffer the like Suspension and Deprivation: And if any others refuse to take the Oaths, when tendered by any Persons authorized to tender them, to be committed to Gaol, for Three Months, unless they pay for the first Offence a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and, at the Three Months End, if they refuse, for Six Months, unless they pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and under Five Pounds, for the Use of the Poor, and give Sureties for the Behaviour, and to appear at the next Assizes or Sessions; and, if they there refuse to take the Oaths, then to be uncapable of any Office, and to remain bound to the good Behaviour till he take the same; and also, for inrolling the Taking the Oaths in the several Courts and Sessions.

4 Press, 1. 6, leave out " be obliged to."

Id. 1. 21, leave out " be obliged."

Id. 1. 23, leave out " to."

Id. 1. 23, alter " make," insert " repeat and

subscribe."

Id. 1. 39, leave out from the Beginning the whole Proviso to " and " in 1. 47.

A Clause was proposed to be made Part of the Bill: Which was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

That, for such as have been elected into any Office in any Corporations, since li» Decembris 1688, if they take the Oaths before the First of August, it shall be as good as if they had taken the Oaths upon their Admission: And that, for such as have been admitted into Offices and Places of Trust since Michaelmas last, and could not take the Oaths and the l est, that ji they take the same before the End of Trinity Term, or the First of August, it shall be as good as if they had done the same before.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Clauses, be read a Third time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning Nine of the Clock.

Lima, 15* die Aprilis; l« Willielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

ABIL L for the Naturalization of Henry de Nassau, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for Liberty and Indulgence to Protestant Dissenters, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time this Day Sevennight.

Sir Jos. Tredenham reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter, touching the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of New Radnor in the County of Radnor, was referred, the State of the Fact, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing: Which, being read at the Table, is as followeth:

Upon the Petition of William Esquire*

against Rich. Williams, Esquire, the Sitting Member for the Town of New Radnor, was beards For the Petitioner, the Counsel opened it, That by 27 H. VIII, and 35 H. VIII, all the Burgesses, as well of the Out Borough Towns as of the Shire Towns of Wales (except for the Town of Merioneth), had a Right to vote for a Burgess of the Shire Town; and that, in the County of Radnor, there was Five Borough Towns, who had a Right to vote for a Bufgess for New Radnor; and that the Majority of Burgesses of Two of the Out Boroughs, who heard by Accident of the Election, were for Mr. Probcrt; and that the rest of the Out

Boroughs,

Nassau's, &c. Nat.

Disinter*

Toleration.

New Radnor Election.

french

Protestants.

#8 150 Aprilis. A. 1689.

'!Ror6tighs, hbthaving iiiy ’Notice of the Day of Elec- of a Way to'relieve the French Protestant Ministers, and *tien, did not appear. such others, as are uncapable to maintain themselves,

And they called James Davis, a Witness, Who Said, otherwise than by Charity, who are fled out of France He was present 14 Jatiudrii, at the Election: That Mf. for their Religion.

Probert, when he came, said he had brought several of thb And it is referred unto Lord Digby, Sir John Guise, Mr.

’Out Boroughs to Vote fot Mr. Williams: But the Bailiff Hamden, Sir Fra. Sir Jos. Colonel

denied they had any Right to vote, saying, they ought Birch, Sir Gilbert Clerhe, Mr. Chadwick, Mr.

not to vote, When any of the Twenty-five stood: That Mr. Mr. Sir Harley, Sir Tho.

the Bailiff declaring'he would return Mr. Williams, Mr. tyarcey. Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Sir Temple,

Probert demanded a Poll; and that a Paper was deli- Sir H. Goodrich, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Christopher Musgrave,

‘vered ih to the Bailiff, of the Names of several reputed Mr. Sachexerc.il, Mr. Done, Sir Nich. Cary, Sir Rob.

Out Burgesses, to the Number of about Threescore and Cotton, Sir Sawyer, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Darcey,

Ten, that would have voted for Mr. PrvbCrt: Mr. Finch, Sir John Mr. Marquis

Thomas Loxcnd, a Witness, said, That he was preserlt . Winchester, Mr. P. Foley, Marquis Worcester, Major at the Election: That Mr. Davis ifesired to have a Post: WildmanMr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Sir Tho. That Mr. Probert gave a Li^t of the Out Burgesses to Clarges, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mr. Newport, Mr. -James Davis, who Polled about Sitfty for Mr. Probert:Whitehead, Sir H. Cupetl, and all the Members of the That Mr. Probert had the Generality of the Out Bur- City of London: And they are to meet at I’our of the gesses; but they were Yefused by the Bailiff to vote, Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber, this Afternoon.

saying the y had no Right.

for the Sitting Member, the Counsel agreed the Out Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider Irish Burgesses had a Right of Election: But insisted, that t>f the distressed Condition of the Protestants fled from Protestants. Mr. Williams had the Majority; and a Poll Was never Ireland; and of a Way how they may be relieved, demanded: And called And it is referred unto Mr. Lord Ranelagh,

Poivcll, a Witness, w’ho said, He Was present at the Lord Etzharding, Sir Cha. ‘S’wThom. Mompe-Election when the Prince’s Letter was read: That the son, Mr. Smith, Lord Mr. Foley, Mr. Gwyn, Bailiff openly demanded (there being about Two hundred Lord Digby, Mr. Sir Russell, Sir

Persons present) w ho they thought fit to return; and all Harley, Colonel Birch, Mr. Foley, Mr. Done, Sir *the Persons, as he thought, declared with an unanimous Rob. 'Davers, Sir John Knight, Sir Sir

Acclamation for Mr. Williams: That thereupon Mr. Jos. Tredenham, Sir Rob. Cotton, Lord Sit*

Probert asked the Bailiff, shall the Out Burgesses sign Rich. Onslow, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Goodrich, Sir Tho. the Indenture? The Bailiff answ ered, There was no In- Clarges, Colonel Mr. Robers, Sir John Wynne,

denture to be signed; but it was to be returned by Cer- Lord Coote, Marquis Winchester, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir tificate, under the Common Seal: He says, when they Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. Hen. Herbert, Sir Hen. Vane, Mr. were refused to sign the Indenture, they cried out for Eldred, Sir Cha. Houghton, Mr. Reignclds, Sir Mr. Probert; but he says, though he stood near, he heard Temple, Mr. ActSir Ii. Johnson, Major Ik Udmurt,

no Poll demanded. Marquis Sir John Guise, Mr. Sommers, Mr,

JtlinesBcndlorw, a Witness, said, He was present at the Frekcjun. Mr. Sad Sir John Lowther, Mr. Gray,

Election the 14th of January:That Mr. Probert told the Mr. Mr. Burrard, Mr. England, Mr. Finch:

Bailiff’, that he and the Burgesses did vote for Mr. Wil- And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Hams, and joined in the Acclamation after the Writ was Four of the Clock, in the Court of \V ards. read: But afterwards, Mr. Probert asked If they Should

sign the Indenture: And the Bailiff answered, There was The House being informed, that there was one Mr. Late King no need of that, for the Return must be by Certificate. Evans at the Door, who was lately come out of Ireland, James Mr. Probert, as he thinks, said, "If we shall not sign the and could give an Account of the late King James his Indenture, who do you vote for?’’ And then a great being the re; and of other Matters relating to Ireland; many cried out, A Probert :But remembers no Dis- Resolved, That the said Mr. Evans be called in course about the Right of Election, though he w as near And he came to the Bar; and gave an Account of the both to the Bailiff and Mr, Probert. said Kings Landing at Kinsalc the Day of

Then they produced Mr. Bull, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Tho- last, with Two and-twontv Ships; accompanied

mas Powell, and another Witness: Who testified to the with Count Davau.v, and other French Officers, to the

ame Effect as the Two last Witnesses. Number of Two hundred; and of his going to Cor/ce

And that upon the whole Matter the Committee came and; and iiis Intentions to go Northwards, and

to a Resolution 5 Which he read ih his Place; and alter- into Scotland; and of the seizing the Duke of Ormond'i wards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Estate, and the Stocks of Protestants, the same being read, is as followeth; And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Rich. Williams, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Oaths of Su-to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire Town of for the abrogating toe Oaths of Supremacy and Allegi- premacy and Radnor in the County of Radnor. ance, and appointing other Oaths; with the Amend- AlleslaDce-

The said Resolve being read a Second time; ments and Clauses added to it; w’as read the Third time.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- Resolved, That the Bill do pass, so amended, mittee, That Rich. Williams, Esquire, is duly elected a Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do carry up the Bill, with

Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire the Amendments and Clauses, to the Lords, for their Town of Radnor in the County of Radnor. Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the French Protestant Ministers, praying A Bill for granting a Supply to their Majesties by a Supply Bill; a yearly Relief, for their Subsistence, out ot a Revenue Poll; was read the Second time. l'*°h tax.

arising by Hackney Coaches, or some other, was read. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee And a Debate arose thereupon; in respect the Petition of the whole House, was very irregular, and disagreeable to the Custom of the Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning,

House, to prescribe Ways how, and out of what, the at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Relief shall be given. ' the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting a.

Resolved, That the Petition be withdrawn. Supply to their Majesties by Poll.

A Motion being made, That a Way may be considered to relieve such French Protestant Ministers, and others, Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will, State of the who have fled out of France for their Religion 5 Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself Kingdom i»

Resolved, That a Committee he appointed to consider into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Con- £’ljUon tu

. I-r.UlCl'.

sidcrutum

W. &fM.

x 5 — 166

89

Public

Revenue*

sideration the State of this Kingdom in relation to and other Alliances abroad.

Resolved, That this House do, on JV Morning

next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Matter of the publick Revenue.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 16° die Aprilis;

l° Willielmi et Marise.

Prayers.

Cooke’s

Estate.

Leave of

Absence.

French

Protestants.

MR. Foley reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Younger Cooke, Esquire, to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts, and make Provision for his younger Children, was referred, That the Committee had thought fit to make several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and a Second time, one by one; and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Nicholas have Leave to go

into the Country, for a Fortnight, for his Health.

Ordered, That the CommUtee, to whom it is referred to consider of a Way to relieve the French Protestant Ministers, and such others, as are incapable to maintain themselves otherwise than by Charity, who are fled out of France for their Religion, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of divers Planters o and Maryland,

in Behalf of themselves and all the Planters there, complaining of the Burden laid upon Tobacco by the new Impost, by the Act of Parliament in the First Year of King James the Second; and that thereby most of the Planters are impoverished; was read. 1

Resolved, That the Petition do lie upon the Table; to be considered, when the publick Revenue comes under the Consideration of the House.

Simoniacal Sir Jos. Tredenham reports from the Committee, to Promotions, whom the Bill, that the Simony of one Person may not prejudice another, was referred, That the Committee had thought fit to make several Amendments to the same: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were Once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be

Duty on Tobacco.

Have of Absence.

Yarmouth

Haven.

Buckingham

JJecuon.

ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir John Rouse have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

A Bill for explaining and making effectual an Act of the First Year of King James the Second, touching the Haven and Pier of Great Yarmouth, was read the Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter of the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Buckingham was referred, the State of the Fact, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing: Which, being read at the Table, is as followeth:

Vol. X.

Upon the Petition of Sir Peter Tyrrell, Baronet, and Rich.Atkins, Esquire, against Sir Rich. Temple and Sir Ralph Vemey, touching the Election of Bucks, being heard the Day of April 1689.

That the Petitioners Counsel insisted upon this Pbint; Whether there was due Notice given of the Time of the Election; which was the only Point insisted upon in the Petition; and put the Proof thereof to the Sitting Members;

The Counsel for the Sitting Members, in the first place, insisted, That the Petitioners had not intitled themselves, by their Petition, to question the Election, having not thereby so much as alledged, that they were either Electors or Elected, or Candidates for the said Election; and that therefore prayed, that the Petition might be dismissed: And after some Debate; and the Counsel withdrew; the Committee came to no Resolution upon that particular Point: But called in both Sides; and directed them to proceed on the Point of Notice, in Order to have the whole Mutter before them.

That the Counsel on the Behalf of the Sitting Members produced, to prove the said Notice,

John Upsfon, the Under Bailil!': Who testified, That the Bailitf, having received the Prince’s Letter, about Nine or Ten a Clock, on Saturday the Fifth of gave him

Order to go to the respective Houses of the Twelve Capital Burgesses, (by whom Elections of Members for Parliament had always been made) on Sunday after Evening Prayer, . to give them Notice to meet him on Wednesday following, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, at the Town Hall, to elect Two Burgesses for the Convention; and that they Should also meet him the next Morning, being Monday, in the Town Hall: Which Notice, on Sunday, alter Prayer, he accordingly gave; and spake with Ten of the said Burgesses themselves at their Houses; and left the like Notice at the other Two Burgesses Houses, viz. with the Wife of Mr. Henry Robinson; and the Servant of Mr. Mason: And that this had been the constant and usual Way of giving Notice for Election to Parliaments in all his Time; having been, ever since the Restoration of King Charles the Second, Under Bailiff there. And being further asked, Whether it was not the Custom to leave Notice in Writing; he declared, that it wa9 always left by Word of Mouth, with themselves, or some of their Family; and not otherwise: And further said, that all the Thirteen did accordingly meet at the Hall on Monday Morning; and also on Wednesday Morning, when the Election was made: And that Twelve of them gave their Voices for Sir Rich. Temple and Sir Ralph Verney.

Hugh Elhcrsey, Gentleman, said, That he has been Bailiff; and made Three Returns of Burgesses to Parliament; and never gave any Notice but by the Under Bailiff, to the Twelve Capital Burgesses and to no other, at their own Houses, by Word of Mouth to themselves, or some of their Families in their Absence: And that this, he knows, has been the constant Manner of giving Notice for Elections for this Forty Years last past: And that the First Claim by the Populacy that ever he heard of, was at the Election of the Parliament that restored King Charles the Second, when he was Bailiff; which was set on Foot by Mr. Ingrosby;and was adjudged against them by that Parliament

William At ton, Gentleman, That he was heretofore an ancient Capital Burgess for Bucks, and his Father and Grandfather before him; and had been Bailiff of the said Town; and knows, that for above Forty Years last past that the constant Manner of giving Notice to Elections of Parliament Men was by the Under Bailiff, by Word of Mouth, to the Twelve Capital Burgesses at their own Houses; and, in their Absence, to some of their Families; and he never knew, nor heard, of Notice given in any other Manner.

Henry Robinson, Gentleman: That the Petitioners produced One Witness, viz.

Henry Robinson: Who said. He is One of the Capital Burgesses; and that his Wife informed him, that the Under Bailiff, on Sunday in the Evening, had left Notice

Z that

i6° Aprilis. .1689.

that the Bailiff desired him to meet on Monday Morning, at the Hall; but upon what Account he knew not; nor did she tell him of the Meeting on for the

Election: And that he met on with the rest of

the Thirteen, at the Town Hall; where the Bailiff told him, that he had ordered the Under Bailiff, the Day before, being Sunday, to give them all Notice, to make the Election of Burgesses, for the Convention, on Wednesday following: And further said, he did not hear the Prince’s Letter read; and that, if it was read, it was read before he came to the Hall.

And that he was present at the Election on with the Bailiff and the rest of the Burgesses, and voted 'for Sir Peter Tyrrell and Mr. Atkins.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, is as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Rich. Temple and Sir Ralph Verney were duly chosen Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Bucks.

The said Resolve being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Rich. Temple and Sir Ralph Verney were duly chosen Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Bucks.

Commission- An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, ers of Great An Act for enabling Lords Commissioners for the Great cute Lorde* to execute Office of Lord Chancellor, and Lord Chancellor- Keeper of the Great Seal of England, was read the ship. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dalben, Sir Robert Sazn/er, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Tredenham,

Mr Christy, Sir Fra. Russell, SirTho. Littleton, Mr. Car ter, Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Lcvcson Gou rc, Mr.

Lampton, Marquis Worcester, Sir Wynn, Lord

rard, Sir Rob.Nappicr, Mr. Sir Wm. Cooper, Serjeant Bigland, Mr. Hamden, Sir Ralph Dutton, Colonel Birch, Mr. Montague, Mr. Tho.Folcy, Mr. Lord

Commissioner Maynard, Mr. Somers, Mr. England, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Gxtyn, Mr. Blake, and all the Members thatare of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Advance on Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider foran Aid^ no more Money is advanced upon the Credit of the Act lately passed, for granting a present Aid to their Majesties.

- And it is referred to Mr. LcvisonGmcre, Sir John Thomson, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Buscawen, Lord Falkland, Mr. Ellwell, Mr. Carter, Colonel Birch, Mr. Done, Mr. son, Mr. Lampton, Sir Rich Onslow, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Lord Digby, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Russel, S'uCha. Raleigh, Sir Sir Rob. Clayton, Sir Rich. Middleton, Marquis Mr. Gwynn, Sir Roger Mr Mr.

Sir John Cutler, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Marquis cester, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Johnson, Sir Tho.

Mr. Papillion, Mr. Smith, Mr. Howe, Mr. Palmes, Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Montague, Sir Scroop Howe, Mr. Windluim, Mr. Har-bord, Mr. H. Herbert, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Whitehead: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Duchy Chamber; and to make Report to the House with all convenient Speed.

Removing A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Papists. Mr. Keck-,

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords, to acquaint this House, That the Lords desire a present Conference with the House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference, with the Lords, as is desired.

And the Miessengers being called in again;

Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the Members that managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Sacheverell be added to the Managers.

And then the Managers went to the Conference with the Lords: And being returned,

Sir Jos. Tredenham reports from the Conference, That Conference, the Earl of Rochester managed the Conference, on the Part of the Lords, and said, They desired such Conference, that they might continue a good Correspondence with the Commons: Rut that they insisted on their own Proviso in the Bill relating to the Queen Dowager; and did not agree to the Clause sent up by this House to them: However, for an Expedient, proposed a new Clause instead of both; viz.

"Provided also, That the Queen Dowager may retain in her Family so many Popish Servants of the King's Subjects, as her Majesty shall think fit, not exceeding the N umber of Thirty; so as none of the said Servants be a Priest, Monk, or Frier; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding."

And a Debate arising upon the said Report;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Freke the elder, Knight of the Leave of Shire for the County of Dorsett, have Leave to go into Aljsence' the Country, for a Fortnight.

The House being informed, that one Mr. Bazill Proceedings Purejoy, and Mr. Wm. Dalton, are lately edme out of of late Kinj Ireland; and attended at the Door; and could give a further Account relating to the Affairs there;

Resolved, That they be called in.

And they came in accordingly; and gave an Account that King James came into Dublin on Palme Sunday; and that the Lord Powis, and Lord Thomas Hincard, and Lord Meljord were with him; and several great Men of France; and that they brought great Sums of Money, and Arms and Ammunition; and were marched with great Force towards the North: And also acquainted the House with several other Matters relating to Ireland.

And then they withdrew.

The House then, according to the Order of Yesterday State of the resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Kingdom in take into Consideration the State of the Kingdom in p^c"a to relation to France, and our Alliances abroad.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they, having taken the Matters aforesaid into their Consideration, had agreed upon a Resolve, which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, is as followeth;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That if is the Opinion of this Committee, That, by Address, upon the present Debate, it be humbly represented to his Majesty, that if he shall think fit to enter into a War against France, the House will give him all such Assistance, in a Parliamentary Way, as shall enable him to support and go through the same.

The said Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- Address as mittee, That, by Address, upon the present Debate, it be War humbly represented to his Majesty, that, if he shall think Fr,ince‘ fit' to enter into a War against France, the House will give him all such.Assistance, in a Parliamentary Way, as , shall enable him to support and go through the same.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare the said Address.

And it is referred unto Mr. Hamden, Sir Howard.

Lord Falkland, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Jos.

15 Tredenhamt

1

y

I W. & M.

Tredenham, Sir Hen. Cap Mr Wt.Ellwdl, Mr.

Finch, Mr. Bickerstajj'e, Sir Sir

Sir Pat. Ward, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Sir Thomas Clarges, Sir Geo. Treby, Colonel Birch, Mr. Mr. Smith, Sir

John Thomson, Mr. Papillio Mr. Montague, Mr. Leveson Goitre, Mr. Boscaicen, Lord Digby, Mr. Guyn, Sir Ralph Hutton, or any Five of them, to prepare the said Address: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to present the said Address to the House with all convenient Speed.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Miles Cooke and Amendments Mr. AeC/t;

reis. Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That they have agreed to the Address sent up from this House, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth:

Amendments to the Commons Address, sent up the 15th April, 1689.

The first Paragraph agreed to, with filling the Blank with " Lords Spiritual and Temporal,"

L. 8, instead of " its," read " her."

L. 10, leave out from " Person" to " We," in the 17th L.; and, instead thereof, read, " and her Zeal against Popery having appeared at all Times, and more especially of late, beyond the Contradiction of her most malicious Enemies. It being likewise evident, that her Loyalty hath always been unquestionable; and that the Misfortunes of the last Reign can be attributed to nothing more, than the Endeavours that were used to subvert it."

L. 26. after " Writs," add, " as soon as conveniently may be."

Resolved, That this House-doth agree with the Lords in their Amendments to the said Address.

Ordered, That Mr. Done do go up to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House doth agree to the said Amendments.

Resolved, That the Bill do pas$.: And t£at the Title of it be, An Act that the Simonical Wooiofion of one Person may DQt prejudice another,

Ordered, That Sir Jos. Tredenham, do carry up tfye Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir John Knight, Sir Rich. Hart, Sir Westminster, JVm. Drake, Mr. Cristy, Mr. Philip Foley, Major ^c CourUof man, Mr. Fiucent, Colonel Whitley,b<lx.Moore JAt.EUwell, ConscIence* Sir Christopher Musgraxe, Mr. Foote, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing Courts of Conscience in the Borough of Soulhivprke, the Tower Hamlets, the City of Westminster, and the Out Parishes within the weekly Bills of Mortality, is referred.

A Petition of Thomas Johnson, and others, on Behajlf of Hackney

themselves and others, in all, an Hundred ancient Coach- Coaclas. men, who have served Persons of Honour, and Gentlemen of Quality, and have no other Subsistence to live upon; complaining, that they have been Fined and Imprisoned, and Punished by the Common Council of London, and by Commissioners appointed by-his late Majesty King James the Second; and praying, that they may hie included in, and settled by, the Act of Parliament now passing, for settling Hackney Coaches, and qualified upon the same Terms, as others of the Four hundred Hgckney Coachmen, settled in the Year 1683; was read.

Resolved, That the Petition do lie upon the Table; to be considered, when the Bill for licensing Haqkney Coaches is read the Second time.

The House then resumed the Consideration of the R6- Report of port made Yesterday, from the Conference with the Conference. Lords.

And the Question being put, That this House do agree with the Lords, That the Proviso by them proposed be Part of the Bill.

It was resolved in the Negative. . '

Ordered, That Mr. Francklin do go up to the Lords, to desire a free Conference, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

i<6° — 170 Aprilis.

Suppiv Bill; Resolved, That this House do, Tomorrow Morning, Poll Tax. at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of

.the whole House, to take into Consideration the Bill for a Supply to their Majesties by a Poll.

And then the House adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 17° die A prills, i° Willielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

JLfENRY De Nassau, Lord Overkirke, William De Nassau, Lord Dulesteand Adrian VanBorselen, took the Oaths, in order to their Naturalization.

Eights of the Ordered, That the Bill for establishing the Articles pre-

.Wession of 8ente^ kv the Lords and Commons to their now Majesties, the Crown, and for settling the Crown, be brought in, by the Persons appointed to prepare the same, on Saturday next.

Ki»g ap- A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Merideth -and pmifts to be Mr. Keck;

attended. Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That they having sent to the King, to know when he would be attended with the Address of both Houses, that his Majesty hath sent them Word, That he will be in Town on Friday next; and that he hath appointed to be attended that Day, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sijnooy- A Bill that the Simony of one Person may not preju-

dice another, was read the Third time.

Vol, X.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Commission- Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for'«r» of Great enabling Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal to exe- ex*cu" cute the Offices of Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper'of ch&ocellor-the Great Seal, be revived; and sit this Afternoon. ship.

Mr. Franckland acquaints the House, That, he having Conference been, according to their Order, up with the Lords, to with b°rds-desire a free Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, the Lords do agree to a present free Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the Persons who managed the last Conference, do manage this free Conference.

The Managers went to the free Conference accordingly.

-Sir Jos.Tredenham reports from the free Conference

with the Lords, That the Persons appointed to manage the same had been with the Lords, and given them their Reasons, why they could not agree with the Lords in the Proviso by them offered, to the Bill for Remqving Papists from the Cities of London and Westminster.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit Committj*s. this Afternoon.

The House then, according to the Order of Yesterday, Supply Bill; resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to take PoU ^ax> into Consideration the Bill for granting a Supply to his Majesty by a Poll.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Treby took the Chair of the Committee.

»Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Treby reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; but could not go through the same; and moved,

That the Committee might sit again Tomorrow. '

Resolved,

Coventrye'*

Estate*

Leave of Absence.

East India Company.

Ditto.

v

I y° — i Apritis. 168 9.

Resolved, That this House do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Coasideration of the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 18* die Aprilis; i* Willielmi et Marias.

A Bill for preventing Doubts arid Scruples about the Supply BUI, Collecting the Revenue, was read the First time. collecting

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time To- e'enue"

morrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock; and no other Business to intervene.

The House then, according to the Order of Yesterday, resolved into a Committee of the whole JHouse, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for granting a Supply to their Majesties by a Poll.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Geo. Treby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Supply Bill, PoU Tax.

Prayers.

A BILL for the Sale or Leasing of a House, late Mr. Secretary Coventrye's in Piccadilly, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lewis have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight

Ordered, That Sir John Thomson have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, for his Health.

A Petition of Charles Price and Company, Merchants in London, Part Owners and Freighters of the Ship luzia; complaining of great Oppressions in relation to the said Ship, which was seized in India in the Year 1684, and also here in England in the Year 1686, by the Procurement of the East India Company, to the great Damage of the Petitioners; and praying Relief therein.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Matter of the said Petition, and the whole Affairs of the East India Company.

And it is referred to Mr. Po Sir Nappier,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir John Mr. Fuller, Sir

Matlh. Andrews, Mr. Ellwell, Colonel Birch, Sir John Mathews, Captain Wroth, Sir Patience Ward, Sir John Guise, Mr. Hamden, Lord DMr. Vincent, Mr. Sack ever ell, M r. Garway, Mv.Trafford,

Colt, Mr. Calmer, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Done, Mr.

Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Wogan, Sir Jo. Doyley, S\rRob. Clayton, S vcJames Rushout, SirJohn Knight, Mr. Caiman, Mr. Smith, Sir Wm. Stevens, Sir hams, Mr. Burrard, Sir Hen.Johnson, Sir Sir

Fra. Russell, Sir To. Cope: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Duchy Chamber; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House, with all convenient Speed.

Maty Felton took the Oaths, in order to her Naturalization.

A Petition of John Jolliffe and Edmund Harrison, of London, Merchants, on Behalf of themselves, and others; complaining of great Oppressions in relation to the Ship Adventure, which the East India Company possessed; to the great Damage of the Petitioners.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Matter of the Petition of Charles Price, and others, and the whole Affairs of the East India Company; to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions, to the House, with all convenient Speed.

A Petition of Samuell White', complaining of the East India Company in several Particulars, and of great Losses by him sustained by their Means, by their seizing his Estate in the East Indies, and otherwise.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Matter of the Petition of Charles Price, and others, and the whole Affairs of the East India Company; to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions, to the House, with all convenient Speed.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Miles Cooke and Removing Mr. Meredith', Papist*.

Mr. Speaker, We are desired by the Lords to acquaint you, that they desire a present free Conlerence, upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference, touching the Removing of Papists Irom the Cities of London and Westminster, in the Painted Chamber.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present free Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

The Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the Persons who managed the last free Conference, do manage this free Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Happier be added to the Managers.

Then the Managers went to the Conference with the Lords.

Sir Jos. Tredenham reports from the Conference with the Lords, That the Persons you appointed to manage the same, had been with the Lords: And that the Earl of Rochester managed for the Lords; and said, That they desired this Conference to maintain a good Correspondence between the Two Houses: And that the Lords could not agree to the Proviso sent from this House; but insisted upon their own, lor these Reasons:

Because the Queen Dowager had made so modesta Use of the Privileges that were granted her, that they had all the Reason to allow her the Privileges allowed to her in the Articles of Marriage: That she had entertained Protestant Ministers to assist the Devotion of her Protestant Servants here; and, when they were to go into France she took care for Protestant Ministers, that her Protestant Servants might receive the same Advantage there: But yet, in order to a fair Correspondence, offered an Expedient,

That the Proviso sent up by this House might be amended: Which Amendments he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being Twice read throughout; and afterwards one by one; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow:

Amendments to the Proviso concerning the Queen Dowager’s Servants, offered by the Commons to the Bill for amoving of Papists out of London.

5 L. leave out " not exceeding Nine in Number, at any time."

6 L. instead of "Women," read "other;" and, after " Servants," add, " being natural-born Subjects of their Majesties."

7 L. after Majesty," insert " the Queen Dowager."

9 L. leave out " Women."

10 L. for " Nine," read " Thirty."

11 L. after " time " add, " so as none of the said Servants, being natural-born Subjects of their Majesties, be a Jesuit, Monk, or Frier; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding."

Ordered, That Sir Jos. Tredenham do carry the Bill up to the Lords, and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House to the Amendments of the said Proviso.

Mr. Speaker again left the Chair. Supply Bill;

Sir George Treby took the Chair of the Committee. Pollux.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message

W.tf M.

18'

19

91

Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance.

Supply Bill; Poll lax.

Dissenters

Toleration.

Supply Bill; Poll Tax.

French

Protestants-

Hereford

WnL

A Message from the Lords, by Sir- Miles Cooke and Mr. Meredith;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That they have agreed to the Amendments proposed by this House, to be made to the Bill for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths; but with some Amendments, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Treby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Meredith

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of , from the Penalties

of certain Laws.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Speaker again left the Chair.

Sir George Treby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Treby reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill for granting a Supply to their Majesties, by a Poll; but could not perfect the same; and therefore moved, that the Committee might sit again.

Resolved, That this House do, Tomorrow Morning, _ at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Nev'ton, Mr. Freke, Mr, Cristy, Mr. Sherrard, Lord Fitzhardi, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Bromley, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of a Way to relieve the French Protestant Ministers, and such others as are uncapable to maintain themselves, otherwise than by Charity, who are fled out of France for their Religion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 19° die Aprilis; l Willielmi et Mariae.

glance.

Pratehs-

Exporting

Leather.

Debtors

Belief,

Supply Bill;

collecting

Revenue.

f~\RD FRED, That Mr. Speaker do grant his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a Writ, for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Hereford, in the room of Sir Wm.Gregory, Serjeant at Law, who is made one of the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas.

A Bill for Exportation of Leather was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for preventing Doubts and Questions concerning the Revenue was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hamden, S\vTho. Dyke, Mr. Boscaucn, Sir Andrews, Co\one\

Birch, Mr. Somers, Mr. Ettrick, Sit Rob. Colton, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Papillion, Sir John Knight, Sir Rob. Demers, Sir John Knatchbull, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Mr. Pelham, Sir

Wm. Honeywoqd, Sir f 'ran.Russel, Sir Geo. Treby, Mr.

Gtvyn, Mr. Fox, Mr. Carter, Sir Tretor Williams, Mr. Buckley, Mr. P. Foley, Mr. Sir H. Goodrich, Mr.

Palmes, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. , Sir Guise, Sir

1 V01.X.

H. Capell, Mr. Jtpson, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Arnold:

And they are to <neet this Afternoon, at Four of tile Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, that the Time for the Collection of the Revenue be enlarged, as far as may bq convenient.

The House then proceeded in the Consideration of the Oaths of Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the Bill, Supremacy intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supre- "d macy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths: And the same, being read, are as follows;

1 P. 32 L. after " Time," add, "of sooner, if required thereunto by any Order from his Majesty in Council, before such Persons, as, by the said Order, shall be appointed to take and receive the same."

2 P. ? L. after " taken," leave out to " every" in the Tenth Line; and insert " when he, or they, shall be required thereunto, by Order from his Majesty in Council, before such Persons, as, by the said Order, shall be appointed to receive the same.'’

16 L. leave out " said First Day of August; " and read,

" Time of the Refusal of such Person or Persons respectively."

19. L. for "within," read "after."

20 L. after " Oaths," add " if again required thereunto: " and leave out " such."

21 L. leave out from " Court," inclusive, to " their," in the 23th Line; and insert " as aforesaid."

37 L. after "taken," leave out "from" to "every," in the 3d Line of the 3d Press; and add " when required thereunto, by an Order from his Majesty’s Council, before such Persons, as, by the said Order, shall be appointed to take and receive the same."

3 Press, 12 Line, leave'out " said First Day of Augustand read " Time of the Refusal of such Person or Persons respectively."

13 L. for " within," read "after."

16 L. leave out " such Court or Place, and." '

19 L. instead of " the said First Day of August," read,

i(as aforesaid."

The First of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the same be read a Third time.

1 The same was read a Third time.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

The other Amendments being severally, one after another, read a Second time;

And the Question being severally pu£ thereupon, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said several Amendments;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the Amendments, by them proposed to be made to the Clause [A], sent up to the Lords by this House, as an Amendment proposed to be made to the Bill sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths.

And it is referred to Mr. Boscawen, Sir Geo. Treby, Mr.

Sacheverell, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Wm.Williams, Mr. Howies,

Sir H. Goodrick, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Major

Wildman, Mr. Finch, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. P. Foley,

Mr. Whit head, Mr. Sommers, Sir Rob.Sawyer, Mr

Sir H. Capell, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Hamjun. Mr. Hamden sen. Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Christopher Musgrave: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to report the same to the Hpuse with all convenient Speed.

Mr. Hamden jun. reports from the Committee ap- Address pointed to prepare an Address, upon the Debate, to respecting represent to his Majesty, That, if he shall think fit to enter War with ipto a War against France, the House will give him all Francf-such Assistance, in a Parliamentary Way, as shall enable

Aa him

Address respecting W ar with France,

94 190 Aprilis. 1689.

him to support and go through the same, That the Committee had agreed upon an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, is as followeth:

W£, Your- Majesty’s most loyal Subjects, the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious Consideration, the Condition and State of this Nation, in respect of France, and Foreign Alliances, in order to which we have examined the Mischiefs, brought upon Christendom, in late Years, by the Fretich King; who without any Respect to Justice, has, by Fraud and Force, endeavoured to subject it to an arbitrary and universal Monarchy.

In Prosecution of this Design, so pernicious to the Repose and Safety of Europe, he has neglected none of those Means, how indirect soever, which his Ambition or Avarice could suggest to him: The Faith of Treaties among all Princes, especially Christian Princes, ever held most inviolable, has never been able to restrain him, nor the solemnest Oaths to bind him, when any Occasion presented itself for extending the Limits of his Kingdom; or oppressing those whom his Interest inclined him to qualify by the Name of his Enemies: Witness, his haughty and groundless Declaration of War against the States General of the United Provinces, in the Year 1672; in which lie assigned no other Reason for disturbing that profound Peace, which, through God's Mercy, all Europe enjoyed at that Time, but his ow n Glory, and his Resolution to punish the Dutch, for some imaginary Slights and Disrespects, which he would have had the World believe they had put upon him: W’hereas the true Occasion of that War was nothing else but a formed Design laid down and agreed upon by that King, and his Accomplices, for the Subversion of the Liberties of Europe, and for abolishing the Commonwealth of Holland, as being too

o 7 o

dangerous an Example of Liberty to the Subjects of the neighbouring Monarchs. The Zeal for Catholick Religion, which was pretended by him in this, and the following Wars, did afterwards sufficiently appear to the World, to be no other than a Cloak for his unmeasurable Ambition; for, at the same time, when the Persecution grew hottest against the Protestants of France, Letters w'ere intercepted

and published from him to Count Teckley, to give him the greatest Encouragement, and promise him the utmost Assistance in the War, which, in Conjunction with the Turke, he then managed against the First and Greatest of all the Roman Catholick Princes:

Witness also, the many open Infractions of the Treaties both of Aivla Chapelle and Nim (whereof Your Majesty is the strongest Guarantee), upon the most frivolous Pretences imaginable, of which the most usual was, that of Dependencies; an Invention set on Foot, on purpose to serve for a Pretext of Rupture with all his Neighbours, unless they chose rather to satisfy his endless Demands, by abandoning one Place after another to his insatiable Appetite of Empire; and for maintaining whereof, the Two Chambers of Metts and were erected, to

find out and forge Titles, and to invent equivocable Constructions for eluding the plain Meaning of Treaties concluded, and sworn with the greatest Solemnity; than which nothing can be more sacred among Mankind.

From hence it was also, that Strasburgh was so infamously surprised by the French King, in a Time of full Peace: And though great Conditions were agreed and promised to the Inhabitants of that City, yet no sooner was he in Possession of it, but all Stipulations were forgotten, and that ancient free City doth now groan under the same Yoke with the rest of that King’s Subjects.

The building the Fort of contrary to so

many solemn Assurances given to the and the

Affair oi Luxernburgh, are too well known to need a

particular Deduction: In a Word, the whole Series of the Fretich King’s Actions, for many Years last past, has been so ordered, as if it were his Intention not only to render his own People extremely miserable, by intolerable

Impositions of Taxes to be imployed in maintaining an incredible Number of Dragoons, and other Soldiers, to be the Instruments of his Cruelty upon such of them as refuse, in all Things, to comply with his unjust Commands; but likewise to hold all the neighbouring Powers in perpetual Alarum and Expense for the Maintaining of Armies and Fleets, that they may be in a Posture to defend themselves against the Invader of their common Safety and Liberties.

Examples of this Sort might be innumerable: But his Invasion of Flanders and Holland, since the last Truce of 1684, and the Outrages committed upon the Empire, by attacking the Fort of Phillipsburgh, without any Declaration of War, at the same time that his Imperial Majesty was employing all his Forces against the common Enemy of the Christian Faith; and his wasting the Palatinate with Fire and Sword, and murdering an infinite Number of innocent Persons; for no other Reason, as himself has publickly declared, but because he thought the Elector Palatine faithful to the Interest of the Empire, and an Obstacle to the Compassing of his ambitious Designs; are sufficient Instances of this.

To these we caimot but, with a particular Resentment, add the Injuries done to Your Majesty, in the most unjust and violent Seizing of Your Principality of Orange,- and the utmost Insolencies committed upon the Persons of Your Majesty’s Subjects there; and how, to facilitate his Conquest upon his Neighbour Princes, he engaged the Turks in a M ar against Christendom at the same time.

And, as if the Violating of Treaties, and Ravaging the Countries of his Neighbour States, were not sutiieicnt Means of advancing his exorbitant Power and Greatness; he has constantly had recourse to the vilest and meanest Acts, for the Ruin ot those whom he had taken upon him to subdue to his Will and Power; insinuating himself, by his Emissaries, under the sacred Name and Character of Publick Ministers, into those who were intrusted in the Government of Kingdoms and States, suborning the m,' by Ciifts and Pensions, to the selling their Masters, and betraying their Lrusts: and descending even to intrigues by Women, who were sent or married into the Countries of divers potent Princes, to lie as Snakes in their Bosoms to eat out their Bowels, or to instil that Poison into . them, that might prove the Destruction of them and their Countries; of which Poland, Savoy, and to

mention no more at present, can give but too ample Testimonies.

The insolent Use he has made of his ill-gotten Greatness, has been as extravagant as the Means of procuring , it: For this the single Instance of Genoa may suffice; which, without the least Notice, or any Ground of a Quarrel whatsoever, was bombarded by the French Fleet; and the Doge, and Four principal Senators, of that free State, constrained, in Persons, to humble themselves at that Monarch’s Feet, which in the Style of France, is called, Chastising Sovereigns for casting Umbrage upon his Greatness.

His Practises against England have been of the same Nature; and by corrupt Means he has constantly, and with too much Success, endeavdtired to get such Power in the Court of England, in the Time of King Charles the Second, and the late King James, as might, by degrees, undermine the Government, and true Interest of this flourishing Kingdom.

Another Art, which he has used to weaken England, and subject it to his aspiring Designs, was, never to admit an equal Balance of Trade, nor consent to any just Treaty or Settlement of Commerce; by which he promoted our Ruin at our own Charge.

When, from a just Apprehension of this formidable growing Power of France, the Nation became zealous to right themselves; and the House of Commons, in the Year 1677, being assured they Should have an actual War against France, cheerfully raised a great Sum of Money: and an Army as readily appeared to carry on the War; that Interest of France had still Power enough to render all this ineffectual, and to frustrate the Nation of all their Hopes and Expectations.

Nor

95

Advance oa Credit of Act for an Aid.

Borealston U nt.

i W.& M. 19 — 20° A

Nor did France only render this desired War ineffectual* but had Power enough to make us practise their Injustice o

and Barbarity, by turning our Force against our next Sabbati, 20° die Aprilis;

Neighbours, by assaulting their Smyrna Fleet.

Nor were they more industrious, by corrupt Means, 10 Willielmi et Marias,

to obtain this Power, than careful, by the same Ways, to Pra y rs'

support it: And, knowing, that from Parliaments only R a y £ r s.

could probably proceed an Obstruction to their secret A BILL for Sale or Leasing of a House, late Mr. Coventrie’a Practices, they attempted to make a Bargain, that they Secretary Covcntries, in Piccadilly, was read the Estate,

Should not meet in such p. Time, in which they might Second time.

hope to perfect their Designs of enslaving the Nation. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dolben,

In the same Confidence of this Power, they violently ^r* Roberts. Air. Newport, Mr. Grey, Mr. Somers, Air. seized upon Part oiHudson's Bay; and when the Alatter FhiL Foley, Sir Fr. Russell, Sir Christoph. Musgrave, was complained of by the Company, and the Injury Bickerstafft, Mr. Russell, Mr. Mansell, SitJohn Cutler, offered to be proved, the best Expedient France could find Sir IVm. Honcyxcood, Mr. Grubb, Sir Trevor Williams, Air. to cover their Injustice, and prevent Satisfaction, was, to Burdett, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Papillixm, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. make use of their great Interest in the Court of England, Buckley, Mr. P. loley, Mr. T. Foley, Sir Jos. Tredenham, to keep it from ever coming to be heard. ^r* Pelham, Sir Patience JVard, Mr. Musgrave, Sir

The French King, in pursuance of his usual Alethods John Knight, Mr. Polleajen, Mr. Cristy, Sir Geo. Treby, of laying hold of any Opportunity that might increase his ^faj°r Manley, Sir IVm. Stevens, Sir Rob. Kappier, Lord Power, and give Disturbance to others, has now carried on Fitzharding: And they are to meet on Monday next, at an actual War in Ireland, sending thither a great Number lour of the Clock in the Atternoon, in the Queens of Officers with Aloney, Arms, and Ammunition; and, Court, under the Pretence of assisting the late King James, he

has taken the Government of Affairs into his Hands, by BM for explaining, and making effectual, a Statute Yarmouth putting all Officers into Commands, and managing the made in the First Year of King James the^Second, con- Haven, w hole Business by his Ministers; and has already begun cerning the Haven and Piers ot Great I armouth, was to use the same Cruelties and Violences upon Your rea<^ *he Fhird time.

Majesty’s Subjects there, as he has lately practised in his Resolved, lhat the Bill do pass: And that the Title ow n Dominions, and in all other Places, where he has thereol be, An Act for explaining and making effectual,

Power enough to destroy. R Statute made in the lust Y^ear of King James the

" Lastly, the French KingsDeclaration of War against Second, concerning the Haven and Piers of Great the Crown of Spaine is wholly grounded upon its Friend? Yarmouth.

ship to Your A1 jesty s Royal Person; and no other Cause Ordered, That Air. England do carry up the Bill to the of denouncing War against it is therein alleged, than the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Resolutions taken in that Court to favour Your Majesty,

whom he most injuriously terms, The Usurper oi England-, A Petition of John and Thomas , Owners of the Fast India

an Insolence never enough to be resented and detested Ship complaining of great Oppressions in relation Company,

by Your Majesty’s Subjects. to the said Ship, which was sunk and plundered by one

After our humble Representation of all these Particulars Captain John ,by Order from Sir Josiah Child; to to Your Majesty, if Your Majesty shall think fit to enter the great Damage of the Petitioners; was read-into a War against France, We humbly assure Your ResThat it be referred to the Committee ap- Majesty, that we will give You such Assistance, in a pointed the Eighteenth Instant, to consider of the Matter Parliamentary Way, as shall enable Your Majesty to of the Petition of and others, and the whole

su pport and go through the same: And we shall not doubt, Affairs of the East India Company, to examine the Matter but, by the Blessing of God upon Your Majesty’s prudent of the said Petition; and to report the Matter, with their Conduct, a Stop may be put to that growing Greatness Opinions, to the House, with all convenient Speed, oi the French King, which threatens all Christendom with Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider of

no less than absolute Slavery; the incredible Quantity of the Matter of the Petition of Charles Price, and others, innocent Blood shed may be revenged; his oppressed and the whole Affairs of the East India Company, have Neighbours restored to their just Rights and Possessions; Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Your Majesty’s Alliances, and the Treaty of Nimeghen, ‘

supported to that Degree, that all Europe in General, and Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare Oaths of this Nation in Particular, may for ever have Occasion to Reasons for a Conference with the Lords, touching the Supremacy celebrate Your Majesty, as the great Maintainer of Justice Amendments to the Bill for abrogating the Oaths of anc* ^e' and Liberty, and the^Opposer and Overthrower of all Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths, giauce-Violence, Cruelty, and arbitrary Power. do immediately withdraw to the Speaker’s Chamber, to

prepare the same.

Resolved, That it be re-committed to the same Committee: And that the Committee do meet this Afternoon, A Bill for the Naturalization of Henry de Nassau, and Nassau's, kc« at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. others, was read the Second time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hen.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inquire Hobart, Sir 7rev. Williams, Sir Robert Mr.

why no more Money hath been advanced upon the Bill Thomson, Mr. England, Sir Major Manley,

for the granting a present Aid to their Majesties, have Mr. Ashe, Sir Matth. Mr, Howard, Sir Jos.

Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. Tredenham, SirTho. Dyke, Mr. Norreis, Walter Moyle,

,. , Mr. Arnold, Mr. Foley, Mr. , Mr. Cristy, Sir

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to Knight, Sir Rich, Sir Tho. And they are

the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a Writ, for the to meet on Monday next, in the Afternoon, at Four of Fleeting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, for the Borough of Borealston in the County of Devon,

in the room of Sir John Holt, now Lord Chief Justice of Ordered, That the Members of the House, who serve Aulnage the Court of King's Bench. for the County of Essex, be added to the Committee Duty.

appointed to examine the Matter touching the Aulnage.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock. A Bill for Exportation of Leather was read the Second Exporting

time. Leather.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Sir Knight,

Colonel Poole, Sir Hen. , Mr. Vincent, Sir Jos.

Coke’s

Estate*

Sailing and Escape ef Brent

Rights of the Subject, and 'succession to the Crown.

Marches Court in Wales*

Woollen

Manufacture.

Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

pS &op April. i68p.

Tredenham, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr. England, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Phil. Skippon, Sir J.Darcy, Mr. Fenwick, Mr.

Papillion, Major Manley, JVlr. Harley, Mr. Philips, Sir Pat. Ward, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Hercey, Mr.

Lascells, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir Tho. Hervey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cristy, Mr. Norreis, Sir Tho. Sir Robert

Coston, SitWm. Yorke, Mr. Foley, Mr. Russell, and all the Members that serve for the City of London and Borough of Southxcarke: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Fopf of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber.

A Bill to enable Yapnger Coke, Esquire, to sell Lands to pay his Debts, and provide for his younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act to enable Younger Coke, Esquire, to sejl Lands to pay Debts, and provide for his younger Children.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry up the Bill to the JLords, for their Concurrence,

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter relating to the Bailing of Mr. Brent, do make his Report touching Sir Janies Smith on Monday Morning next.

A Bill for establishing the Articles presented to their now Majesties by the Lords and Commons, the Thirteenth of February last, and for settling the Crown, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking away the Court holden before the President and Council of the Marches of Wales is referred, be made upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Consumption of Wool.

Sir George Treby reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference, That they had prepared the same accordingly: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read once throughout; and afterwards, one by one; and agreed unto by the House, and are as followeth:

1. That it has been the Policy of the Common Law and Statute Law, to oblige Men to swear Allegiance to the King.

2. Allegiance is the common and necessary Duty of all Subjects, and is most strictly to be required of Arch* bishops, Bishops, and those who have Ecclesiastical Dignities, Benefices, or Promotions, in regard they are highly intrusted in the Administration of the Government, draw great Dependencies, and are exemplary to the rest of the People; and several of them are, by Law to administer, the Oaths of Allegiance to other Persons. Allegiance is also strictly to be required of all Governors, Professors, and Fellows in Universities, and Schoolmasters, because to diem the Education of the Youth of the Kingdom is committed; and therefore they ought to be Persons of known Loyalty and Affection to the Government

3. The taking the Oaths publickly in open Court will better manifest Allegiance, than the taking them privately before Persons appointed by Order in Council; and will be much more safe for the Persons who are obliged to take the Oaths.

4. The best and most certain Means to have the Oaths taken, is to impose it upon the Persons concerned to tender themselves to take the said Oaths under Penalties: But if the Oaths are not to be required, unless tendered, the said Persons might by Absence, and otherwise, avoid die taking them with impunity.

5. The Clause which the Commons sent to your Lordships, allows much ... Favour to the Archbishops, or

Bishops, and those that have Ecclesiastical Dignities,

Benefices, or Promotions than to any Lay Peers or odier Persons, having Offices and Employments; and is more gentle in the Penalty, than the Statutes heretofore made in like Case.

6. It is unreasonable and unsafe to distinguish the Archbishops, Bishops, and Persons having Ecclesiastical Dignities, Benefices, or Promotions, and such as are intrusted with the Education of Youth, from the rest of the Subjects, in the Declaration of their Allegiance; and may tend to make a Division in the Kingdom; and may raise and countenance Faction both in Church and State.

7. It may tend to expose the King’s Person and , Government to Hatred and Danger, and occasion a general Discontent.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do go up to the Conference Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Amendments with Lords-proposed to the Bill for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths.

Sir Thomas Littleton acquaints the House, That he having, according to their Order, attended the Lords, to desire a Conference; their Lordships do agree to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the Committee to whom it was referred to prep'are Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, do manage the Conference.'

The Managers went to the Conference accordingly.

Sir Geo. Treby reports from the Conference with the Lords, That the Persons appointed to manage the Conference had been with the Lords; and offered the Reasons ’ agreed unto by the House, why they do not agree with the Lords in the said Amendments.

A Bill for exempting their Majesties Subjects, dissent- Dissenters ing from the Church of England, from the Penalties of Toleration, certain Laws, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Friday Morning next.

A Motion being made, for a Supply to be given for Supply, the Navy;

Resolved, That this House do, Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it is referred Address to prepare an Address relating to a War against France, ^with be revived; and do sit this Afternoon. France.

Resolved, That this House do now resolve itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Poll Tax. Consideration of the Bill for granting a Supply to their Majesties by a Poll.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Treby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Geo. Treby reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had gone through the Bill; and that they had . directed him to move, that his Report thereupon might be received on Monday Morning.

Resolved, That the Report be received on Monday Morning next.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That he, with the Address pre-House, had attended his Majesty Yesterday, at the Ban- eented. queting- House in Whitehall, with the Address of this House: And that his Majesty was pleased to say to this Effect; That all Addresses were very acceptable to Him that came from this House; and that He would send an Answer in Writing this Morning: And that, accordingly,

He had sent the same: Which Mr. Speaker read; and is as followeth:

Answer to

Address-Church of England,

To be read again.

Bailing and Escape of Brent.

Leave for a Member to attend Lords.

Solly’s

L>t£te.

Scavengers of Southwarke.

hackney

Coache*.

w. M.

20* — a i" Aprilis.

97

THOUGH I have had rhany Occasions of assuring you that I will maintain the Church of England, as by Law established; yet I am well pleased with every Opportunity of repeating those Promises, which I am resolved to perforin by supporting this Church; whose Loyalty, I doubt not, will enable me to answer your just Expectations.

And as my Design irt coming hither was to rescue you from the Miseries you laboured under, so it is a great Satisfaction to Me, that, by the Success God has given Me, I am in a Station of defending this Church, which has effectually shewn her Zeal against Popery, and shall always be my peculiar Cafe; and I do hope the Ease you design to Dissenters will contribute very much to the Esta-blishment of this Church; which, therefore, I do earnestly recommend to you, that the Occasions of Differences, ana mutual Animosities, may be removed: And, as soon as conveniently may be, I will summon a Convocation.

Resolved, That the same be again read on Monday Morning, at Ten of the Clock,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 22° die Jprilis', i° Willielmi et Mariae.

P it a y e r s.

RDERED, That the Chairman of the Committee to whom the Matter relating to the Bailing Mr. Brent was referred, he being sick, do give his Report touching Sir James Smith to some other Member, so as the same may be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General have Leave to be at the Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between Strode and Sandys.

Ordered, That Leave be given, to Mr. Tho. Hill, to bring in a Bill to make good a Title to some Lands sold to one Mr. Solly.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants of the Borough of Southwarke was read; setting forth, That they, being Scavengers there, and sworn to execute their Office, and obliged to pay the Rakers of their several Parishes, had no Power to levy the Assessment on the Inhabitants, by reason of the Expiring of the Statute of the i 3th and 14th of Charles the Second; so that they have been great Sufferers, paying great Rates to the Rakers, and the Inhabitants refasing to pay them any thing but what they please: And desiring the said Statute to be revived.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the Bill for reviving the Act for Licensing Hackney Coaches, is read a Second time.

A Petition of Henry Hutchins, and others, on the Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Four hundred Hackney Coadimen, setting l'orth, That, to prevent the Mischiefs, arising to the Publick from the excessive Number of Hackney Coaches, art Act passed in the 13th and 14th of Charles the Second, amongst other Things, to license a limited Number of Coaches; which Act being expired, and the Number of Hackney Coaches much augmentedand there being a Bill depending in this Honourable House; and praying that the like Act may pass for them; was read.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the Bill for reviving the Act for Licensing Hackney Coaches, is read a Second Time. Vol.X.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of FketstrSei and the Hackney Strand, near and about Temple Bar', and the Inhabitahts Coaches, of King-street, Westminster; shewing, ThatKing James the Second, upon Complaint to him inadOy that the Unlimited Number of Hackney Coaches were Annoyances, and troublesome to Passengers and Traders, by stopping and choaking up the Streets, did, in November 1687, reduce them to Four hundred, as established; and that, after that, the! Petitioners were free from the daily and hourly Stops, which hindered them from coming to their Shops, to their great Loss; and found a great Ease to their Trade, ill Freedom of Passage in the Streets; and praying that the Number may not be increased; was read.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered when the Bill for reviving the Act for Licensing Hackney Coaches, is read a Second time.

A Bill for reviving a former Act for Licensing Hack- Ditto, ney Coaches, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Hamden, Lord Digby, Mr.

Done, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Coningsby, Mr. JVogdn, Sir Tho.

Dyke, Mr. Tipping, Lord Falkland, Sir 6 Raleigh,

Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Howard, Sir Hen. Goff'e, Mr. Howe,

Sir Rob. Daverse, Mr. Grubb, Mr. Mr.

Barker, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Paul Foley,

Sir John Williams, Mr. Colt, Mr. Mr.

Sir John Knight, Mr. Hen. Herbert, Sir Bouch. Wray,

Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Arnold, Sir# Thomson, Major Man-ley, Sir Peter Rich, Mr. Philips, Mr. Grey, Sir Poultny, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Palmes, Sir H. Goodrich,

Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Tho. Barnadiston, Sir Kvatch-bull, and all the.Members that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and the County of Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwarke: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber. And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That a Provision be made, out of the Money arising yearly by Hackney Coaches, for establishing an Academy for the Education of young Gentlemen; god also, that some Provision be made for the French, and Irish Protestants, who are fled from France and Ireland for their Religion.

His Majesty’s Answer to the Address was, according Answer t#

to the Order of Saturday last, again read. Address

J ° again read.

Ordered, That the Bill for Ease and Indulgence to Dissenters

Protestant Dissenters, be read a Second time, on Friday Toleiation.

next

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Exporting

Sir Robert Legard; Corn,&c.

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, that they have passed the Bill for Exportation of Corn, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Ordered, That the Calling over the House be ad- Call of the

journed until Saturday next. House.

Resolved, That this House do, To-tnorfow Morning supply, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a Motion made on Saturday last) for a Supply to be given for the Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Bigg and Sir Thomas Barnddistoh Leave of ihave Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight. Absence.

A Petition and Address of the Archbishops and Bishops, jrisj, clergy, and Clergy, of Ireland, setting forth, That, by reason of the publick Calamity of that Kingdom, aind Hatred of the Enemies of their Religion, they are constrained to take Reluge in this Kingdom; whereby they are divested of their Revenues, and all worldly Goods1, arid rendered unable to sustain their own or Families Necessities: And praying that their Condition may be taken into Con-ajderatiou, and some convenient Relief and support be

B b procured

Tfl-

IJISU9THSK

32*

A-168^,

procured for them, by such Method and Means as the House shall think fit; was read.

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly desired, by this House, to take into Consideration the Condition of the said Archbishops, Bishops, and Clergy, and to afford them some Relief, in such Way as to his Majesty shall seem meet.

Ordered, That such Members of the Home, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy' Council, do acquaint his Majesty with such the Desires of this House.

Address Resolved, That the Report from the Committee ap-

WaTagamst P°’nte<^ to prepare an Address in relation to a War against Franc France, be received on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Supply Bill j Sir George Treby, according to the Order of Saturday Poll 'lax. last, reports from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting a Supply to their Majesties by a Poll, was referred, That they having taken the same into their Consideration, had thought fit to make several Amendments, and add several Clauses to the Bill: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were Once read throughout; and afterwards, several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

Then he acquainted the House, That the Committee had thought fit to come to a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, is as followed):

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all such Persons as shall be named and appointed Justices of the Peace, at the Time of the Execution of this Act, be the Commissioners to put this Act in Execution, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Corporations; together with such other Persons as this House shall make and appoint.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, a Debate arose thereupon:

And the Question being put, That the House do . agree with the Committee in the said Resolve;

It passed in the Negative.

Conference A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and oluttofAh Sir Robert Legard;

legiance, fee* Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference - ’ with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference upon the Bill of Oaths.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House do agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

And the Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the Managers of the former Conference do manage this Conference.

Resolved, That Sir Joseph be added to the

Managers.

The Managers went to the Conference accordingly.

Sir Tho. Lee reports from the Conference, That the Persons appointed to manage the same had attended the Lords; And that the Earl of Nottingham managed on Be- half of the Lords, and insisted upon their former Amendments to the Bill of Oaths; and gave several Reasons for the same: Which he delivered, by comparing them with the Reasons of this House, and are as followeth:

In Answer to the First and Second Reasons, alleged by the House of Commons; it is agreed, that the Policy of the Law requires Men to swear Allegiance; and that it is the common and necessary Duty of all Subjects, and especially of the Clergy: But the Lords do not exempt them from taking these Oaths, but only differ with the House of Commons, about the Method by which they Should be tendered.

To the Third Reasons; If the Lords Should agree, That it is better to tender the Oaths in open Court than privately; yet That is not a sufficient Reason against the

tendering them by Persons appointed by the King in Council; because the Officers and Judges of the Court may be so appointed, by virtue of the Clause offered by the Lords: Or, if it be not clearly enough expressed, it may be inserted more explicitly.

To the.Fourth; The Clergy will be required to take the Oaths, by such Order in Council as is proposed by the Lords; and their not appearing, when so summoned, will amount to a Refusal; or, if it Should not, the Lords would agree to any such Addition as would make it so.

To the other Reasons; The Clergy and the Members of the Universities, not distinguished from the Laity, because, upon all Promotions to any Degree or Preferment, they will be, equally with others, obliged to take, the Oaths; and even those that are already in such Stations, will be obliged to take the Oaths, when required by Order in Council: And it seems to conduce more to the Settlement and Safety of the Government, that the King Should be impowered to put the Fidelity of the Clergy to a Trial immediately, than to leave any who are ill-affected to the Government, so much Time as to the First of August, to be all that while undermining it.

The Clergy are obliged, by the Prayers which they must read in the Daily Service, to make such express and Solemn Declarations of their Fidelity to the King and <Queen by Name, that the putting them to the taking the Oaths is not so necessary to the public Safety, as in other Persons, who are not bound to make such frequent Declarations of their Fidelity.

In so critical a Time as the present is, it is not to be doubted, but, upon any Case of apprehending their ill Affections to the Government, the tendering the Oaths by Order in Council, will not only take of all Imputation of Hardship from his Majesty, but justify, and even require, a more rigorous Way of Proceeding against those that shall give any Cause of Offence.

Since during Queen Elizabeth's long and glorious Reign, in which she had both the pretended Title of the Queen of Scotts, and the deposing Power assumed by the Popes, to apprehend, this was found to be the safest Way for the publick Quiet: And the ill Effects of leaving the tendering the Oaths to the Queen’s Discretion not having appeared in all that time, of so much Danger, and so many Conspiracies against her Person, the following a Pattern taken from the best Part of our History, seems most suitable to the present Time, than the falling on other Methods: Which the Lords think a sufficient Answer to the last Reason given by the House of Commons.

The Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the former Managers do withdraw, to prepare themselves for a free Conference with the Lords.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard be added to the Managers.

Resolved, That Sir John Guise do go to the Lords, to desire a free Conference on the Subject Matter of the last Conference, touching the Bill of Oaths.

Sir John Guise acquaints the House, That he having, according to their Order, been up at the Lords, to desire a free Conference; the Lords do agree to a present free Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the former Managers of the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the free Conference accordingly.

The Managers being returned;

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Committee*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Noming, Nine of the Clock.

Committees.

Excise on Bter.

East India Company,

Disarming

Papists.

Leave of Absence.

Commissioners of Great Seal to execute Lord-Chancellor-ship.

i W. & M. 23* Aprilis. 99

Martis, 23* die Aprilis; i* Willielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

A Petition of the Brewers of the Town and Borough exercise." of King's Lynein the County of Notfolke; shewing, That L. 55, leave out the Word " respectiveand these

they have constantly brewed Beer at Thirty-six Gallons Words, " during their respective Commission." per Barrell; and that, during all the Time of the Farmers L. 57, after the Words " belonging to," leave out of the Excise till 1683, they paid Duties accordingly; these Words, " their Office of;" and insert the Word but that, since, Beer has been returned for Ale, contrary " tl^e."

to the Intent of the Laws; by reason whereof great Sums L. 59, between the Word " like," and the Word have been extorted from the Petitioners; and praying " Authority," insert the Word "Offices."

Consideration thereof, and Relief therein; was read. L. 63, between the Word " Seal," and the Word

Ordered, That the same do lie upon the Table; to be " for," insert the Words " of England."

considered when the Matter of the Revenue shall come L- 70, after the Word " and, ’ insert these Words,

under the Consideration of the House. . " that the said Lords Commissioners, or any of them,

having the Great Seal born by or before him or them Ann Astky took the Oaths at the Table, in order to shall have and take the same Place and Precedence as her being naturalized. the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal

of England, of Right had, or ought to have, and at other A Petition of Thomas Sandys, and others, Owners of Times." the Ship Comerce; complaining of the said Ship’s being L. 71, after the Word " Realm," insert these Words,

stopped from going her Voyage, by Order from the King " unless any of them shall happen to be a Peer; and then and Council, when her Cargo was on board, and all to take place according to his Peerage."

Things ready for her Voyage; and that they were forced, L. 71, leave out the Proviso to the 81 L.

after a Year’s Time spent in several Courts about her, L. 81, leave out the Clause after the Word "present,"

they were forced, to desist, and dispose of the Ship and to the Word " notwithstanding" in 1. 89.

Cargo, to their great Prejudice; and that such Proceed- And afterwards the same, except the last Amendment, ings are a great Violation to the Rights and Properties of were read a Second time, one by one: and, upon the the Subject; and praying the Consideration of the House Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto, therein; was read. The last of the said Amendments being read a Second

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee ap- time; and a Debate arising thereupon; pointed the Eighteenth Instant, to consider of the Matter Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed upon the De-of the Petition of Charles Price, and others, and the whole bate of the House; And they are to meet this Afternoon,

Affairs of the East India Company; to examine the Mat- at Four of the Clock; and all that come are to have ter of the said Petition; and to report the Matter, with Voices, their Opinions, to the House, with ail convenient Speed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Abolishing Sir Henry Goodrick reports from the Committee to Sir James Astrey; He*rth-

whom the Bill for the more speedy Conviction and Dis- Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to mone^r* arming of Papists, was referred, That they had thought acquaint this House, that they have passed the Bill for fit to make several Amendments to the Bill, and to add taking away the Hearth-money, a Clause thereunto: Which he read in his Place; and And then the Messengers withdrew, afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same being Once read throughout; and a ifoso/red, That this House do, on Monday Morning, Act of Second time, one by one; were, upon the Question, se- next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, inde-nity^ verally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. - to take into Consideration the Heads for a Bill of General

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Pardon and Indemnity, ingrossed.

Resolved, That the House do now proceed upon the Supply Bill Ordered, That Mr. James have Leave to go into the Amendments reported to the Bill for granting a Supply PoU Country, for a Fortnight to their Majesties by a Poll.

And the Matter touching the appointing of Commis-Sir JVm. Poultneyreports from the Committee to whom sioners for putting the Act in Execution, was resumed,

the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Great . Resolved, That it be left to their Majesties to nominate

Seal to execute the Office of Lord Chancellor, or Lord Commissioners, out of those in the Act for the granting Keeper of the Great Seal of England, That they had a present Aid to their Majesties, to put this Act in Exe-thought fit to make several Amendments thereunto: cution.

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered Resolved, That Sir Hen. Pollexfen, Mr. Sir

the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were Rich. Temple, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Geo. Treby, Sir Tho.'

Once read throughout; and are as followeth: Lee, Mr. Somers, Mr. Eyres, Sir Rob. Sawyer, do im-

P. 1, 1. 2, after the Word "have," leave out to the mediately withdraw into the Speaker’s Chamber; and Word "and" in 1. 26; and, instead thereof, insert these prepare a Clause for that Purpose.

Words, " thought fit, that the Office of the Lord Chan- The Residue of the Amendments to the Bill, being read cellor, or Lord Keeper of the great Seal of England, a Second time, one alter another, were, upon the Ques- . Should be executed by Commissioners appointed for the tien severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, same under the Great Seal." A Clause whereby all Tradesmen, and others, using

L. 28, after the Word " and, " leave out to the Word any manual Occupation, worth Three hundred Pounds,

" otherwise" in 1. 33. and upwards, clear Personal Estate, Should be rated as a

L. 37, after the Word "Doubts," add the Word Gentleman is, in respect of his Title; which was added " and and, after the Word " Questions," leave out at the Committee; being read the Second time; these Words, " and Scruples." Upon the Question put, That the House do agree with

L. 39, after the Word " Powers," leave out to the the Committee to the said Clause;

Word " Commissioners" ini. 40; and, instead thereof, It passed in the Negative.

insert these Words, " may be exercised by such Commissioners."

L. 44, after the Word " the" leave out the Word " Assent;" and, instead thereof, insert the Words " Advice and Consent."

L. 46, after the Word " that," leave out the Word " at" in 1, 54, P. 2; and insert these Words, " that such Commissioners for the Time being may use and

IOO

230 — -240

A. 1689.

A Clause was offered, to be made Part of the Bill, for ago, he was polled at an Election, and all the Freemen,

a 1 JT* . _ - A A AL. — U — -> — _ 4_ a_ jJ 4* *> /\i a 4- I It n A. 4 W M3 A M3 A 1 J

Masters and Mistresses to pay for their Servants, and deduct the same out of the next Wages: Which, being Twice read, was agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause was offered, to be made Part of the Bill, for their Majesties, under the Great Seal, to autho-

without Distinction. At Sir Robert Parkkurst, and Alderman Abbott's Election, he says, they polled all that did not pay Scotland Lot: And that, all that time, he did not pay Scotland Lot, being newly married, yet voted; but says, he never received Alms: And that it continued so

rize Commissioners to put the Act in Execution: Which till King James the Second his time, and then the M(V nn 1 ‘ 1 " gistrates would have none polled, but such as paid to

Church and Poor: But before, he says, an Order used to be read in the Church, for all Freemen to come to the Election: And, though he remembers Four or Five Elections, yet he never knew any Dispute about paying to Church and Poor: And that he has known those that have lived in Alms-houses, and received Alms, polled; but could name none such.

Thomas said, he had knowti Elections for

Forty-two Years; and, if they were Freemen, though Alms-men, they gave their Votes: That now he pays

was Twice read; and agteed unto by the House,

Another Clause was offered, to be made Part of the Bill, for exempting the Irish Nobility and Gentry from this Tax: Which was Twice read; and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Clauses, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House do, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Navy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Scotland Lot, and has paid for Three Years; but, when

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 24* die Aprilis;

i° Willielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

Westminster f\RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

Paving.

Nassau’s, See. Nat.

for paving the Streets of Westminster, and other Places within the Bills of Mortality, except the City of London.

he did not pay, he voted: That he voted for Mr. Glover, and Mr. Weston, Sir Rich. Onslow and Sir Arthur Onslou',

though he did not pay Scotland Lot; and no Dispute was about their paying Scotland Lot till King James the Second’s Time.

Thomas Ellis had known the Town for Forty-two Years: That, when Mr. Glover and Mr. Weston was chosen, all Freemein had their Voices, though they were so poor as to receive Alms; He was polled then, though he paid not to the Poor; but he received no Alms: That he does pay to the Poor now.

Mr. Coldham said, He took the Poll for Mr.

Sir Robert Cotton reports from the Committee to whom at his Desire, after the Poll was adjourned, and before it

the Bill for Naturalizing Henry de Nassau, and others, was referred, That the Committee had thought fit to make several Amendments thereunto: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were

was declared: But, whether they were Freemen, or what they were, he knows not; but says, he polled above Fifty.

Geo. Chenell said, he knew about Fifty of those polled by Mr. Coldham to be Freemen.

Another Witness testified, That, as soon as the Court

Once read throughout; and a Second time, one by one; saw Mr. Randyll desired all the Freemen might Poll; and and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed the Mayor declared none Should poll, but them that paid

unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ingrossed.

be

Committees.

Guilford

Election.

Ordered, That sit this Afternoon.

all Committees be revived; and do

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privi-

Scotland Lot; that Mr. Randyll did offer a List of Names to Mr. Mayor after the Adjournment, and before the Poll was declared: And Mr. Mayor refused to poll them, saying, they were not qualified.

Hen. Mills and Edw. Bray said, several were denied to poll by the Mayor, though they offered themselves, that did not receive Alms, nor Scot nor Lot.

William Milton said, He know s the Men polled in the

leges and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the List by Coldham, except Two or Three, to be Freemen: Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament That about Thirty-eight of them were allowed to poll in

for the Borough of Guilford in the County of Surrey 1679: 't’L i -L — - c-----

was referred, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerks Table; and is as followeth:

Upon the Petition of Morgan Randyll, Esquire, touching the Election of Burgesses for the Town of Guilford in the County of Surrey;

That there are about Six or Seven that receive Alms of the Parish.

That then the Counsel for the Petitioner excepted against Several polled for the Sitting Members, Twenty-three'in Number: But the Counsel for the Sitting Members undertook to prove their Rights.

That, for the Sitting Member, Mr. Weston, the Counsel insisted, That the Right of Election was only in the That the Question was, Whether the Right of Elections Freemen and Freeholders of the Town, paying Scotland of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town of Lot, and resiant in the same.

Guilford was only in the Freemen and Freeholders of the That, upon the Casting-up of the Poll, at first, Mr.

said Town, paying Scotland Lot, and resiant in the same; Onslow had 190, Mr. Weston 148, and Mr. Randyll 118: or, in general, whether they paid Scotland Lot, or not. But afterwards the Poll was scrutinied, and reduced thus: That it was agreed, on both Sides, that Foot Onslow Mr. Onslow had 143, Mr. Weston 105, Mr. Randyll 93: Esquire, was duly elected One of the Burgesses for the And delivered in the Poll taken by Order of the Mayor said Town. But And called

That the Counsel for the Petitioners insisted, That the Mr. Child, a Witness, said, Upon the Poll there is 190

Right of Election was in the Freemen and Freeholders of Guilford in general, though' they did not pay Scotland Lot: That several of them being denied to be

for Mr. Onslow, 148 for Mr. Weston, and 118 for Mr. Randyll: But, afterwards, there was a Scrutiny, and it was reduced: That Mr. Onslow had 143, Mr. Weston 105,

polled by the Mayor, some other proceeded in it; and Mr. Randyll 93: That several of the Persons in the List that, in the Whole, there was 188 for Mr. Randyll, and polled by Mr. Coldham, receive the Archbishop’s, Abbott's,

Benevolence, and none of them pay Scotland Lot; but several of them receive Alms: That some that have received that Benevolence have paid Scotland Lot; and sometimes voted on one Side, and sometimes on the other: That the Archbishop’s Money was given to maintain the Manufacture in the Town; and that! rade falling, *' ' ~ ‘ ’ That

Mr.

150 for Mr. Weston: And called Banbury, a Witness: Who delivered in Two Papers; which, he said, were Copies of Two Polls taken at the Election.

John Moore, for the Petitioner, said, He was a Freeman, and paid Scotland Lot; has lived Threescore and Thirteen Years at Guilford; and that, Forty-eight Years there is a Decree for it to be paid to poor People

25

Address respecting War with France.

I W. & M.

24° Apr

101

Air. Randyll was not presient at the Scrutiny; but the

Mayor offered that he might have Two, and, he said, he was advised not: But says, the Mayor made Proclamation at first. That he would exempt no Persons, but who did not pay Scotland Lot, for their Poverty; and that, upon Scrutiny, they that received Archbishop s Money

was not struck out, if they paid Scotland Lot. '

Another Witness testified, The Paper given in by Mr. CoUiham were most of them very poor Men, and some of them received Alms of the Parish.

Air. Child said, Most of the Men excepted against by the Petitioner, are Freemen, and pay Scotland Lot; and though some did not, they were not exempted for Poverty.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to Two Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and alterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same being read, are as follow;

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Town of Guilford in the County of , is

only in the Freemen and Freeholders of the said Town, paying Scotland Lot, resiant in the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Weston, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town of Guilford.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Town of Guilford in the County of Surrey, is only in the Freemen and Freeholders of the said Town, paying Scotland Lot, resiant in the same.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, That John Weston, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town of Guilford.

Sir Henry Goodrich reports from the Committee to whom the Address to his Majesty in Relation to a War against France was re-committed, That the Committee, having considered the Matter to them referred, had agreed upon an Address to be presented to his Majesty.: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was Once read throughout; and a Second time, Paragraph by Paragraph; and, after an Amendment made at the Table, the same was agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth:

To the King’s most Excellent Majesty.

The humble Address of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament Assembled.

WE, Your Majesty’s most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, most humbly lay before Your Majesty our earnest Desire, That Your Majesty will be pleased to take into Your most serious Consideration the destructive Methods taken, of late Years, by the French King, against the Trade, Quiet, and Interest of this Your Kingdom, and particularly, the present Invasion of the Kingdom of Ireland; and, supporting your Majesty’s rebellious Subjects there; not doubting in the least, but that, through Your Majesty’s Wisdom, the Alliances already made, with such as may hereafter be concluded on this Occasion, by Your Majesty, may be effectual to reduce the French King to such a Condition that it may not be in his Power hereafter to violate the Peace of Christendom, nor prejudice the Trade and Prosperity of this Your Majesty’s Kingdom.

To this End, we most humbly beseech Your Majesty to rest assured, upon this our solemn and hearty Promise and Engagement, That, when Your Majesty shall think Vol.2L

fit to enter into a War against the French King, we will give Your Majesty such Assistance in a Parliamentary Way, as may enable Your Majesty, under that Protection and Blessing God Almighty has ever afforded You, to support and go through with the same.

Resolved, That the Address be presented, by the whole House, to his Majesty.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do wait upon his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, when he will be , attended with the Address of this House, in relation to a War against France.

A Motion being made, That the House would take Marshal into Consideration the great Services done by Marshal Schombergh. Schombergh, to their Majesties and this Kingdom; and the great Losses he has sustained for the Protestant Religion;

Resolved, That this House will take that Motion into Consideration, when the Matter of the Revenue shall come under the Consideration of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Affaire of Atkyns and ..... Baron A 'mill; Scotland.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that there.have been divers Letters, which we have here, that have been transmitted from Scotland to the King, by Duke Hamilton: The Lords desire to let this House know, That they are considering what is to be done for the Security of this Kingdom; and when they are come to a Resolution, they will acquaint you; and, therefore, they desire you to sit Some of the Letters are Originals; some of them are but Copies; and the Reason why there are but Copies of some, is this; That the Originals are kept in Scotland, to be made use of against those to whom they are writ, who are in Custody: The Letters and Copies are placed in the same Method they came to the House of Lords; and as they were read there.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House w ill sit some time.

The Messengers were called for to come in, to be acquainted therewith; but they were gone.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House will sit, as is desired; and that they intended to have so acquainted their Messengers, had they not gone away.

Mr. Hamden,' One of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, acquaints the House, That he had the Method the Letters Should be read in; and also, that One of the Letters was from the Earl of to

Duke Hamilton, who had sent it to his Majesty; and that it was desired there might be no Reflection upon Duke Hamilton in relation thereunto, he having acted much for his Majesty’s Service.

The Letters were read, viz.

A Copy of a Letter from the Earl of to the

Earl of Perth, dated Dublyn, 29 M. 1G89.

A Copy of King^ James Letter to Viscount Dundee, dated Dublyn, 29 M. 1689.

A Copy of King James' Letter to the Earl of Balca-rasse, dated Dublyn Castle, 29 M. 1689.

A Letter from the Earl of Tyrconnell to Duke Hamilton, dated Dublyn Castle, 15 March 1689.

A Letter from the Earl of Tyrconnell to the Earl of Perth, dated Dublyn Castle, 15 March 1689.

‘King James' Letter, dated Dublyn, 29 March 1689.

King James' Letter, dated Dublyn, 29 March 1689.

A Bill for establishing the Articles presented to their Rights of the Majesties by the Lords and Commons, and for settling Subject, and the Crown, was read the Second time. the^Crown.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House on Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock: And that the House do then resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House thereupon, accordingly.

C gResolved,

Call of the House.

Lords desire a Conference.

Yarmouth

Haven.

Members

summoned.

Leave for Members to attend Lords.

Supply Bill;

collecting

Revenue.

Message delivered to Lords.

Disarming

Papists*

habeas

Corpus

Suspension.

ID2 24° Aprilis. . 1689

Resolved, That the Calling-over the House be adjourned, until Saturday Sevennight next.

A Message frond the Lords, by Mr. Justice Powell and Mr. Justice Gregory;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords desire a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the Bill of Oaths.

And, also, we are to acquaint this House, That the Lords have passed the Bill touching the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Debate arose in the House, in regard only a Conference was desired, after there had been a free Conference upon the same Matter.

Resolved, That the Answer to be given be, That this House will send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

The Messengers were called in: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go into Westminster Hall, and Court of Requests, to call the Members into the House.

Resolved ", That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, That the House hath received a Message from their Lordships, for a present Conference in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the Bill of Oaths: That they do not conceive it to be according to the Course of Parliaments, to have a Message for a Conference, after there hath been a free Conference upon the same Subject.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch and Sir JVm. Williams, have Leave to attend at the Bar of the House of Lords on Saturday next, as Counsel in a Cause between the Earl of Darby and the Earl Rivers.

Sir George Treby reports from the Committee to whom

the Bill for preventing Doubts and Questions touching the Revenue, was referred, That they had thought fit to make several Amendments thereto: Which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were read once throughout, and afterwards, one by one; and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be engrossed.

Mr. Hamden acquaints the House, That he had, according to their Order, been up at the Lords, and delivered their Message.

A Bill for the more speedy Convicting and Disarming of Papists, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added, for seizing the Horses of Papists, above the Value of Five Pounds; which was read Three times; and agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Convicting and Disarming of Papists.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. Goodrich do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Atkins, and Mr. Baron Ncvill;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords lately sent you down some Letters, they received from their Majesties; and desired that this House would sit; and they would enter into Consideration, how to secure the Peace of the Kingdom. In pursuance of that, They have sent you down a Bill, which is intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to apprehend and detain such Persons as they shall find just Cause to suspect are conspiring against the Government: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

1 Tire Bill Was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read the Third time.

1 6

The Bill was now read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Winchester do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House thereunto.

A Message ..... by Mr. Baron Ncvill, and Mr.

Justice Powell;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us, to desire a free Conference with this House, upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Resolved, That this House do agree to a free Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

The Messengers were called in again: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the Persons that managed the last free Conference do manage this free Conference.

Sir Geo. Treby reports from the free Conference with the Lords, That the Persons appointed to manage the same had attended the Lords: And that the free Conference was managed by the Earl of Kingston, and divers other Lords, who acquainted the Managers, That they departed from their Disagreement, and did agree to the Amendments of this House; with the Proviso following:

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it be left to the King, to allow such of the Clergy as shall refuse the Oaths prescribed by this Act, as he shall think fit, not exceeding the Number of Twelve, an Allowance out of their Ecclesiastical Benefices or Promotions, for their Subsistence, not exceeding a Third Part; and to continue during his Majesty’s Pleasure, and no longer:"

But that the Lords were acquainted, That such Proviso was contrary to all Course and Practice of Parliament.

The Proviso was Thrice read; and agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That Sir George Treby do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House to the Proviso.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to search Precedents touching Proceedings between the Two Houses in relation to Amendments of Bills.

And it is referred unto Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir 77(0. Lee, Mr. Hamden, Sir Hen. Good rick, Sir Rob. Colton, Sir Christopher Musgra Colonel Birch, Mr. Palmes, Mr. P. Foley, Mr. 7 Foley, Mr. Somers, Mr. Boscmcen, Sir Geo.Treby, Sir Sir JVm.

Williams, Mr. Garway; or any Three of them: And to make their Report to the House.

Sir Henry Capell acquaints the House, That, according to their Order, he, with others of the Privy Council, had waited upon his Majesty, to know when he would be attended by this House with their Address, in relation to a War against France: And that his Majesty was pleased to appoint Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

Resolved, That this House do Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made on Saturday last, for a Supply to be given for the Navy.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to render the Militia more effectual.

And it is referred to Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Christy, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Sir Hen, Goodrich, Sir Rob.Cotton, Lord Norris, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Gar away, Sir

Christopher Musgrave, Sir Wm.Williams, Sir Tho. Tayler,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Alford, Mr Mr. Cooke,

Sir Tho. Clarges, Colonel Birch, Mr. Key,

Mr Hunt, Sir John Knatchbull, Mr. Stockdale, Mr

Mr. Boscazvcn, Sir Edw.Harley, Colonel Norton, Si Guise, Mr. Palmes, S ix John Bancks, Mr^ Paul Foley, Mr.

Conference with Lords. — Oaths of Allegiance, See.

Precedents of Amendment* to Bills.

The King appoints to be attended.

Supply.

Committees.

Militia.

French

Piotebtants.

i W. & M. 24* — A103

Tho. Foley, Mr. Phil. Foley, Mr. Montague, Mr. Freke, Mr. Burrard, Mr. St. John; or any Three of them: And it is recommended to Mr. Sachexcrell, to take care of the Bill.

Mr. Hampden reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to consider of a Way to relieve the French Protestant Ministers, and such others as are uncapabile of maintaining themselves, otherwise than by Charity, who are fled out of France for their Religion, That the Committee having considered thereof accordingly, had found the Case to be,

That the French Ministers, and divers other Protestants of France, fled hither for Refuge, being summoned, appeared, and expressed a high sense of their Gratitude for the Generosity and Charity of this House, in taking their distressed Case into their Consideration; and, to shew how ready they are to manifest their Fidelity to the Government of this Nation, they represented, how the youngest and strongest of their Body were lately formed into Three Regiments, who were ready to lay down their Lives in Defence of the Protestant Religion, and the Liberties of England.

That there are near Twenty thousand more of them, who exercise their Trades in divers Parts of this Kingdom, without any Detriment, as they humbly hope, but rather to the Advantage, of the People of this Nation,: But that there still remains above Two thousand Persons; some of them old, others Infants, others sick and impotent; but all unable to provide for themselves; Divines, Physicians, Merchants, Gentry, common People, many of them heretofore rich and flourishing in their own Country, but now are reduced to the utmost Misery; and must infallibly perish and starve, unless assisted by this House, the Money of the Two late Collections made upon the Briefs obtained from the late King James, not being sufficient to last beyond the End of the next after which, they have nothing to trust to, but the Mercy of God, and the Piety and Compassion of this House.

The Committee examined the Management and Distribution of the Money raised by the Two said Collections; the First whereof amounted to about Fifty thousand Pounds; and the latter, to about Fifteen thousand Pounds: Which Two Sums have served them for about Three Years and an half.

The Committee, upon Examination, found the said Two Sums to have been faithfully employed for the Ends mentioned in the aforesaid Briefs; and all Parties concerned to be well satisfied.

That after this, the Committee proceeded to the Consideration of the present State of the said distressed French Protestants: And it appeared to them, That there are now to be provided for, about One hundred poor Ministers, and their Familes, amounting in all, to about Three hundred Persons; about a hundred Gentlemen, and their Families, amounting likewise to about Three hundred Persons; about Four hundred Physicians, Lawyers, Citizens, S;c. about Four hundred common People; Sixty sick Persons at the Pest House; about a Hundred Children at Nurse; and about Four hundred Persons in divers Places in the Gountry.

Upon Calculation of the yearly Sum requisite for the Support of these distressed People, they found, That a Revenue of Seventeen thousand Two hundred Pounds per Annum is necessary for the Support of the distressed French Protestants.

That the Committee proceeded to consider of a Fund that might be proper for the raising the said yearly Sum: Divers Things were propounded, as the renewing the Tax upon Coal; the laying One per Cent, upon all Merchandizes exported and imported, as has been formerly done for the Redemption of Captives; the Revenue that may be raised upon Hackney Coaches; Taxes to be laid upon Paper; the Wine Licence Office, Post Office, and others:-But, upon the whole Matter, the Committee, being desirous to find out -a Fund that might be most convenient, and least burdensome to the Publick; and might, at the same time, most certainly answer, the charitable Intentions of this House, and yield the aforesaid Sum, without Dif-Vol. X.

Acuity to the said distressed French Protestants; came to these Resolutions: W'hich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as follows:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Revenue of Seventeen thousand Two hundred Pounds per Annum is necessary for the Support of the distressed French Protestants.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the new Imposition upon Wine and Vinegar, which is to expire the Twentieth of July 1693, is a proper Fund for the Charging the said Sum of Seventeen thousand Two hundred Pounds per Annum.

A Message from the King, by Sir Thomas Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, the House went up to the House of Peers, to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That his Majesty had given his Royal Assent to the following Bills; viz.

An Act for impowering his Majesty to apprehend and detain such Persons as he shall find just Cause to suspect are conspiring against the Government.

An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths.

An Act for the amoving Papists, and reputed Papists, from the Cities of London and and Ten Miles

distant from the same.

An Act for the taking away the Revenue arising by Hearth-money.

An Act for the encouraging the Exportation of Com.

An Act for the explaining and making more effectual, ,a Statute made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, concerning the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth.

It oval Assent to Bills.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 25° die Aprilis; i° Willielmi etMarias.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Hawles have Leave to attend Leave for at the Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Member to Cause between Strode and Rodney. , attend Lordi

Ordered, That Mr. Bilson, and Mr. Brodrip, have Leave of Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Raleigh have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight from Monday next.

Bartholomew Van Homrigh took the Oaths, in order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Gwyn reports from the Committee to whom the Marches Bill for taking away the Court held before the President Court in and Council of the Marches of Wales was referred, That Wale*-, they had had several Petitions before them, some of . which were read; particularly those of the Officers of the Court: But that they found others of them not well obtained; and, therefore, they did not think fit to read them: And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee had agreed to the Bill, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of Anne Loadman, Widow; complaining of several Prosecutions of one William Willia, an Attorney, petition. inlVhitechapellCourt, John Malchor,&ndWilliam Bulstrode, Gentlemen, against her and her Husband, was read.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom it was referred the Fifth of Match last, to consider of the Grievances

relating

Supply.

Simoniacal

Promotions.

Committed.

Excite on Beer.

104 35® — 26° Ap1689.

relating to the’Charter of London, do examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The House then, according to their Order, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Motion made on Saturday last, for a Supply to be given for the Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had sat, and considered of the Motion for a Supply to be given for the Navy; and had come to several Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerks Table: Where the same being read, are as follow;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, out of the Public Revenue, for the Charge of the Civil Government, including therein what is to be allowed for her Royal Majesty the Queen Regnant, the Queen Dowager, the Prince and Princess of Denmark, and the Marshal Schombergh, there be allowed the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be given towards the Occasions and Service of the Navy, not exceeding the Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds.

the First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That, out of the publick Revenue, for the Charge of the Civil Government, including therein what is to be allowed her Royal Majesty the Queen Regnant, the Queen Dowager, the Prince and Princess of Denmarke, and the Marshal Schombergh, there be allowed the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds per Annum.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That a Supply be given towards the Occasions and Service of the Navy, not exceeding the Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds.

Mr. Hamden also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that the Committee may sit again Tomorrow Morning, to take further Consideration of the Supply of the Navy; and that they may then consider, how much of the publick Revenue shall be applied towards the Supply of the Navy.

Resolved, That this House do, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take further Consideration of the Supply for the Navy.

Resolyed, That the Committee do, in the first Place, consider how much of the publick Revenue shall be applied towards the Supply of the Navy.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Meredith;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed the Bill, that the Simoniacal Promotion of ohe Person may not prejudice another; with Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 26* die ApriHs; 1 Willielmi et Marne.

Prayers.

A PETITION from several of the common Brewers within the Cities, Towns, and Cinque Ports of the County of Kent; complaining of the Gaugers returning of

their Ale instead of Beer, to their great Damage; and praying to be relieved therein; was read.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the Matter of the Revenue shall come under the Consideration of the House.

A Petition of Merchants and Traders to from Duty ou

the Port of Bristoll; complaining of the Burden and Hard- lolj;iCCO' ship they lie under, by the Impost of Three-pence per Pound, in the Year 1685, laid on Tobacco imported; and praying to be eased from the same; was read.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the Matter of the Revenue shall come under the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Doyley have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for a Fortnight, for his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Orphans of

Relief for the Orphans of the City of London. London.

A Bill to make the Rivers of JVye and Lugg in the Wye, Ac. County of Hereford, navigable, was read a Second time. NavigaUuo.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Paul Foley,

Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Wogan, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Gzcyn,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Coningsby, Mr. EttrMr. Foley,

Sir Robert Saxcy er, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Edw. Lord

Falkland, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Colt, Sir Mr.

Tho. Foley, Sir John Knight, Sir Rich.Hart, Mr. Bromley,

Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Somers, Mr. ChriSir Christopher

Musgrave, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir JVm. Poultney, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Glocester, Hereford, and Monmouth: Aud they are to meet on Monday next, at Four of tire Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That the House drawer t* attended his Majesty Yesterday with their Address: And Address, that his Majesty was pleased to declare to this Effect:

That he took the same very kindly; and that he would send an Answer in Writing this Morning: Which Mr.

Speaker having received accordingly, he read the same; and is as followeth:

denceyou have in me; which I take very kindly, and shall endeavour, by all My Actions, to confirm you in it.

I assure you, that My own Ambition shall never be an Argument to incline Me to engage in a War that may expose the Nation either to Danger or Expence.

But in the present Case, I look upon the War so much already declared, in Effect, by France against England, that it is not so properly an Act of Choice, as an inevitable Necessity, in our Defence.

I shall only tell you, that, as I have ventured My Life, and all that is dear to Me, to rescue This Nation from what it suffered, I am ready still to do the same, in order to the preserving it from all its Enemies. And, as I do not doubt of such an Assistance from you, as shall be suitable to your Advice to Me, to declare War against a powerful Enemy; so you may rely upon Me, that no Part of That which you shall give for the carrying it on with Success, shall be diverted by Me to any other Use.

Ordered, That the Address, and his Majesty’s Answer, be printed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, which came down njgsejlter, from the Lords, intituled, An Act #; and the Toleration. Bill for the Ease and Indulgence of Protestant Dissenters; be read the Second time on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock; and nothing to intervene

A Bill

Supply Bill; Poll lax.

Annulling

Suiuey’s

Attainder.

Cook’s

LsUite.

Taxing

Shopkeepers.

London

Wilt.

Supply Bill;

collecting

Revenue.

Committees.

Supply.

i W. M. a 6° — i 7° Jprilis. \ o 5

A Bill for granting a Supply to their Majesties, by a Poll Bill, was read the Third time.

An Amendment being proposed to be made, between the Thirtieth and Thirty-first Lines, after the Word "Shillings," by inserting these Words, "to be paid by the Lender, notwithstanding any Agreement to the contrary;"

The same were Thrice read, and agreed unto by th6 House.

A Clause was offered, to be made Part of the Bill, as a Rider, That every one of Five hundred Pounds Estate shall pav as much as a Gentleman is rated at, in respect of his Title:

A Debate arose thereupon, Whether, in regard the same was to lay a new Tax, the same could be admitted, upon the Third Reading, after the Bill had passed the Committee of the whole House.

The Question being proposed. That the said Clause be read; ,

The Question was put, that That Question be now put;

And it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the reducing of Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir George Trcby do carry the Bill up to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Lacon Wm. Child;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint'this House, that they have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for annulling and making void, the Attainder of Alger noon Sidney, Esquire; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also, that they have passed the Bill, to enable Younger Cook, Esquire, to sell Lands to pay his Debts, and provide for his young Children; without any Alteration.

Supply for the Navy: And that the Committee do, the first Business, consider how much of the Publick Revenue shall be applied towards the Supply of the Navy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat i, 27° die Aprilis;

1® Willielmi el Maria;.

Praters.

ABIL L was brought in, for establishing a Court of Newcastle

Conscience in the Town of Ne upon 7ync. Ordered, That the same do lie upon the Table. Conscience.

Ordered, That the Bill for restoring Corporations be Restoring (

presented to the House on Alonday Morning next. Corpora- v

1 J ° tiona.

Mr. Somers reports from the Committee to whom, the Coventryea

Bill for Sale, or Leasing a House, late Mr. Secretary ^state-Cocentrye's, in Piccadilly, was referred, That the Committee had thought fit to make several Amendments thereunto i Which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Proviso was offered, to be made Part of the Bill; for the Saving of all other Person's Rights, except such ... were intended to be barred by the Act; and was Twice read; and agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrossetf.

Ordered, That the Report from the Grand Committee Armstrong'# of Grievances, touching the Matter of Sir Thomas - Judgment on strong, be made on Alonday Morning next. Outlawry.

A Motion being made, for taxing Shopkeepers, and others, having a clear personal Estate of Five hundred Pounds and upwards, as a Gentleman, in respect of his Title, is charged;

Resolved, That this House do, Tomorrow Morning, ' at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, trf consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a Writ, for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of London, in the room of Love, Esquire, deceased.

A Bill for the preventing Doubts -and Questions touching the Revenue, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill for the enabling Informations in the Exchequer touching Goods seized: Which was Thrice read; and agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, in the Two-and-twentieth Line, of these Words, " other than such as are or shall be incurred, at or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1689Which was Thrice read; and agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, so amended, do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing Doubts and Questions, concerning the Collecting the Public Revenue.

Ordered, That Sir Rich. Temple do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The Order, for the House to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to take further Conskferation of the Supply for the Navy, read.

Resolved, That this House do, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take further Consideration of the Vol. X.

Resolved, That this House do, upon Wednesday Mom- Rights of the ing next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Subject, and Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration 8"cc®fsion t(> the Bill for establishing the Articles presented by the 1 e rown' Lords and Commons to their Majesties, and for settling the Crown.

The House being informed, that there is, in Breach Privilege — of the Privilege of this House, a Paper, intituled, An Publication Address agreed upon by a Committee of this House, ?fProce€d" printed by one Richard Janeway, without any Order of ing*’ the House for the doing thereof;

Ordered, That the said Richard Janeway be summoned to attend this House on Alonday Morning next, at the Sitting of the House, to answer the Matter aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Deeds have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for a Fortnight. Absence.

The House then, according to the Order of Yesterday, Supply Bill; resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Poll Tax. sider of the Motion for taxing Shopkeepers, and others, having a clear personal Estate of Five hundred Pounds, and upwards, as a Gentleman, in respect of his Title, is charged.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr . Hamdentook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That, they having taken the said Motion into their Consideration, they had agreed upon a Resolve:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Motion be made to the House, to direct the bringing in a Bill, for the laying a Tax upon all Shopkeepers and Tradesmen, worth Five hundred Pounds, and upwards,

D d clear

Supply.

106

2j° Aprilis.

A. 1689.

clear personal Estate, at the Rate a Gentleman is charged in the Poll, in respect of his Title.

The said Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in, for the laying a Tax upon all Shopkeepers and Tradesmen, worth Five hundred Pounds, and upwards, clear personal Estate, at the Rate a Gentleman is charged in the Poll Bill, in respect of his Title.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare and bring in the said Bill.

A Motion being made, That Provision may be made in the same Bill for taxing the Inns of Court, and Inns of Chancery, to the former Poll Bill, by Commissioners to be appointed for them;

Resolved, That it be an Instruction, That a Clause be brought in, in the Bill so to be brought in, for that Purpose.

Also the Order of Yesterday for the House to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to take further Consideration of the Supply for the Navy; and, in the first Place, to consider how much of the Publick Revenue shall be applied towards the Supply for the Navy; was read.

Sir Robert Howard, according to the Order of *, delivered in several Accounts, of Charges upon the Revenue.

Ordered, That the same be referred to the Committee of the whole House.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, according to the Order before-mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had considered of the Accounts delivered in to the House by Sir Robert Howard; and what was charged upon the Government; and also, of how much of the Publick Revenue shall be applied towards the Supply of the Navy; and had agreed upon several Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth:

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Perpetuities, amounting to One thousand Four hundred and Thirty-one Pounds Twelve Shillings pa' Annum, are Part of the Charges of the Civil Government.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Eighteen Thousand Two hundred and Nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four-pence Halfpenny per Annum, to the Queen Dowager, be Part of the Charges of the Civil Government.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Thirteen thousand Eight hundred Pounds per Annum, for the Judges, Masters in Chancery, and Judges o i Wales, are Part of the Charges of the Civil Government

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Perpetuities'out of the Customs, #$c. (except the Hundred Pounds per Annum, to the Heirs of Colonel Fairfax) amounting to Three hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds per Annum, be Part of the Charges of the Civil Government.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Provision for the Prince and Princess of Den-

marke be Part of the Charge of the Civil Government.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, out of the Publick Revenue, shall be applied towards the Supply of the Navy, and Office of the Ordnance, with respect to the Navy.

The hirst of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Perpetuities, amounting to One thousand Four hundred and Thirty-one Pounds Twelve Shillings per Annum, are Part of the Charges of the Civil Government.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Sum of Eighteen thousand Two hundred and Nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four-pence Half-peny per Annum, to the Queen Dowager, be Part of the Charges of the Civil Government.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com -mittee, That the Sum of Thirteen thousand Eight hundred Pounds per Annum, for the Judges, Masters in Chancery, and Judges of Wales, are Part of the Charges of the Civil Government.

The Fourth'of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Perpetuities of the Customs, (except the/

Hundred Pounds per Annum, to Colonel amount-

ing to Three hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds per Annum, be Part of the Charges of the Civil Government.

The Fifth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Provision for the Prince and Princess of Denmark, be Part of tire Charge of the Civil Government.

Mr. Hamden also acquainted the House, That he was pension I directed by the Committee to move, That the Papers delivered in by Sir Robert Howard to the House, containing several Charges upon the Revenue, may be entered in the Journals of the House.

Ordered, That the said Papers be entered in the Journals accordingly; and are as followeth:

A List of the several Perpetuities and Pensions, during Life or Lives, and for Term of Years; which are payable at the Exchequer, Custom House, Excise Office, Post Office, #c.

Perpetuities paid at the Exchequer. per Annum.

Dean and Chapter of Litchfeild - - 10 — - —

Vicar of Litchfeild - - - - 15-----

For the Poor of St. Buttolph’s, Aldersgate 7 — - —

For the Poor of St. Magnus, London - 21 4 8

For the Poor of St. Michaell’s, Cornhill - 124 —

For the Poor of St. John Baptist, W’al-'l brooke - - - - -J

7 13 4

Winchester College 2-----

Master of St. Katharines - - - 3 J3 4

Eaton College - - - - 42-----

Schoolmaster of Southwell - - - 10-----

To the Vicar of St. Peters, in the Tower - 6134

Sir Edw. Tyrrell, and his Heirs - - 6-----

Emanuell College in Cambridge, for Main-1 g

tenance of Five poor Scholars -J 3 4

Cambridge University, for a Divinity Lec-1 g g

tore - - - - -J

Ditto, for a Preacher - - - - to-----

Ditto - - - -10 — —

Professor of the Civil Law there - - 40-----

Physick Reader there - - - - 40-----

Oxford University - - - - 10-----

Ditto, for a Divinity Lecture - - 1368

Professor of the Civil Law there - , - 40-----

Physick Reader there - - - - 40 — —

The Heirs of Sir Robert Long - - 5-----

Master of the Temple - - - -3768

Students of Grey’s Inn, for a Chaplain - 13 4

The Heirs of Sir John Cotton, for the! c 6 8

Maintenance of a Minister - -/®

The Heirs of the Lord Darcy - - 10-----

Ditto - - - - 10-----

Dean and Chapter of W estminster, for the'l

Minister of the French Church in the > 60-----

Savoy ----- -J

Governors of Christ’s Hospital, for the! . __

Maintenance of Thirty Boys - -J 0

Poor of St Martin’s in the Fields - - 100-----

Poor of St. Margaret’s, Westminster - 50-----

Hospital of King Charles the First, inj __________

Perpetuities

Westminster -

iW.tfM.

*7

Aprilis.

107

Perpetuities paid at the Exchequer*, per Annum.

Poor of St. James’ Parish, in Westminster Earl of Derby and others and theirl Heirs, towards the Maintenance of> poor Ministers in the Isle of Man J Bishop of Chester, for the Four Lan- cashire Preachers - - J

50-----

100

£00-----

Perpetuities

- £ 1,431 12 —

)47,328 13

10,000-----

18,209 15 . 4f

3.000 -

3.000 — —

3.000 — —

1,500-----

1,000-----

Pensions paid at the Exchequer. per Annum. Late Queen Con-1

sort’s Jointure out 18,000-----

of Excise Yost Office - * 19,328 13 7

Ditto, morcby Letters'

Patents during her Life, out of Exchequer in general -Queen Dowager, outl

of Excise, for Use}lcW2 *3 3 Ditto, more - 1,236 16 if

Ditto, more out of thel r i> ,; 6,000 — —

Revenue in general J

Duke of Grafton, out of Excise forl

Life -/

Duke of Northumberland, out of Ex-1

cise, the like - - - -/

Duke of Southampton, the like

Earl of Oxford, and hisCountess, during the Life of the longer Liver -J 2,000

Executors of the Duke of Bucks, fori

Tw enty-one Years from Lady Day > 2,500 —

1674 - - - -J

Earl of Ranelagh, for Twenty-onel Years from Midsummer 1674 -J Christopher Lord Hatton, for the samel time -J

lord Grandison and Colonel Villiers,l

for Ninety-nine Years, if the > 6,000 — — Duchess of Cleveland so Ions; live J Duchess of Portsmouth, from Christ-1

mas 1680, for Thirty-one Years, > 1,000 — - — out of First Fruits and Tenths -J William Earl of Bedford, and others, ini Trust for the Countess of Bristoll, I during her Life, out of Tenths -J Countess of Bristoll, for her own Life Countess of Portland, during Life Peregrine Bertie, & aT, in Trust for thA Countess of Plymouth, during her!

Life, viz. \

Out of Alienation Money 1,000l.I First Fruits, of Tenths 2,000/J Earl of Peterborough, for Service atl Tangier, during Life - - -J

Charles Toll, for the Remainder ofl Twenty-one Years from Lady Day

1680, out of Tenths - - -J

Earl and Countess of Litchfeild, untill Fourteen Thousand Pounds be paid > at one intire Payment - -J

Earl of Bath and Lord Hawley, fori Ninety-nine Years, if Frances Du- > chess of Richmond so long live -J Earl of Stafford, during Lite Earl of Bath, during life Earl of Mulgrave, the like -£ Duke of Newcastle, the like -Earl of Oxford, the like Earl of Lindsey, the like -

Earl of Dorset, the like Earl of Macklesfeild, the like Ditto more, the like -Lord Latiinore, the like Earl of Sussex, the like v Vol. X.

Pensions paid at Exchequer. per Armtmu Penaatt Li*t.

-a

i\

c

o

O

C2

1.000 — —

1.000 -

1,000 -

3,000-----

1,000 — —

1,000 -

1,200 -

1,000 -

2,000 -

5.000 -

1.000 -

1,000 -

1,000 — - —

1,000 -

1,000 -

1,000 -

1,000 -

1,000 -

1,000 -

-o

9)

cay

CJ)

as

c-

w

O'

CJD

c

Lord Godolphin, during Life * Bernard Greenvile, the like -Edw. Progers, the like Rob. Philipps, the like -, -

Thomas Felton, the like -

George Bridges, the like Thomas Neale, the like

Thomas Lee, the like -Thomas Windham, the like -Aubery Porter, during Life -c (John Prideaux, the like - -

§ Adulphus Sayer, the like - -

5/Robert Killegrew, the like oYThomas Poultney, the like -Thomas Felton, the like Sidney Godolphin, the like -Lelia Cranmer, during Life -Mary Crane, the like -Lady Frazier, the like -Mary Tuke, the like

"(Ann Shelden, the like -Winifred Windham, the like -

Henrietta de Borde, the like -

Joannah Thornhill, the like -Mary Carter, the like -

Mrs. Jane La^e, (now Lady Fisher)l during Life - - -J

Thomas Lane, the like Charles Gifford, the like Mrs. Rachel and Mrs. Frances'!

Windham, the like - -J

Nicholas Yeates, and the Heirs ofl his Body - - - -J

Francis Mansell’s, Executors fori Two Lives in Being - -J

Francis Reinold’s, during Life Tho. Whitgrave, the like Sir Tho. Windham, the like -John Rogers, and Anne his Wife,!

and their Heirs Male - -J

Robert Swan -

Cath.Gunter’sExecutors, forTwen-l ty-one Years, from Lady... 1688j Nico. Estall, during Life Nico, Titersell’s Executors, for the Residue of a Term of Ninety-nine Years, which commenced at Lady Day 1663; if Nico. Titer-' sell, Son of the said Nico. and Susan the Daughter, Should so long live - - - 1 -

Amias and Juliana Hext, duringl Life - - - - -/

Sir Wm. Killegrew, during Life Mrs. Mary Boynton, the like Somerset Fox, the like -Earl of Berks, the like > -

Mrs. Ann Lawson, the like Mrs

Anne Bird, the like Mrs. Mary and Sophia Nevill, eachl 50/. the like -< - -J

Lady Stepney, during Life Lady Joan Howard, during Life Dr. Gibbon, for Ninety-nine Years'!

from Michaelmas 1674 - -J

Lord Dunblaine, till his grant of thel Office of Auditor of the Receipt of -the Exchequer take Effect - -J

Wm. Levett, during Life -Lady Sophia Stuart, the like Lady Goditha Price, the like -Mrs. Eliz. Hamilton, the like - Ditto, for Ninety-nine Years; if James,"j George, or William, herSons, Should

AnnGoulding, the like

so long live

500-----

500-----

500 — — 500 — —

500-----

500-----

500-----

500-----

500-----

120 — —

120-----

120-----

120-----

120-----

120-----

120 — —

300-----

300-----

300-----

300-----

300 —

300-----

300-----

300-----

200-----

1,000 — —

500-----

300-----

400 — 1 — 100-----

200 — —

200 — —

200-----

600-----

ioo — —

80-----

ioo — —

50-----

100-----

ioo'-----

500-----

120 — - -

300-----

300-----‘

250-----

120-----

30-----

100 - — -

200-----

500-----

100-----

500-----

200-----

300-----

400-----

500-----

850-----

Lady

to8

Pension list. Pension* paid at the Exchequer.

Lady Fans haw 5 Executors, for Thirty-') one Yeatfi, from Lady Day 1665 J Sir Sami. Moreland, during Life Ditto more for his Son’s Life

Eliz. EHiott, during Life -Kath Elliott, the like -Lady Wentworth, the like The Seven Auditors of the Revenue,"1 besides theif old Salary, eddli 200l./ Mrs. Winifred Windham, during Life Barbara Strickland, the like Margaret Price, the like -Robert Bertie, during the Life of| Mary Cock -J

Lodowick Bray, during Life Mrs. Sophia Bulkly, the like Nath Castleton the like -Wm. Chifflnch, during Life Madam Charlotte Howard, the like Edward and Fran. Russel, for Ten!

Years, from Midsummer, 1687 -J Lady Fairbourne, Residue of 500l.I per Annum, unsurrendered - -j

Duke of Albemarle; until 7,000/, be! paid at One intire Payment, fori-the Purchase of Moote Park - J To the Duchess of Monmouth, her! Jointure - - - - -J

There is due upon this, since the Duke’s Death, for Three Years and Three Quarters, 15,000 /. Five several Pensions, mentioned under the Head of Non-payments of [> the Exchequer -

57* Apr

A< 1685).

Pef Annum.

600-----

600-----

200-----

500-----

200-----

600-----

1,400-----

200 -

2oo-----

200-----

40-----

40 -

300-----

20-----

200-----

500-----

600-----

200-----

300

4,000

1,252-----

To the Twelve Judges To the Masters in Chancery To the Judges of Wales -

Pensions - -

Perpetuities

Paid at the Exchequer

£*144,330 9 ii

12,000 — -

- 1,100 — —

- 700 — —

-158,130 9 ii

- 1,431 12

£ 159,562 1 H

There are other Salaries to several of the King’s Officers.

Perpetuities paid out of the Customs,&c. per Annum. To the Mayor and Aldermen of Hull,! for maintaining the Banks andiGates there, paid out of the Customs - j Mayor and Burgesses of Berwick, fori maintaining the Bridge there, out of I-Customs - - - - -J

Corporation of Lyme, for Maintenance"!

of the Cobb there - - -J

Bishop of Exeter, for the Minister of)

Lostwithiell, out of the Revenue of > tire Duchy of Cornwall - -J

Lostwithiell Gaol, out of the same -Corporation of Dartmouth, out of!

Customs - - - -J

To the Heirs of Colonel Fairfax for| ever, out of Customs - - -J

18 -

100 — —

100 — —

30 —

50 — 40 —

100-----

Perpetuities -

£ 438 -

Pensions not paid at the Exchequer. Prince and Princess of Denmark, for Life,

Out of Excise - - 15,000'

Letter Money - - 15,000

Ditto, by Privy Seakl. 2

during Pleasure J ’ Duke of Grafton, out of Excise, with Remainder over to his Brothers -

32,000

2,000 —

w

J!<

Pensions not paid at the Exchequer. Lawrence Hide, now Earl of Roches-' ter, for Thirteen Years, from Mi- chaelmas 1776 - Ditto, out of the Post-office Money for Ninety-nine Years; if he, the said Earl, or his eldest Son, the Lord Viscount Hyde, Should so long live Duchess of Cleveland, out of Letter-' money -

Earl of Bath, out of the Revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall Earl of Mulgrave, out of the Alum' farm, during Life Jane Berkly, during Life Lord Trenchvile, during Queenj^ Dowager’s Life - - -J

Sir Rob. Holmes, during Life Lady Mary Howard, for Nineteen^ Years from Midsummer 1672 J Edw. Progers, during the Life of^ the Lady Lucy Sandys - -J Sir Wm. Morrice, out of the Aliena- tien Office, during Life - -J

Chancellor of the Garter for the Poor| Knights of Windsor - - -J

\Joan Ellesden, out of Customs, for") Life -J

Anto. and Charles Ellesden, for the! Life of the longer Liver, out of j-fj Customs -J

SYAnne and Mary Ellesden, the like . Julian Conningsby, during Life, outj^ of Land Revenue - - -j

Elian. Withers and Joan Hatsworth,! the |ike - - -J

Rich. Grahme, for the Life of Sir Samuel Moreland; or, if he die sooner, to Midsummer 1692; out of Letter Money Sir Rich. Allibon, for the Life of James Corker of the Savoy; and, if he die sooner, to Midsummer 1692; out of ’ Letter Money -Tho. Doyley, in Lieu of his Place of En-‘ gineer of the Mint, out of Customs ’ Sir Peter Killegrew, out of the Duchy" of Comewall -

Major Fincher, a Coldstreamer, out of" Ditto, during Life - - -J

Major Johnson, a Cold streamer, out of^ the same, during Life - -J

Allowed to the Adventurers and Fisher- men of Great Yarmouth, upon the Duty of Excise, payable by them fori the Provision of Beer for the North? ' Sea, and Herring Fishery, under the Proviso of due Payment of the said Duty by them out of Excise Sir Tho. Clarges, out of the Twelve-j pence per Chaldron on Coals, in Fee / Earl of Kinnoule, during Life, out of) the Four and Half per . -J

Edw. Progers, out ofunwrought Wood,! for Twenty-one Years, from Christ- ! mas 1674 -J

Lady Villiers’ Executors, out of a Coin- age Duty, for Ten Years, from the > Ninth Day of August 1681 -J More of Post-fines, for Ten Years,! from Michaelmas 1683 - -J

5.000 -

4.000 -

4,700-----

3,000.-----

1.000 -

200-----.

152-----

500-----

200-----

o00-----,

300 -

570 -

100-----

100-----

100-----

200 -

100-----

250-----

250-----

100-----

300-----

80-----

60 -

160 — —

500-----

1,000 ——

8,000 -

600-----

500-----

Total of the Pensions notj -paid at the Exchequer

Paid

Petty Farms, &c.

W. & M.

4 7,

Paid at the Exchequer.

In Perpetuities - 1,431 12 —

In Pensions - - 1.58,130 9 ItJ

Payments not made in the Exchequer.

In Perpetuities - - 438-----1 -ft,

In Pensions - - 53,270 5 — J

Total of both - p. 213,270

1 i*

5 — ,

6 1

Petty Farms, and other particular Estates, granted of certain Parts of the Revenue.

T>ri~mtp and The PrlzaSe is an Hereditary Duty taken ft tbi<r of Wines, (to wit) One Tun, if their be Ten

U r ®1 e‘in a Ship, and Two, if there be above Twenty; imported by Strangers, or English, not exempted by Charter or special Prescription.

The Underage is Tw o Shillings per Tun, imported, by Strangers: Those Duties were demised by King the First, to Sir Thomas IValler, for a Term of Forty Years, which commenced after Lives which were then in Being, (in which Term of Years there are now to come, by Estimation, about Eleven Years) at the Relit of Five hundred Pounds Per Annum: And King Charles the Second, Anno 1673, grahted the Reversion of the said Duties, with the said Relit thereunto incident, to Trustees; for George Fitzroy, now Duke of Northumberland,

and the Ileirs Male of his Body; with Remainder over' to Henry Fitzroy, Earl of Ewston, now Duke of,

and the Heirs Male of his Body.

7r_ , King Charles the Second dertiised to John

n rf 7 u.Ce Lord Viscount Mordant, Sir Peyton,

Coals' °n anc* Jeremy Whitc the Twelve-pence,

per Chaldron which was formerly granted to the Crown for ever by the Host-men of Newcastle, for all Sea Coals carried from thence, Coast-wise, for the Term of Thirty-one Years, which Commenced from Christmas 1660, at the Relit of One thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence per Annum: And, in the Year 1675 his said late Majesty demised to Eliz. Viscountess Mordant, Fourpence, Part of the said Twelve-pence per Chaldron, for Thirty-one Years, in Reversion of the aforesaid Term, sit the Relit of Six hundred and Twelve Pounds, Seventeen Shillings and Six-pence per Annum: And, in the Year 1677, his said Majesty granted to Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Lovise Duchess of Portsmouth, the whole Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron, and the Rentsi reserved on both Leases; HabeiuT to the Duke and the Heirs of his Body; and, for Want of such Heirs, to the Duchess and the Ileirs of her Body; at Four Nobles per Annum Relit; saving to Sir Tho and his Heirs,

a Grant, which was before made to him in Fee, of Five hundred Pounds tier Annum out of this Duty. p . King Charles the Second demised to Horatio 00 S' Lord Tmonsend Four Shillings per Chaldron (Part

of the Duties on Coals exported to Foreign Parts) for Tw'enty-ohe Years, from Michaelmas 1667, at One thousand Pounds per Annum Relit; which Lease expired at Michaelmas last: But there was another Lease made' in February 1675, by King Charles the Second, to IVm: Ettcrick, Esquire, of this Duty, for Thirty-one Years from Michaelmas 1688, at the same Relit.

P ... , The Customs upon these were granted irr

pVf A h Lease by King Charles the Second, to the *° s es‘late’Earl of Kino for Thirty-One Years from Lady-day 1664, at Two hundred and Fofty Pounds,-per Annum Relit, which Relit was afterwards released: 'Fhe Lease became void by his late Majesty's Death; but King James the Second did, by' Privy Seal, direct the Duty to be collected by Officers to be appointed by the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, and to be paid to the Receiver General of the Customs; whp is first to pay the Charges of Management; in' the next place, to pay Nine hundred and Forty Pounds perAnniim to the Executors or Administrators of the Earl of Kinoule; and the rest to Thomas Brodrick and IVm. Jackson, Subfarmers, during the Residue of the said Term; whiclr Vol. X.

will end . at Lady-day 1695, unless, the Privy Seal be sooner determined,

j- JV This is Unhereditary Duty, and was demised 0 ' by King Charles the Second to the Earl of'

Rochester (supposed to be a Trustee for Mrs. Gwyii) for Twenty-one Years, from Michaelmas 1683, at Five Pounds per Annum Relit.

IVrits The Profits arising by sealing of Writs, $c.

‘ with the Seals of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, is granted to George Duke of Northumberland, and the Heirs Male of his.Body; with like Remainders in Tale to his Two Brothers. letter There is a Grant made ‘ by the late King James to one Ashenhurst, and othere, for the Use of the Royal Oak Lottery, at Two thousand Two hundred Pounds per Anhum; but it not being entered before me, I cannot inform when it expires.

A Particular of old Debts, standing out. before the Public Debts. Year 1671, upon Register kept on several Branches . of the Revenue.

On London Excise -

On Country Excise

On Additional Excise

On the Law Bill -

On Customs , - -

On Wines and Vinegar -

On. Fee Farm Rents

On Hearth Duty - ..* ... .-

Revenue of North and South Wales -

Recovery of Tin at Ostend

Four and a half per Cent. - -

Salt imported - -;

Since 1671, Second Disbanding Act,") for Principal, besides Interest due -/ Hereditary Excise, Tb the Creditors of the Goldsmiths, a yearly Charge of Seventy-nine thousand Five hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Fourteen. Shillings and Two-pence; upon which there is due for Six Years, at Lady-day -

Charges upon the Revenue.

£ J3>9i5 5*234 2,100

.5,385 74,800. 44,850 6 2,042. 110,50.0

4,426

750

5,47?

500

s.

19

19

d.

4

7

13 7 . 9, " i

6

5

2

8

9i

8£

1*

1

8 —

54,39° 4 4

>477,400 5 —

861,768 12

Mr. Tho. Fox, for the Security of his"!

Place of Receiver of the Customs,

by Tally . - - - - J.

Mr. Duncombe, for the same, on the) - -Excise - ... - - j 20-000

The City, on the Excise - , - 185,525

To Mr. Hornby, on the Excise - 5,000

To Mr. Hall, on the Hearth-money - 47,000

20,000-----

£ 277,525 — —

There 16 an Arrear to" the Army and)

Navy - -: - - j 300,000 -

There is also a yearly Charge of Seventy-nine thousand Five hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings and TwO-penc'e, for perpetual In- SaT/Aoo $ — terest to the Goldsmiths, and their (

AssighS; which is novt in Arrear at'

Lady-day next, for Six Years

Mr. Hamden also acquainted the House, That he was Ways and directed by the Committee to move," that they might sit Means-again on Monday next, to consider of a Way to raise the'

Seven hundred thousand Pounds for the Supply of the'

Navy.

Resolved, That this House do oh Mondcly Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a Wa'j to raise the Seven hundred thousand Pounds for the Supply of the Navy.

Resolved, That the Matter relating to the Heads fof Act of the Bill of Indemnity, be adjourned till Monday come lndauuutv. Sevennrght.

E e Resolved,

Committees.

Nassau's, &c. Nat.

Bailing and Escape of Brent.

IIO

270 — 29°

A. 1689.

Resolved, That this House do proceed de die in diem, until they have settled the Way for raising the Money for Supply of the Navy.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 29* die Aprilisi 1* Willielmi at Mari*.

P&ayeks.

A BILL for Naturalizing Henry de Nassau, and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Naturalization of Henry de Nassau, and others.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Cotton do carry the Bill up to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Mr. Cristyreports from the Committee, to whom the

whole Matter of Fact relating to the Bailing of Mr. Robert Brent was referred to be examined, and particularly to examine Sir James Smith touching the same, That the Committee oftentimes met, and examined divers Witnesses, and Sir James Smith himself, touching the Commitment and Bailing Mr. Brent: And That they find, That Mr. Brent was taken and imprisoned the Fourteenth Day of 1688, by

the said Sir James Smith's personal Assistance of Sir Wm.

Waller; and that the said Sir James Smith made his Mittimus, directed to the Keeper of the Poultry Compter, in these Words, viz.

" Receive into your Custody the Body of Robert Brent, Esquire, being a Roman Catholick, and charged before me with High Treason, for assisting and aiding, and abetting divers Romish Priests and Jesuits, in their several Treasons against the Laws of this Realm; and for conspiring the Subversion of the Protestant Religion in this Kingdom, and aiding the Pope’s Nuncio therein; and for endeavouring the Subversion of the Government by new modelling several Corporations of England: And himself safely kefep, until he shall from thence be discharged by due Course of Law: And for so doing, this shall be your Warrant Dated, and given under my Hand and Seal, this Fourteenth Day of January 1688.

That, the Twenty-fourth Day of January following, the said Sir James Smith, by his sole Authority, without the Privity or Concurrence of any other Justice of the Peace, took a Recognizance of the said Mr. Brent of Five hundred Pounds; and the like Recognizance of Arthur Shallett, Joseph Moor, Gilbert Whitehall and Richard Poole, for the Sum of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds apiece; conditioned, that the said Mr. Brent shall appear at the next Session of the Peace for London: And it appears, by the Testimony of WWalters, Servant to the said Mr. Brent, that, within Two Days after his being bailed, the said Mr. Brent conveyed away himself secretly beyond Sea, as his Servant saith he believes.

That in the Committee’s Examining the said Sir James Smith, they demanded of the said Sir James his

Reason, why he bailed the said Mr. Brent by his single Authority, when he stood committed under his own Hand and Seal for High Treason: He pretended the Advice of Sir Wm. Waller, from whom he alledged to have expected Witnesses against the said Mr. Brent.

And, -that he further preteuded the Advice of Sir George Treby, the then Recorder of London: But, upon the Examination of Sir Wm. Waller, he utterly denies any such Advice given; and the said Sir George Treby, being a Member of the Committee, in like Manner denied, that he advised, that the said Mr. Brent Should be, in that Matter, bailed.

That it further appeared, by the Examination of John Wright, Wm.Tindall, and Nicholas Piggot, and the said

*9

Sir Wm. Waller, that the Interposition and Messages of several Lords, in Behalf of the said Mr. Brent alledged by the said Sir James Smith, were only pretended; the same being denied by the said Witnesses.

That it further appears to the Committee, That several Applications were made by the said Mr. , and one Mr. Bazire, to the said Sir James Smith, for the Bailing the said Mr. Brent; and that the said Mr. Bazire, was the principal Transactor of the whole Matter, and agreed with him to accept of Bail for One thousand Pounds, for setting the 9aid Mr. Brent at Liberty; and that, by the said Mr, Bazire, the Four Persons aforesaid were procured in a few Hours, to be his Bail, and Notice given, that they Should all be bound for no more than One thousand Pounds.

And, it appearing to this Committee, That the said Mr,

Bazire was principally trusted by the said Mr. Brent, to treat with the said Sir James Smith about Bailing him; and that, if any secret Agfeeement was made about the same, the said Mr. Bazire was the chief or sole Agent therein;

That they sent several Summons for him; but could not procure him to appear to be examined, notwithstanding the y were informed that he was in Town, and at his Chambers in the Temple: And, upon Complaint thereof made to this House, a Warrant was issued under the Speaker’s Hand to bring him into Custody; but hitherto the Serjeant attending this House hath not been able to apprehend him: Ana the Committee is not informed of any other Witnesses of the Transactions with the said Sir James Smith, about the Bailing the said Mr. Brent.

Therefore they humbly submit these Matters of Fact to the Consideration of this honourable House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Annulling for the annulling, and making void, the Attainder of ^uainder Algcrtwon Sidney, Esquire, was read the First time. ‘ e ‘

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Wednesday next.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the County of Glou- Senvom* cester, and of the City and County of was read; Fishery,

shewing, That the Petitioners lie under great Grievance, by reason of a Clause in an Act of Parliament made in the Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Preservation of Fishing in the River;

whereby it is Enacted, That no Persons shall fish with Nets above Sixty Yards in Length, for the taking of Salmon, in any Part of the River below Gloucester Bridge; but that such Length is not sufficicent, by Reason of the Wideness of the Channel; so that the capital Fisheries in the River are wholly made useless for above Thirty Mile* together; the River being, in several Fisheries, above a Thousand Yards broad; and that by Reascn the long Nets are taken away, several Families are ruined: And praying Relief against such Grievances.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking away the Clause in the Act in the said Petition . complained of accordingly.

Ordered, That the Lord Downe have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Month. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. George Weld have Leave to go irtto the Country, for Three Weeks.

A Bill was brought in for Paving the Streets at West- Westminster minster, and other Places; and laid upon the Table. Paving.

A Bill for Relief of the Orphans of London was brought Orphans of in, and laid upon the Table. London.

Sir Joseph Tredenham reports from the Grand Com- Armstrong’s mittee of Grievances, That they had, according to the Judgmenfon Order of the House, taken into Consideration the Matter 0utla'vr.v-to them referred, relating to Sir Thomas Armstrong; and that, having summoned Sir Samuel Astry, the Clerk of the Crown, they attended with the Record of the Outlawry of Hill. 35 and 36 Car. II. by which it appeared, that

the

M arches Court m Wales.

w. & m.

29

hi

the Quint' exact' was Luntv, post sdnct. Andrea

Apostoli, 3r,° Car. II. 'I'hat the Award of the Execution was die Sabbati, prox. post Qttinden. 36*

Upon a Ni/iil dicit.

That Sir Samuel Astry, being examined, declared he was present at the Arraignment of Sir Thomas who being asked, why Execution Should not be awarded against him, said, That by the Statute of 5 and 6 Ed. VI. cap. 11, it is Enacted, that if the Party outlawed shall, within One Year next after the Outlawry pronounced, yield himself to the Chief Justice of England, for the Time being, and offer to traverse the Indictment, or appeal, that then he shall be received to the said Traverse: That he was answered by the Lord Chief Justice

Jeffexycs, that he could pretend to no Benefit, since he did not render himself to the Lord Chief Justice, as that Statute requires: And that the Court thereupon proceeded to award Judgment against him as a Traitor; and believes he was executed accordingly.

That Airs. Mathexves (Daughter of Sir Thomas Armstrong) being likewise examined said, She was in the Court of King's Bench when her Father, Sir was arraigned: That Sir Thomas Armstrong demanded to have the Statute of 5 and 6 Edw. VI. read; and it was refused: That he likewise demanded Counsel, and a Trial; but it was denied: And, he urging,' who was in the same Circumstances, had his Trial, that the Chief Justice said, they had enough against Holloway: To which Sir Thomas replied, That then they had not against him; and said, his Blood be upon him, meaning the Lord Chief Justice: Who said, " Let it, let it, I am Clamour-proof:" That she added, that her Father had Counsel in Newgate, and had Advice there from an un-

known Hand; and that he was very much loaded with Irons, and very ill used: That her Sister was struck by the Keeper of Newgate; and she herself committed by the Court of King's Bench, for crying out, when Sentence was given, That her Father was murdered.

And that the Committee had agreed upon several Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Award of Execution by the Court of King's Bench, against Sir Thomas Armstrong, in Term, in

the Thirty-sixth Year of King Charles the Second, was a high Violation of Justice, and against the express Law of the Land.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that a Bill be brought in to reverse the Attainder of Sir Thomas Armstrong.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Award of Execution, by the Court of King's Bench, against Sir Thomas Armstrong, in Trinity Term, in the Thirty-sixth Year of King Charles the Second, was a high Violation of Justice, and against the express Law of the Land.

It passed iii the Negative.

The House being informed, that Richard , Privilege-

according to the Order of Yesterday, attended at the Door, to answer the Alatter of the Breach of Privilege of feedings, this House, complained of, in printing a Paper, intituled,

An Address agreed upon at a Committee of the House, without any Order of the House for the doing thereof; he was called in to the Bar; and examined concerning the Alatter aforesaid: And thereupon owned, that he having a Copy thereof, carried the same to Ain l'razicr the Licenser, to be licensed, and entered it at Stationers Hall; and thereupon printed it: But refused to give any Account, from whom he had such Copy.

Ordered, That the said Richard Janeway be committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at'Anns, attending this House.

Resolved, That Air. Frazier the Licenser be summoned to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that there is a treasonable Privilege —; and scandalous Libel spread abroad, intituled, A Short History of the Cotrvention;or, New-christen;

One of which was delivered in, and read;

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly desired from this House, by such Alembers thereof as are of his,

Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, to propose a Reward to such Persons as shall discover the Author,

Printer, or Publisher of a treasonable and scandalous Libel, intituled, A Short History of the Convention; , New-

christen d Parliament.

Ordered, That the said printed Paper be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman Tomorrow, in the Palace Yard, at Temple Bar, and the Old Exchange.

The Second of the said Resolves being read & Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That a Bill be brought in to reverse the Attainder of Sir Thomas Armstrong.

A Bill For taking away the Court held before the President and Council of the Marches of Wales, was read the Third time

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for the taking away the Court holden before the President and Council of the Marches of Wales.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwyn do cany up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Alotion being made, I’hat aCommittee be appointed so consider the Case of the Patent Officers of that Court and report the same to the House;

The Question was put, That such a Committee be appointed: And

Vol. X.

A Afessage from the Lords, by Sir Cooke anti

Mr. Mcthxvyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Correspond-An Act making and declaring it to be Treason, to keep j?S w,th late any Intelligence or Correspondence with the late King ing ames* James the Second; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, they have passed the Bill, intituled, An Act for Supply Bill; the raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the iax* Reducing of Ireland; without any Alteration.

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

A Message from the Ixirds, by Sir Adam , and Supply Pill; Sir Robert Legard; collecting

Air. Speaker, the Lords have agreed to the Bill for Revenue‘ collecting the publick Revenue; with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly desired from this Rcmoving House, by such Members as are of his Majesty’s lhost Papists man honourable Privy Council, to issue out a Proclamation London, to command all Papists to depart from the Cities of London and/Vestminsier, and the Parts adjacent, according to the Act lately passed for that Purpose; upon Pain of being committed, as Persons suspected to be conspiring \

against the Government.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill sent up to them, for the more speedy and effectual convicting and disarming of Papists.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the w whole House, to consider of a Way to raise the Seven Meuus. hundred thousand Pounds, for the Supply of the Navy.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

Mi

30* Aprilis. A. 16891

Mortis, - 30* <Ke Aprilis 1* Willielmi et Mari®;

IPraYehs.

Coventrye’» A BILL for the Sale, or Leasing a Hotise in Picca-

Estate. 2\. dilly, late Mr. Secretary Covent ryes, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Sale, or Leasing a Capital Messuage, late Henry Cevcntrye's, Esquire, in Piccadilly.

Ordered, That Mr. Newport do carry the Bill up to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

Hackney Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for

Coaches. the Reviving the Statute for Licensing Hackney Coaches is referred, do consider of the several Petitions of Thomas ..... Johnson, John Paine, Edward Buies, Nick. Marsh, and

William Atkins, on the Behalf of themselves and others, in all, One hundred Coachmen; and of Henry Hutchins, Richard Brawne, Wm.Brozcn WWallfm'd,

On Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Fqur hundred Coachmen; and of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Southwarke, being Scavengers of the respective Parishes belonging; and a Petition of the Inhabitants of Fleetstreet and the Strand, near and about Temple Barr; and the Inhabitants of King-street, Westminster; and examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions, to the House.

intituled, The Address agrted upon at a Committee of the House: But declared he did it out of his Zeal against Prance, and Ignorance of the Privileges of this House:

And begged the Pardon of the House for the same.

And beingwithdrawn;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Frazier, upon such his Submission, be discharged.

Resolved \That his Majesty be humbly addressed unto, AdJfess for That his Majesty will be pleased to give directions to the ail'hua. Lords Lieutenants, to put the Militia of the several Counties of this Kingdom into Order; and especially, those of London and Middlesex, and the Counties that lie upon the

Sea Coasts; And that his Majesty will please to appoint some small Vessels to lie upon the Sea Coasts, to guard the Coasts of this Kingdom, alid the Coal Trade.

Ordered, That the Members' of this House, who are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, wait upon his Majesty with the Desires of this House.

Ordered, That Sir Chrislojther Mu Mr. Camay, Militia, and Mr. Summers, be joined with Mr. in

taking care of the Bill for rendering the Militia more effectual.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Sir Privilege. — 'Robert Holmes had quartered Soldiers upon Sir Robert. Quartering Dillington, a Member of the House, in Breach of the Sul<her!>' Privileges of the House;

And the House being informed, that Sir Robert Holmes. was out of Town, but would be in Town in a few Days; the Matter was respited.

Restoring A Bill for restoring Corporations was read the First

Corporations. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday next.

Oxford and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Cambridge Confirmation of the Charters and Privileges of the mversiues. Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and the several Colleges there.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Paten have Leave to go into the Absence. Country, for a Month.

Ordered, That all Members that come to the Com- Wye, fa. mittee, to whom the Bill for making the Rivers of Wyd Navigation, and Lugg in the Counties of Gloucester, navigable, is referred, have Voices.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Correspond-Lords, intituled, An Act, declaring and making it to be Treason, to keep any intelligence, or maintain any Cor-, respondence, with the late King James the Second, be now read.

The Bill was read the First timet ’

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Supply Bill; The House then took into Consideration the Amend-collecting ments of the Lords, to the Bill for collecting the publick

cvenue. Revenue: And the same being read, are as follow:

' Press 3,1. 1, instead of " last past," read " One thou-. sand Six hundred Eighty-nine."

The same were read the Second and Third time; and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Sommers do go to the Lords, and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House to the said Amendments.

Privilege — Libellous

Words,

Sir Ralph Dutton, a Member of this House, informing the House, That one William Flathers had spoke dangerous and treasonable Words against their present Majesties and the Government; and that the said Wm. was

at the Door in the Custody of an Officer.

And being called in; and examined touching the same;

And after he was withdrawn;

Ordered, That the said IVm. Flathers be committed Prisoner to the Gate-house, at Westminster: And that Sir Ralph Dutton acquaint the Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench with the Informations made against the said William Flathers; that he may be proceeded against according to Law.

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Dutton have the Thanks of the House, for causing the said Flathers to be taken into Custody.

Privilege — Publication of Proceeding*,

The House being acquainted, that Mr. Frazier, according to the Order of Yesterday, attended at the Door; he was called in; and owned the Licensing of the Paper,

The House then, according to the Order of Saturday Ways and last, for proceeding de die in diem, for settling the Way of Means, raising Monies for the Supply of the Navy, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, for settling the same.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That, they having taken into Consideration the Way to raise the Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds for the Supply of the Navy, they had agreed upon several Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Raising of the Seven hundred thousand Pounds for Supply of the Navy, a Tax be laid upon all Ground Rents for new Buildings, upon new Foundations, within the Bills of Mortality, since the Twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year 16G0; except such as are within the Walls of the City of London,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Provision be made in any Bill for that Purpose, against the Increase of new Building.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Raising of the Seven hundred thousand Pounds for the Supply of the Navy, an additional Duty of Excise be laid upton Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, except Coffee, Chocolate, and Tea; and except.Strong Water, or Aqua Vitee, made and sold; and also, except Low Wines, of the first Extraction) for Three Years, to commence

Ways and Means.

i W. & M. 3O0 Aprilis. — i0 Mali. 113

commence from the Twenty-fourth Day of 1689, according to the Rates in the Act of 29 Car. II. intituled, An additional Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree, That, towards the Raising of the seven hundred thousand Pounds for Supply of the Navy, a Tax be laid upon all Ground Rents for new Buildings upon new Foundations, within the Bills of Mortality, since the Twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year 1660; except such as are within the Walls of the City of London.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Provisions be made in any Bill for that Purpose, against the Increase of new Building.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That, towards the Raising of the Seven hundred thousand Pounds for the Supply of the Navy, an additional Duty of Excise be laid upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, (except Coffee, Chocolate, and Tea; and except Strong-water, or Aqua Vita, made and sold; and also, except Low Wines of the first Extraction) for Three Years, to commence from the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1689, according to the Rates in the Act of 29 Car. the Second, intituled, An Additional Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

Mr. Hamden also acquaints the House, That he had Direction from the Committee to move, that a Bill may be brought in, for applying to the publick Use all such pecuniary Forfeitures as have been incurred by any Person or Persons, for accepting and exercising any Offices or Employments, contrary to the Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants; and that such Persons as have so acted may not be employed for the future.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in for applying to the publick Use all such pecuniary Forfeitures as have been incurred by any Person or Persons, for accepting and exercising any Offices or Employments, contrary to the Act of the Twenty-fifth Yeefr of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants; and that such Persons as have so acted may not be employed for the future.

Resolved, That Mr. Attorney and Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Brewer, do prepare and bring in a Bill accordingly: And that it be Instructions to them, That they do take Notice of all Informations now depending: And that the Estates of the Persons liable to such Forfeitures be made subject to the said Forfeitures.

Resolved, That Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. JVogan do prepare and bring in a Bill for laying the Tax upon Ground Rents, as aforesaid.

Resolved, That Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Colonel Birch, do prepare and bring in a Bill for laying the additional Duty of Excise.

Mr. Hamden also acquaints the House, That he had Directions from the Committee to move, that, towards the raising the seven hundred thousand Pounds for Supply of the Navy, a Committee may be appointed to receive Proposals for raising Money upon the Security of Lands forfeitable in Ireland, for the present Rebellion.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to receive Proposals for raising Money upon the Security of Lands forfeitable in Ireland, for the present Rebellion.

And it is referred unto Mr. Sir Jos. Tredenham,

Mr. Garway, Mr. Harbort, Mr. Done, Sir John Knight,

Mr. Bickerstqffc, Mr. Hamden sen. Mr. Paul Foley, Sir

Philip Skippon, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Grey, Mr. Phil. Fo-

ley, Mr. Colt, Lord Fitzharding, Sir John Mr. Hamden jun. Mr. Palmes, Mr. Mr. Russell, Sir John Wyn, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Rob.

Clayton, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr.

Vo L. X.

Burrard, Mr. Somers, Sir H. , Sir Ft. Ashursl, Mr. Jepson, Sir JVm. Honytcood, Sir Tho. Barnadiston,

Sir William Williams, Sir Hen. Gqffe, Sir Tho. Darcye, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Wyn, Mr. Grey, Mr. H. Herbert: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Thursday next, in the Duchy Chamber, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1# die Maii; i* Willielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

f\RDER ED, That Sir Robert Sawyer have Leave to Leave for a attend at the Bar of the House of Lords in a Cause Men>k*r l° between the Earl of Macklesfeild and Jolliffe. alten r s'

A Bill for assuring the Manor of Silton, alias Silving- Sol ley’s ton, to Mr. Solley, was read the First Time. Estate.

Ordered, That Sir John Brmonlow have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir William Stevens have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

l

A Petition of the Cordwainers was read; setting forth, Exporting That, about Four Years since, a Bill was brought, and Leather, passed, for the Exportation of Leather for seven Years; and then was sent up to the Lords, who also passed the same but for Three Years, for Experience only; and that That Statute being near expired, another Bill is brought to revive the same: The Effects whereof having -proved grievous in all Corporations; and praying that the said Bill may be thrown out of the House; or, that the Petitioners might have Liberty to attend the House, to give their Reasons against the same.

A Petition of the Shoemakers and Manufacturers of Ditto, Leather of the Borough of Southwarke was read; setting forth, That the late Act for Exportation of Leather, having proved very prejudicial to the publick Weal, but advantageous to the Prench King and his Merchants; and to the Loss of their Majesties Revenue above Two thousand Pounds per Annum from the Port of London; and praying to be heard, to make out the said Prejudice that will happen by renewing the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table, to be considered when the Report is made from the Committee to whom the Bill for Exportation of Leather is referred.

Mr. Gwyn reports from the Committee to whom it Prideaux’s was referred to examine the Matter of the Petition of Claim on Edmund Prideaux, Esquire, and state the same to the Lord',tffreya*

House, That the Committee had examined the same accordingly; and, according to the several Paragraphs of the Petition, had directed him to state the Evidence given to the Committee in relation thereunto: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

1. "That the Petitioner, being peacably at his own House at Ford Abby in Devonshire, was, on the Nineteenth Day of June 1685, seized by one of his late Majesty’s Messengers, upon a Warrant signed by the Earl of Sunderland, for Suspicion of Treason; and brought in Custody from thence to the Messenger’s House in

don j where he continued a Prisoner till the Fourteenth Day of July following; at which time he was discharged by Habeas Corpus, giving Security to appear the First Day of the next Term."

Evidence: — The original Warrant, for seizing Mr.

Prideaux, was as follows:

F f Robert,

Prideaux'* Claim on Lord Jeffrey*.

114 i° MaiA. 1609.

Robert, Earl of Sunderland Baron Spencer of Worm-leighton, One of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy

Council, and Principal Secretary of State.

THESE are, in his Majesty’s Name, to authorize and require you, taking to your Assistance a Constable, to make strict and diligent Search for Edmund Prideaux of Ford, in Devon, Esquire; and him having found, you are to apprehend and seize, and bring him in safe Custody before me, to answer to such Matters as shall be objected against him, concerning certain treasonable and dangerous Practices, whereof he is suspected, and to be further dealt with according to Law: In the due Execution whereof, all Justices of the Peace, Constables, and other His Majesty's Officers, Civil and Military, and loving Subjects whom it may concern, are to be assisting to you, as there may be occasion: For which this shall be your Warrant. Given at the Court at Whitehall, the Thirteenth Day of June 1685. f

To Thomas Sayioell, One of the

Messengers of his Majesty's SuNDERJLAN D.

Chamber in Ordinary.

Which Warrant was delivered by the Messen-

ger, that took him: Who saith, That he found Mr. Prideaux at Ford Abby; and that, as soon as he shewed the Warrant, he offered himself freely to go with him, without any manner of Resistance: That there was no body with him at his House but his own Family.

The Warrant was dated the 13th Day of June at Whitehall: The Duke of Monmouth landed the 11th at Lyme, which was but Two Days before the Warrant; as per Gazzette, N° 2,042, from Thursday, June 11, to

Monday, June 15th, 1685.

" Whitehall, June 13.

" This Morning His Majesty received an Account, by an Express from the Mayor of Lyme, That, on Thursday last, there appeared Three Ships off that Place; and, that, about Seven in the Evening the Duke of Monmouth landed with about One hundred and Fifty Men; and entering the said Town, possessed himself of the same, sending some of his traiterous Complices into the neighbouring Counties, to incite the People to an open Rebellion against his Majesty."

2. " That the Petitioner, during his said Imprisonment, several times desired to be examined before the Council, that he might know his Accusers, or his Crime; but could never be admitted thereunto, or procure any Information therein."

Mr. Sayxcell, the Messenger, saith, That Mr. Prideaux

desired him, while he was in his Custody, to go to the Earl of Sunderland, who signed the Warrant of his Commitment, to procure he might be examined: And that he went, according to Iris desire, several times: That the Earl of Sunderland answ ered him, he would acquaint the King the rewith: But that Mr. Prideaux was never examined while he was in his Custody: And that he brought an Habeas Corpus, and was bailed out on the 14th of July. Memoratulum. The Duke of Monmouth Was beheaded the 15th July.

Mr. Edmund Prideaux saith, his Cousin Prideaux was in SaywelTs Custody till he was bailed out on the 13th or 14th of July: That, during the Time of his Confinement there, he several times desired to be examined, but could never procure it: He was Bailed for him in the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds; one Mr. Craig in the like Sum; and himself in Five thousand Pounds, for his Appearance the First Day of the Term.

Mrs. Prideaux saith, That, during her Husband’s Confinement in the Toner, on his Second Commitment, she petitioned the late King, that he might be examined, in order to be bailed; but she had no Answer to it, nor was her Husband ever examined.

Mrs. Slater saith, She was present, when Mrs. Prideaux

petitioned the late King; and remembers the Contents of the Petition was, That her Husband might be examined, in order to be bailed; but that he never was examined upon it.

3. " That the Petitioner continuing in London, in order to his Appearance, was, on the 14th Day of

September following, again seized by a Warrant from the Earl of Sunderland, and committed close Prisoner to the Tower for High Treason, where no Person was suffered to see him for several Weeks: And the Petitioner’s Wife at length, with great Difficulty, w-as permitted; but under the Condition of being made a close Prisoner with him; which she underwent for some time; till, by reason of her Indisposition, she prevailed to be released.

For the time of Mr. Prideaux' Second Commitment, the Warrant directed to Evans the Messenger, is as follow’eth:

Robert, Earl of Sunderland, Baron Spencer of

leighton, One of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy

Council, and principal Secretary of State.

THESE are, in his Majesty's Name, to authorize and require you, taking to your Assistance a Constable, to make strict and diligent Search for Edmund Prideaux of Ford in the County of Devon, Esquire; and him having found, you are to apprehend and seize for High Treason, in levying War against the King; and to carry him in safe Custody to the Tower of London, and there deliver him to the Lieutenant thereof; together with the Warrant herewith given you: In the due Execution whereof all Justices of the Peace, Constables, and other of His Majesty’s Officers, Civil and Military, and loving Subjects, whom it may concern, are to be assisting to you, as there may be Occasion: For which this shall be your Warrant. Given at the Court at Windsor, the Thirteenth Day of September 1685.

To Hen'y Evans, One of the

Messenger* of his Majest/s SUNDERLAND.

Chamber ii. Ordinary.

Mrs. Prideaux saith, That the Second Part of her Petition, which she mentioned, was by reason of her Husband's Indisposition in the Tower, she might be permitted to go to him, he having had no Person but his Servant with him since his Confinement: That she had Leave given her with great Difficulty, and with Condition in her Order, that she Should be confined with him a close Prisoner; which she accepted of rather than not to see her Husband, who was at that time very ill of the Gout: But after her going to the T<neer, by the Kindness of the Lieutenant of the Timer, Mr. she was

permitted to lie at her own House the Three Nights she had Liberty to see him; but she was, on the Fourth Day, denied to see him any more on that Order.

Mrs. Slaughter saith the same; and that no Person was permitted to see him, but Mrs. Prideaux, and herself who went with her.

4. " That, in the Time the Petitioner was a Prisoner in the Tower, a general Inquiry was made by the Agents of the Lord Jeffreys, amongst all the Prisoners and condemned Persons in the West, for an Accusation against the Petitioner; and some with Threats, and others with Promises of Life, endeavoured to be procured to be his Accusers,; particularly Mr. Ch as he declared

before his Execution, was proffered his Life, he

would swear against the Petitioner."

Mr. William Thomson of London, Haberdasher, informs the Committee, That when he came out of the West, which was in August 1685, one James Johnson, who he had employed about compounding his Debts with his Creditors, offered the Informant # , and Five hundred Pounds, if he would swear, that Mr. Prideaux had sent the Duke of Monmouth Five hundred Pounds.

Joseph Standeru'ick, Serge-maker, of in the County of Somcrsett, informs the Committee, That his Brother having treated with Mr. Clerke for his Pardon, for being m Arms with the Duke of Monmouth, received a Letter from the said Giles Clerke, that this Informant Should forthwith come to Tow n: That, accordingly he came to Mr. Clerke's Chamber, where met him Mr. Burton, and Kyles a Messenger, who took him into Custody; and Mr. Burton acquainted him, that one Samuel Laver, at Hminster, had given new Information against him, to prevent his Pardon: He then pressed to know whether he was at Mr. s House; and

22 told

i W* Qf M. i° Mai{. i j 5

told him, if he would not testify the Word* that other* had testified, that Mr. Prideau had sent Money and Horses to the Duke of Monmouth, he Should receive no Favour: That Mr. Burton was several times with him, whilst he was in the Messenger’s Custody, upon this Account: That Sir Roger LEstr afterwards sent for him, and told him, He was sorry Mr. Burton had used such Methods; and told him, He Should not be examined by him again: But Sir Roger asked him the same Questions concerning Mr. Prideaux.

Mi\ Clerke saith, That, being employed by John -

derwick, to procure a Pardon lor his Brother , he was told by Mr. Burton, That there was new Information

given against him, and a Messenger going to to

take him into Custody: To prevent which, he did send a Letter for Mr. Joseph to come to Town: That thereupon he came to his Chamber; where Mr. , and

Bytes the Messenger, met him; but he was not present at any Examination of Mr. Standcrziick: Who likewise saith, He did not see Mr. Clerke, after the first time of his coming to the Chamber.

Mr. Samuell Key, of Ilminste, , Clothier, informs the

Committee, That he was in the Duke of Monmouth's Army, and in that Party that went to Mr. s House

to search for Horses and Arms: That, after that, he went to London to procure his Pardon; and applied himself to Sir Roger L'Estrange; who solicited the Lord Chancellor for the same, and brought this Informant, on the 27th of November 1685, 1° die Lord Chancellor’s House; who told him; if he would get Bail, he Should be put in the Circuit Pardon: That this Informant thereupon went into the Country to his House; and, some time after, he received a Letter from Mr. Giles by Order for the Lord Chancellor, to come to Town; which he accordingly did, and went to Mr. Clerke; who asked him, If Mr. Prideaux was concerned with the Duke of Monmouth: And this Informant Answering, He knew nothing of it, he was, in some little time after, sent for again, by Mr. Clerke, into Lincolnes Inn Fields, to Mr. Jennins House, where was present Mr. Parry, and Mr. and they sent

for Mr. Burton, and asked him, If Mr. Prideaux did not drink the Duke of Monmouth's Health, when he was at his House, with that Party: Which he denying, Mr. Burton shewed him aPaper against himself; and told him,

If he would swear, against Mr. Prideaux, that he sent Money and Horses to the Duke of Monmouth, the King would be kind to him; and told him, iD Gratitude he ought to declare his knowledge: But the Informant affirming he knew nothing of it, Mr. Burton told him, That would not do; and bid him meet him again the next Wednesday: That he was that Day taken into Custody by a Messenger; and, in a little time after, meeting Mr. Clerke, he told him he could tell him ill News, That my Lord Chancellor had ordered his Name to be excepted in the General Pardon,

Mr. Clerke saith to this, That he believes the Letters to call Mr. Key out of the Country might mention the Lord Chancellor’s Order: If it did, it was by Mr. Burton's Directions. He says, There was Information against Key, That he was present when Mullock drunk the Duke of Monmouth's Health at Mr. Prideaux' House: That Mr. Harcourt had a Letter from my Lord Chancellor’s House in the Country, That the Lad Chancellor would not pass the Pardon, till he came to Town; upon which he told Key the ill News mentioned.

James Butcher, near Crookhorne, in the County of 80-mersett, saith, That, being a Prisoner at llmimter, upon the Account of being in Arms with the Duke of mouth, he received a Letter from his Son AbrahamButcher, who was soliciting his Pardon in London, That if he would swear against Mr. Pridemi v especially, and others, he Should receive Favour; otherwise, be hanged: That, after that, one came to the Red Lion at Ilcesler, and sent for the Informant thither out of Prison; and told him, He came from London; and had brought a Token of Five Shillings to him to drink; from one in London; and, in further Discourse, he tedd him, He Should have Five hundred Pounds, if he would swear Mr. was concerned with the Duke of Monmouth in the West: But this Vol. X.

Informant doth not know who the said: Person was, he Pridewm'* refusing to tell him his Name. Claim oh

,5. " That after all these Endeavours, your Petitioner LordJeffrey* could never, to this Day, find he had any thing sworn against him; there not having been so much as Mention of an Oath made in his Warrant of Commitment."

The original Warrant to the Messenger Evans, as before.

The original Warrant, to the Lieutenant of the Tozcer, is as follows:

Robert Earl of Sunderland, Baron Spencer of Worm-

leighton, One of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy

Council, and principal Secretary of State.

THESE are, in His Majesty’s Name, to authorize and require you to take into your Custody, the Body of Edmund Prideaux, of Ford, in the County of Devon,

Esquire, herewith sent you, for High Treason in levying War against the King, Keep him safe and close, till he be dicharged by due Course of Law: For which This shall be your Warrant Given at the Court at Windsor, the 13th Day of September, 1685.

SuNDEItLAND.

To the Lieutenant of the

Tower of London.

6. " That the Petitioner, though he very well knew his own Innocency, yet being inforhied of the Threats daily used by the Lord Jeffreyes; and that he frequently said,

He would hang him; and hearing of the Practice of bi*

Agents in the West to suborn Witnesses; endeavoured to make Application to the late King James the Second, by Two several Persons of Quality, for his Majesty’s Par- ' don: But was answered, after a Fortnight’s Expectation, by them both, at several times, That they could not do the Petitioner any Good; the King having given him to the Lord Chancellor.

To the first Part of this Paragraph the W itnesses to the former have spoke.

Mrs. Prideaux saith, That, hearing these Matters, she spoke to Sir Eustace, to try what the Earl of netl could do with the late King for her Husband’s Pardon; but, after about a Fortnight’s Expectation, Sir Maurice returned Answer, That the Earl of Tyrconnell could do no Good; for the King had given Mr. Pridefiux to the Lord Chancellor.

The Lady Looker saith, Thereupon she desired Mr.

Bulstrode, One of the Gentlemen Ushers at Whitehall, to use his Interest, with some Persons of Credit about the late King, to procure a Pardon for her Brother Mr. Prideaux: And, after Ten Days or a Fortnight’s Expectation, he returned Answer, That he had spoken with a considerable Man, who had endeavoured, but found he could do Mr. Pridcauv no Good in it; the King having given him to the Lord Chancellor.

Mr. Rulstrode confirms what the Lady Looker said: And adds, That, after he had applied to the first Person of Quality for Mr. Prideaux, he w ent to the Lord Sunderland, and spoke to him in his Behalf; who told him, the King had given him to the Lord Chancellor: And he remembers the Lord Sunderland shewed him some Papers; which, he told him, were Accusations against Mr. Pri-deaux; but there appeared nothing to him in the Papers of any Oath made. That, after he had acquainted the Lady Looker with the Answer he received, he went himself to the I,ord Chancellor Jeffereyes, spoke to him in Mr. prideaux' Behalf; and, amongst other Discourses, he told the Lord Chancellor, he believed Seven thousand Pounds would be given for his Pardon: To which his Lordship answered, If he had any respect for the King, he would not speak for so vile a Person, who deserved to be hanged.

7. " That your Petitioner's Wife, meeting these Informations from all Hands, procured Leave, although with much greater Difficulty than before, to see your Petitioner again in the Lozi er: And there acquainting him with the Condition of his Affairs, a Resolution was taken, to apply to the Lord Chancellor, since all other Ways w'ere stopped: And, accordingly, a known Agent of the Lord Chancellor’s undertook to transact the Matter with his Lordship; the said Agent That no

Person

i i 6 t* Mail 1689.

Prideaux’g Person but the Lord Chancellor could procure the Petitioner’s Pardon; his Majesty' having given him to his r rejr5’ Lordship, as a Reward for his Service mthe West."

The Lady Tooker saith, That, upon Consideration with Mrs. Prideaux, that the Lord Chancellor only was to be applied to, she asked one Mr. Jenkins a Clerk in Chancery, If he knew any one who had an Interest in the said Lord Chancellor: And he answering, He was acquainted with Mr. Jennings; she desired him to talk with the said Mr. Jennings about it: And, in some time after, he brought her to Mr. Jennings, who undertook to procure Mr.

deaux' Pardon. The Discourse was then about Ten thousand Pounds; Mr. Jennings saying, He would not speak under. She said, She knew it was to my Lord Chancellor: To which Mr. Jenn answered, He knew they had been fishing with others for a Pardon, but it would not do; the King having given Mr. Prideaiuv to a great Person for his signal Service in the West The Lady Tooker further saith, That, after this Discourse with Mr. Jennings, she persuaded her sister Mrs. Prideaux to raise the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds for the Pardon: But Mrs. Prideaux insisting upon her husband’s Innocence, and Disability of raising of Money, did not agree to such a Sum: Upon which all Matters stood still; she having no further Treaty with Mr. Jennings, for a Month at least, till Mr. Jenkins, formerly employed, came to her from Mr. Jennings, and told her, If she did not now conclude for her Brother, it would be too late, for the General Pardon was just passing; and, if it was not done immediately, his Name would be excepted; but that it would not be done under Fifteen thousand Pound: That thereupon, seeing the Danger, they agreed with Mr. Jennings for the Sum.

Mr. Jennings saith, That, about flfichaelmas Term, 1685, Mr. Jenkins, a Clerk in Chancery, came to him, to apply to my Lord Chancellor for a Pardon for Mr. Prideaux: That he several times spoke, before he would meddle with it: But the Lady Tooker desiring him to offer the Lord Chancellor Ten thousand Pounds for a Pardon, he did do it; and the Lord Chancellor declined it, and was not willing to accept the said Ten thousand Pounds; but afterwards he did accept the Fifteen thousand Pounds, which, he believes, was paid to his Use.

Mr. Jenkins owns he was employed by the Lady; and proposed it first to Mr. Jenings, and brought them together. He saith, He came to the Lady Tooker the Time mentioned after the Month's Stop; and believes he told her he came from Mr. Jenings, as she said; but cannot positively say Mr. Jenings sent him.

Mr. Jennings denies he sent him; but, after that Message, he spoke with the Lady Tooker, and proffered the Fifteen thousand Pounds, as he said before.

Mrs. Slater saith, She was present when Mr. Jenkins came to the Lady Tooker, and told her. If they did not pay the Money presently, it would be too late; and that he was sent by Mr. Jenings to tell them so. She was likewise present when the first Discourse was between the Lady Tooker and Mr. Jenings, concerning the Pardon; and at several other times of their Treaty. That Mr. Jenings said, He would not speak for a Pardon under Ten thousand Pounds; and said, It was no great Matter for Mr. Prideaux to part with Thirty thousand Pounds upon that Occasion: his Father having left him Sixty thousand Pounds: That, upon Mrs. Prideaux' insisting her Husband had not any Money, Mr. Jenings said, If they could not procure the Money, there was a fine Seat in Dorsettshire, which would be taken as well as Money.

Mrs. Prideaux confirms This; and heard it twice; once said, when the Lady Tooker was present, and another time which Mrs. Slater mentions.

Mr. Jenings denies it.

8. " That the Petitioner’s Wife, during this Transaction, was positively refused any more to see the Petitioner in the Tower, till she had contracted to lay down Fifteen thousand Pounds; after which Agreement she had Liberty of Access: And the Petitioner, being forced by the said Practices, and by Duress of Impri-

sonment, having been a close Prisoner Seven Months in the Tower, signed Bonds for tire Payment of the said Fifteen thousand Pounds: Which was paid accordingly, in Three Days after, to the great Damage and Ruin of your Petitioner’s Fortune.

Mrs. Prideaux saith, That she was refused going any more to her Husband in the Tower, till, having contracted with Mr. Jenings for the Fifteen thousand Pounds, she told him, she must consult with her Husband, or else it would be impossible to raise the Money: That thereupon Leave was given for all to come in Lady Tooker saith, The Bargain being made for Fifteen thousand Pounds, Mr. Prideaux was released the same Night the Money was paid.

Sir Robert Dashwood saith, That my Lady Tooker desiring him to lend Ten thousand Pounds to Mr. Prideaux, to be paid for his Pardon, he accordingly did it; but being told, There was but little Time; for that if it was not done immediately, Mr. Prideaux would be excepted out of the General Pardon: And the Lady Tooker desiring him to be bound for the whole Sum of Fifteen Thousand Pounds, he likewise did the same; and was bound to Sir Robert Clayton, and others, in the said Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds.

Sir Robert Clayton delivers a Note to the Committee, wherein he acknowledges the Receipt of; 0,600l.; and 2,400l. on March 25th, 1686; and 1,760 on April the 13th, 1686, upon Mr. Prideaux's Account; amounting in all to 14,760/.; which he paid to the Order of the then Lord Chancellor Jeff ryes.

Mrs. Prideaux informs the Committee, That, there being Two Years time given for the Payment of 2,400l.

Part of the said 15,000l. the 240/. being Two Years Interest of the said Sum, at Five per Cent, was struck off, upon present Payment of the said 2,400l.; which completed the Sum of 15,000l.

Mr. John Carpenter, of New Inne, informs the Committee, That the Lord Jeffryespurchased an Estate, called,

Dalbyn in the Wolds, and Neather Broughton, in Leicestershire, of the Value of about 1,760/. of the

Duke of Albemarle;the Purchase Money was about

34,000l. and a Fine levied of the same in Midsummer Term, 1687.

Mr. Prideaux informs the Committee, That this Estate was contracted for with the Duke of Albemarle, a considerable time before; but, upon a Dispute between the Lord Jeffreys and Duke of Albemarle, the Purchase was not perfected till Midsummer aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to charge the Manors of Dolby and Broughton, in the County of Leicester (the Estate of the late Lord Jeffreys, late Lord

Chancellor of England) with the Repayment of the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, and Interest, which was by him extorted from Edmund Prideaux, Esquire.

A Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of Lon- Orphans of don was read the First time. London.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Saturday Morning next.

j

The Matter touching the Relief for the French Pro- French testants, coming into Debate in the House, upon the Re- Protestant*-port lately made in Relation thereunto;

Resolved, That an humble Address be made unto his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, that he will please to take the Condition of the French Protestants into Consideration; and to afford them some Relief for their Subsistence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Methwyn:

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That they have agreed to the Bill Disarming for the more speedy and effectual Convicting and Disarm- l>uPlsts-ing of Papists; with some Amendments, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also

1W. & M. 1^2°

1*17

Regulating

Trials.

Leave for a Member to attend Lords.

Coinage.

Estimate of forfeitures.

Also to put this House in mihd'of a Bill, sent down Sir Ralph Dutton acquainted £he House, That he had, pro»ecotion some time since, intituled, An Act for the Regulating of . according to the Order of the-House, attended the Lord for librllow Trials.. Chief Justice touching and that his Lord- Words.

And then the Messengers withdrew. ship had sent him to Newgateand said he Should be

prosecuted according to Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend at the Also he informed the House, That there was a Person A inspected Bar of the House of Lords, in a Cause between Nexvcornbe at the Door, suspected to be a Papist, who hpH refused Person exa-and Bonner. to take the Oaths of Fidelity to their Majesties; and that nuned-

. going along with another such Person, asked him, if Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider he had his Commission; meaning, as was supposed, of die great Abases committed in the impairing the Coins under the late King James: And that both Persons were of the Kingdom; and how the same may be prevented: at die Door.

And it is referred to Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir John Cutler, Resolved, That they be called in.

Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Done, Sir Hen. Capell, They were called in to die Bar, being one Edward Sir John Knight, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Gwyn, Sir H. Owen, Turbervilc, and Thomas Tunstall; and examined, touching

Colonel Birch, Mr JVogan, Mr. Hcnctry, Mr. Bickerstaffe, the Matter aforesaid: And they excusing themselves in

Sir John Knatch bull, Lord Falkland, Mr. Ellwell, Sir Jos.relation diereunto, as not intending any thing relating to Trcdenham, Sir John Banks, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Somers, the King.

Mr. Thomson, Sir Christopher' Musgrave, Mr. England, Sir Resolved, That they be discharged.

John Key, Mr. Tho. Foley, and all the Members for the

City of London r And are impowered to send for Persons, Sir Henry Capell acquaints the House, That he, with Answer to Papers and Records; and to meet in the Exchequer others of his Majesty's Privy Council, had, according to Addrew* Chamber Tomorrow, at l'our of the Clock.. . > their Order, attended his Majesty with the Desires of this

House, in relation to the Archbishops, and Bishops, and Ordered, That the several Members, that serve for every Clergy of; and that his Majesty was pleased there-County, City, University, Borough, and Cinque Port, upon to declare to this Effect; That he would take the do, on Friday Morning next, bring in an Estimate of best care he could of them; and that as soon as Livings what the Forfeitures of the Five hundred Pounds may fell they Should be preferred to them, amount unto.

Rights of the The Order for the House to resolve into a Committee Subject, and of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Establish-thefruwn *° ^ie Articles presented by the Lords and Commons to rown* their Majesties, and for Settling the Crown, was read.

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Treby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Treby reports from tfle Committee of the whole House, That they, having taken the said Bill into their Consideration, had agreed upon several Amendments to be made thereunto: \\ hich he read in his Plate; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

Royal Assent A Message from the King, by Sir Thomas Dttppa, u> bills. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker and the House went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;}

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That the House having attended his Majesty in the House of Peers, his Majesty was pleased to pass several Bills; viz.

An Act for raising Money, by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the Reducing of Ireland.

An Act for preventing Doubts and Questions concerh-ing the Collecting the rublick Revenue: And,

An Act to enable Younger Cooke, Esquire, to sell Lands, to pay his Debts, and make Provision for his younger Children.

Answer to Mr. Hamden acquaints' the House, That he, with others Addresses, of his Majesty’s Privy Council, had attended his Majesty with Two Addresses of this House; the one in relation to the Militia, and appointing Ships’to guard the Coasts; to which his Majesty was pleased to answer to this Effect, That the same Should be done: The other in relation to the Relief of the French Protestants; to which his Majesty w as pleased to answer to this Effect, That he was willing to do what he could for them; but that he hoped . the Commons would enable him thereto, y Vol. X.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 2° die Maii.

Praters.

A PETITION of divers Coffee Sellers in London, Duties oa on the Behalf of themselves, and others, was read; Coffee, tic. setting forth, That, by an Act of 15 II. certain Duties are laid on Coffee, Chocolate, Sherbet, and Tea, to be paid by, and levied upon, the Retails of the said several Liquors; but that they are so high, that the Petitioners cannot sublist, and pay the same: And that m&by of the Traders therein have been ruined by the heavy Exactions of the Officers of the Excise: Ana praying to be relieved against the same.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered when the Revenue of Excise shall come under the Consideration of the House.

A Bill for naturalizing Am Astley, and others, was read Astle/», he. the First time. Nat*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for settling of Measures was read the First time. Measures, j

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Commssioo* Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ^j0^1* enabling Lords Commissioners for the Great Seal to execute execute the Office of Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, Lord Chan-was referred, upon the Re-commitment thereof, be re- csllorship, vived: And that Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Christy, Sir Dyke, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Arnold, Lord Digby, Mr. Hobby,

Mr. Parker, Mr. Neuporte, Sir Win. Honeywobd^ be added to the Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Pawlett have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

The House then took into Consideration the Amend- simoniacal ments proposed by the Lords to be made to the Bill, Promotiou, That the Simoniacal Promotion of one Person may not prejudice another: Which were Thrice read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Insert Clause [A]. Which Clause was, "ThatLeases, made by Persons, although Simoniacally promoted, to Lessees not knowing of the Simony, Should not beimpeached."

G g Ordered,

m8 Cl Mail. Ai .1089.

Ordered, That Sir Jos. Trcdenhxm do' carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House to the said Amendments.

Recovery of A Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes,

Tythes, . , was reac( the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; A Bill for an additional Poll, was read the First time.

Poll Tax. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

New Windsor Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privi-

Election. leges and Elections, to whom the Matter, touching the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks,' was referred, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing; and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; and was there read; and is as followeth:

Upon the Petition of Esquire, against

the Right honourable Henry Esquire, touch-

ing the Election for New Windsor, w*as read: As also,

A Petition of Sir Algemoon May, Knight, against Sir Christopher Wren, touching the Election for the same Borough, was read.

But, upon the Request of the said Sir Algemoon May, That the Committee would not proceed upon his said Petition, till the Right of Election was settled, the Committee did not then proceed to hear the Matter of the Petition of the said Sir Algemoon.

That the Question, between the said Mr. Powle and Mr. Adderley, appeared to be, Whether the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and select N umber of Burgesses; or, in the Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot > And it was agreed, That, if the Right of Election was

in the former, then the said Mr. Powle was duly elected: If in the latter, That Mr. Adderly was.

That, for the Petitioner, the Counsel insisted, That Windsor was a Borough by Prescription: And produced RetumsofBurgesses, 30 I. 7£.11. i5£.II. III. And Indentures of Return of 29 H. VI. Major 8$ CommunitasBurgensium eligerunt, sub Sigillo communi omnium 8$ singubrum Burgensium &;

39 H. VI. Major, Ballivi, 8$ Iota Communitas, runt. — Hat. sub Sigillo Officii Majoratus.

7 Edrv. IV. Major, Ballivi, 8$ Comburgenses, elegerunt sub Sigillo communi.

i* Maries. Major, Burgenses,$ Commun

sub Sigillo communi, in Aula.

2 # 3tio Philippi 8$ Marice. Major cum Burgensibus, $ Communitate elegerunt sub Sigillo communi predicti.

l® Eliz.Major, Ballivi, Burgenses, 8$ Communitas, elegerunt sub Sigillo communi Burgi prcedicti.

17 Car. I. Mayor, Bailiff, and Inhabitants, chose under common Seal, and Seal of the Inhabitants:

And produced a Charter of Incorporation, of 5 Echo. I. Quod Villa pradicta de sit liber BurguAnd,

6 E. IV. Whereby the Mayor, Bailiff's, and Inhabitants were incorporated, by the Name of May of, Bailiff, and Burgesses: And,

l® Jacobi I. Constituting a Mayor, Bailiff, Aldermen, and Common Council, not exceeding the Number of Thirty; eligend. sicut e.v antiquo, et Temporibus retro-actis: And,

A Copy of the' Journal of 40 whereby it appeared, there had been a Resolution of this House, That the Right of Election was in the Inhabitants in general: And,

Extracts of the Journals of 1679, and 1680; where were Resolutions to the same Effect.

That then they called Mr. Tayler, a Witness: Who said, That he remembered the Election of I®, or

3® Car, when all the Inhabitants came up to the Cross, and chose him; but said, He was then a Boy, and knows

not who made the Return; but said, None were set by, but who received Alms.

Mr. Herring said, He was an Inhabitant: And that Mr. Powle declared, He would be chosen by the Popularity.

That an Exception . taken to him, he being an Inhabitant.

That for Mr. Powle the Counsel denied, that Nero Windsor was a Borough by Prescription; and insisted,

That all the Records, produced by the Petitioner, were Evidence for Mr. Pmde, they being under the common Seal; and several dated in the Guildhall, the Place for corporate Acts; and that the former Resolutions of this House, on Behalf of the Populacy, were upon a mistaken Ground: And insisted, that New Windsor was made a Borough by 5 Edw. I.

' That in that Charter were direct Words of Creation of a Borough, and making them a Corporation; as also a Grant of sending Burgesses to Parliament, by relative Words, granting them all the Rights and Liberties of the Burgesses of other Boroughs.

. That the Indenture of Return, of 27 VI. was Major. et Communitas Burgensium elegerunt, sub Sigillo communi omnium et singubrum Burgensium, et Communitatis:

Which could be only meant of the Corporation; as all the rest of the Returns, produced by the Petitioner, were:

And produced Indentures of Returns, besides those produced by the Petitioner; . were

1 Car. I. 2 Car. 1.3 Carl. Election by Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, under the common Seal:

And the Journal of the House 6 July, 13 Car. II. wherein the Resolution of the House was, That the Right of Election was in the Corporation.

And that upon the whole Matter the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks, is in the Mayor, Bailiff, and select Number of Burgesses, only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Henry Powle, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks.

The First of . the said Resolves being read a Second

O

time:

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Nero

Windsor in the County of Berks, is in the Mayor, Bailiff, and select Number of Burgesses, only.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time: ,

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Henry Powle, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks.

x Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privi- Southwark leges and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Election. Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Southwarke was referred, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: W hich he produced in Writing; and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; and was there read; and is as followeth;

Upon the Petition of the Inhabitants of Southwarke, touching the Election of Burgesses for the Borough of Southwarke in the County of Surrey;

The Question was, Whether any that did not pay Scotland Lot, had a Right to vote.

1 For the Petitioners, the Counsel'insisted, That none had a Right to elect, but the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot: Of which Number they alledged Mr. Smith and Mr. Bowyer had the Plurality.

That, according to the Poll taken by the Bailiff;

Sir

t

I W. &.M. 2* Maii. 119

Sir Peter Rich had - - - - 1677 drew up that Paper; and it was tendered the Bailiff; but

Mr. Arnold - - - - 2130

Mr. Smith, And.....1526

Mr. j Boioyer ----- 1360

But suggested, that, of those who paid Scotland Lot,

Mr. Smith had - - - - 664

Mr. Arnold - - - 626 ,

Mr. Bowyer And - - - - 538

Sir Peter Rich had ..... 464

And it was put upon the Sitting Members to prove, that Housekeepers, not paying Scotland Lot, had a Right to elect: Who called

Mr. James Reading: Who said, He lived in tire next Parish to the Borough, but hath no Vote: That he never heard it disputed, but by Losing Members, but that all Persons, being Inhabitants, who did not receive Alms, had a Right to vote: That he remembers one ancient Election of Mr. Brener and Colonel Thompson’, and all were admitted then: That he.has often wished the Custom had been for Scotland Lot Men; but the other has been the Custom. Said, he was at the Election, being desired by the Bailiff, as a Person no way concerned.

Sir Peter Daniell said, He remembered a great many Elections for Southwarke; but, the last Election before this,

had the Honour to be a Member of this House. He said then they disputed about the Scotland Lot Men, and could hardly agree what it was; but, at last, they agreed, that all Housekeepers Should have Votes: That he remembers the Election when Sir Thomas was

chosen; and it was by the Majority of Housekeepers: Would be very glad it might be settled, that none but who pay for the Poor might elect; but, as it has been managed for Forty Years, it is in the Inhabitants in General: That all that live in the Mint, and have Houses, (to the best of his Knowledge) have been admitted to vote; and that, at his Election, there was a Dispute of some Prisoners that had been let out, but he could find none.

Mr. Smith said, he wras born in Southwarke, and that any Person that lives in the Mint, in an House of Forty Shillings a Year, had as much Right to poll as he had: He see no Prisoners Poll, but those who had Houses who had a Right: That he remembers for about Threescore Years, and hath seen many Elections; and this was as fair a Poll as any he ever see in his Life: The Mint pays Scotland Lot to St. George's Church.

Mr. Edward Lane, born in next October

Fifty-five Years of Age, had been at several Elections; but never knew any Objection against any Inhabitant of Southward, if he paid Forty Shillings a Year for his Flouse, and did not receive Alms: That the Mint was always reckoned Part of the Borough, and pay all Taxes: That he was at the Election, and heard no Complaint, till it appeared, that Mr. Smith and Mr. had lost it.

Mr. Fins said, He lived in the Mint, and has lived there Threescore-and-four Years; and has given his Vote for Fifty Years: He remembers the Election of Mr. bourne and Mi\ Tuckney, and afterwards of Mr. Hiland; and it was said, that any that paid any Collection to the Parish, it was lawful for him to poll; but, if they received Alms, they were not allowed to vote.

Sir Robert Mayos said, he was at the Election, and ' voted; and has voted'for several; and never knew but the Candidates polled every one that was a Housekeeper, though he had but Two Rooms, if he went in at one Door: He heard no body dispute it, because it was always a Custom to poll, whether they paid Scotland Lot or no, and the Petitioners have done the same. He thinks it was a very fair Poll.

Then the Agreement of the Candidates was read; by which it was agreed, That all Housekeepers, not receiving Alms, were good Pollers.

For the Petitioners, the Counsel delivered in a Paper, in the Nature of a Protestation against the said Agreement, signed by the Inhabitants of the Borough:

And called Joseph Shebbeer: Who said, He see several sign it: That, when they saw all Persons admitted, they Vo 1. X.

he threw it back again, and would not receive it.

Wm.Thomas, who lives in St. Mary Overt) s Park, came Apprentice in the Borough 1633, and has continued in the Borough for the most Part of the Time since; He remembers several Elections; and, to the best of his Remembrance, the ancient Elections was by the Inha-, bitants paying to the Poor, though it w as but a Half-peny a Week; and so it continued, till tire Election of Mr, Thompson.

Martingly: The first Election he remembers was

Mr. Holboum's, and then they w ere not sullered to poll unless they paid to the Poor, though it was never so little; The next being Mr. Brewer and Mr. Thomsons, he could not tell how that was carried on.

Robert Steele: That, the first Parliament, before the Long Parliament, Mr. White and Mr. were efiosen in

St. George's Fields’, and, when they came to poll, they desired all that did not pay Scotland Lot to stand off: The next being Mr. Holbournes, they did the like; but there was no Poll: That at Mr. Thomson's Election there was a Poll; and he was polled, the Poll held Five Days; and he was questioned where he lived, and whether he was a Housekeeper, and paid to the Poor: That he was polled the first day; but afterwards, those, that did not pay Scotland Lot, came in, he thinks.

Ri. Boszccll lives in Tuly-street; was at the Election, and voted: That there was a Complaint at the Oxon Parliament, as now; but, the Parliament being dissolved, there was no Hearing.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Southwarke in the County of Surrey is in all the Inhabitants of the said Borough, being Housekeepers, and not receiving Alms.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Peter Rich, Knight, and John Arnold, Esquire, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Southwarke aforesaid.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time; -

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve jn Parliament for the Borough of Southwarke in the County Surrey is in all the Inhabitants of the said Borough, being Housekeepers, and not receiving Alms.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Peter Rich, Knight, and John Arnold, Esquire, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Southwarke aforesaid.

A Bill for rectifying a Mistake in the Bill for amoving Papists from the Cities of London and Westminster, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for restoring Corporations was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sacheverell, Lord Digby, Mr. PapiUion, Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr.

Paul Foley, Sir John Guise, Mr. Christy, Sir Rich. Hart,

SirJos.Tredenham, Mr Bickerstaffe, Mr. Ganvay, Sir Tho.

Pope Blunt, Mr. Thompson, Sir John Banks, Mr. Honey-wood, Sir John Cutler, Mr. Mr. Rebow, Major

Wildman, Mr. Reignolds, Colonel Birch, Sir Hen. Gosse, Mr. Somers, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir H. Ashurst, Mr. Austen, Mr. Chetwin, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Colt, Sir Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir John Barker, Sir Knight, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Thomson, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Tho. Foley, Lord Falkland, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Hervey, Sir Walter

Young,

Southwark*

Election.

Removing

Papists.

Restoring

Corporations.

lid

2° — f Mail

A. 1689.

Noting, Sir Ralph Dulton, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Mr.

Trench ard, Mr. Burrard:And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet in the Speaker’s Chamber on Saturday next, at tour of the Clock' in the Afternoon.

Restoring A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City Corpora- of Canterbury, shewing, That they had enjoyed divers tien*. ancient Privileges, by Virtue of a Statute of 7 Ed. VI.

and 15 Car. II. appointing Four Wine Sellers; but that of late that Privilege was invaded, by an Information brought against one Pow; and praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief therein; was read.

Resolved, That it be referred to the same Committee, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Leave for Ordered, That Sir WmWilliams have Leave to attend Mem*r at the Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause attcn r . between the £arl of Mdand Fitlon.

- Bailing and The House then took into Consideration the Report,

Escape of made upon Monday last, touching Sir James Smith: And Brent the saiiift being read; and a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, be desired, by this House, to prefer an Indictment against Sir James Smith for Bailing Mr. Brent.

The Two la9t of the said Amendments, being severally redd the Third time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

ResOlvcd, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Reasons for a Conference with the Lords, why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the said Fifteenth Amendment, by the Lords proposed to be made to the Bill, sent up to them by this House, intituled, An Act for the more speedy Conviction and Disarming of Papists.

And it is referred unto Mr. Hamden, sen. Mr. Foley, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Sachec erell, Sir Jos. Mr. Hamden, jun. Colonel Birch, Mr. Leveson Gon er, Mr-Colt; or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chain ber; and to make their Report to the House, with all convenient Speed.,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 3* die; l* Willielmi et Maria?.

Praters.

Disarming The House then took into Consideration the Amend-Papists., merits proposed by the Lords, to be made to the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Convicting and Disarming of Papists: Which were Twice read throughout; and are as followeth:

In the Title, ihstead of " more speedy and effectual Convicting and, " read, " better securing the Government by and, after " Papists," add, " reputed Papists."

1 Pr. i L. instead of " more speedy Conviction of,"

read " better securing of the Government againstand

after " Papists," add, " and reputed Papists." ,

40 L. after " declared," leave out to " to," in the 42 L. 44 L. after, " Disabilities," leave out to " and, " in the 48th L.; and read, " hereafter in this Act mentioned."

2 Pr. 17. L. for " Popish Recusant convict," read " Papists, or reputed Papists, so refusing, or making Default, as aforesaid."

38 L. for " Popish Recusant convict," read " Papist, or reputed Papist."

/ 5° L for " Conviction," read, " such Refusal, or

making Default, as aforesaid."

3 Pr. 29 L. instead of " Popish Recusant convict," read, " Persons so refusing, or making Default, as aforesaid."

4 Pr. 9 L. leave out from " shall" to " shall" in the 11th L.; and read, " have refused, or made Default, as aforesaid."

15 L. from " Conviction," read, his refusal or making Default, as aforesaid."

29 L. instead of " being a Popish Recusant convict," redd, " Refusal or Default, as aforesaid."

5 Pr. t L. for " Popish Recusant convict," read, " Papist or reputed Papist, so refusing or making Default, as aforesaid."

2 L for First," read, "Fifteenth."

6 L. after " sold," add, " except such as shall be allowed by the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions."

19 L. for " Popish Recusant," read, " Papist, Or reputed Papist, so refusing.....Default, as aforesaid

and, for " First," read " Fifteenth."

23 L. after " to," read " be."

Tiie TWo First of the said Amendments, being Severally read the Third time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were postponed.

The Twelve next Amendments, being severally read the Third time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fifteenth Amendment being read the Third time.

* And the Question being put, '1 hat the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Negative.

O

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker be desired to Mr-Speaker print his Speech upon presenting the Bill for raising speech on* Monies by a Poll, and others, towards the Reducing of presenting -Ireland, for the lloyul Assent; and that he have the Poll Bill. Thanks of the House for the same.

A Petition of Thomas Skinner; shewreth, That in the F;ast Indm Year 1657, when the East Indies were open to all Pet*- tompan^‘ sons, hew*entw*ith a Ship and Cargo of great Value; and, being possessed of an Island, by Grant, from the King of Janwy, the Company’s Agents seized the Ship and Goods, and disseized him of the Island, and endeavoured to destroy him, to his Damage, of above Thirty thousand Pounds; and that he hath endeavoured to seek his Relief in the Admiralty, and before the King and Council, at the House of Lords, where his Damages were, by a Coin mittee, moderated at Twenty-eight thousand Five hundred Twenty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eight-pence, in the Year 1668; but that the further Proceedings fell, by Order of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, upon his Promise of Satisfaction from the Company; but, after many Delays, he could obtain no Relief; and praying to be relieved according to the Merit of his Cause, upon the Examination of it; w as read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Matter of the Petition of Charles Price, and others, and the whole Affairs of the East India Company; to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and to report the Matter of the said Petition, with their Opinions, to the House, with all convenient Speed.

A Petition of the Shoemakers of Northampton was Exporting read; setting forth, That a considerable Part of the Trade Leather* of that Town consists in the Manufacture of Bools and Shoes, a great Part whereof have been vended beyond Seas, whereby they were enabled to maintain their Families, and employ many poor People; but that if the Bill now brought for Exportation of Leather unwrought, do pass, that it will tend to the utter Ruin of the Petitioners, and their Families, and All others subsisting from them; and praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the Bill for Exportation of Leather !is reported from the Committee, to whom the same is . referred.

Ordered, That Sir John Fagg have Leave to stay in the Le., Ve of Country, for a Fortnight, being ill there. . Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith have Leave to go into the Countty, for a Fortnight, for his Health.

Ordered,

2

Hwknfy

Coaches.

Sopply Hill; Poll l ax.

iW.^M. 30 — 4" —

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving an Act for Licensing Hackney Coaches, is referred, do take into Consideration the Regulating the Prices of Hackney Coaches, and Chairmen and Sedan-men; and other things necessary to them.

A Bill for an additional Poll was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House do now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for an additional Poll.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they, having taken the said Bill into their Consideration, had thought fit to make some Amendments to the same; and to add a Clause, That no Fees Should be taken for making the Commissions directed by this or the former Bill, nor any Fees in the Exchequer for the Monies to arise by the Poll Bills, or the Bill for granting a present Aid to their Majesties, other than Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence for every One thousand Pounds to the Tellers: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were Once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

*6° Maii. i'll

Mr. Tho. Foley, M t.Burrard, Major Mr. Gar-

vat/, Sir John Guise, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Sir

John Wym, Sir Robert Rich, Sir Nevill Catlyn, Sir Tho

Bamadtston, Sir Christopher Musgrav, Sir Ph. Skippon,

Mr. England, Sir JVm. Cooke, Sir Patience JVard, Lord Dawne, Mr. Blake, Sir E. Askue, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Thomey, Mr. Holt;And all that come to have Voices:

And they are to meet on Monday next, at Four of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber; and to make their Report with all convenient Speed.

A Bill for taking away a Clause in the Statute of Severn*

30 Car. II. touching Fishing in the River Seveme, was F‘sbery* read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Alford have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

A Bill to annul, and make void, all Gifts and Grants ^rant*to made to Papists, or to any in Trust for them, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill for an additional Poll be read supply Bill: the Third time on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Poll Tax. Clock.

Resolved, That the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of Orphans of London be read a Second time on Monday Morning next, London, at Ten of the Clock.

Lora for Ordered, That Sir William Williams have Leave to hiember to attend at the Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel in attend Lords. a Qause between Eyres and Eyres.

Call of the Ordered, That the Call-over of the House be ad-joumed till Tomorrow SevennighL

Correspond- Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in-ing wuh late tituled, An Act making and declaring it to be Treason to king Jamas, fceep any Intelligence, or maintain any Correspondence, with the late King James the Second, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, at Eleveu of the Clock.

Removing A Bill for rectifying a Mistake in the Bill for amoving Papists. Papists from the Cities of London and Westminster, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a certain Act of this Parliament, intituled, An Act for the amoving Papists from the Cities of London and Westminster.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, Correspond. An Act making and declaring it to be Treason to keeping with late any Intelligence, or maintain any Correspondence, with the Km8 late King James the Second, was read a Second time.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

The Question was put. That the Bill be committed;

And it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Construction regulating Constructions upon the Statutes for Treason, of Treason, and Trials, and Proceedings, and Writs of Error, in Cases of Treason: And it is recommended to Mr. Sa-chtxerell to take care of the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

Lnrue, 6° die Maii;

Estimates of Ordered, That the Estimates of the Forfeitures of Five loHeitnres. hundred Pounds (such as are ready) be brought in this Afternoon to the Clerk of the House; and the rest Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 4° die Maii;

‘l° Willielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

Jlf AGNA Terence took the Oaths, in order to her Naturalization.

fall of Rents. Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Reasons of the Fall of Rents, and to bring in a Bill or Bills for the Remedying thereof.

And it is referred unto Colonel Birch, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Sackoille, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. Colt, Sir Roger Twisden, Sir Rob. Sir Wm.

Honywood, Sir Tho.Dyke, Mr, Christy, Sir Mr. Fuller, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr, Paul Foley, Mt.Gwyn, Vol. X.

Prayers.

A BILL to enable Trustees to grant Leases of the Hele'sEstate. Estate of Rich. Hele, Esquire, was read the First

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for erecting Courts of Conscience in Bristoll and Bristoff, &c. Gloucester, and for building a Gaol at Bristoll, was read Courts of the First time. Conscience,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

This House being informed, that Mr. Michael East, Privilege. Secretary to the Right honourable the Marquis of Winchester, a Member of this House, hath been arrested by Archibald Sparke and Robert Lambe, at the Suit of one Edic. Barradell, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Edw.Barradell, A

and Robert Lambert, be taken into Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for such their Breach of Privilege.

A Petition of the Officers, Inn-keepers, and Clothiers,

8$c. that served in, quartered, and cloathed the Army Arrear*. raised by an Act of Parliament in 1677, and disbanded

HV by

oozie

122

6° Mali.

A. 1689.

Leave of Absence.

Annulling

Sidney’s

Attainder,

Orphans of London,

Duty on Coals.

by another Act id 1679; setting forth, That the said Forces being raised to enter into an actual War against the French King, several of the Petitioners, upon the Credit of the said Acts, quartered, maintained, and cloathed the Army; but, in regard, it was not disbanded within the Time limited, and by other Accidents, the Money given fell Short, to pay the Petitioners, about Seventy thousand Pounds, besides Interest; and, forasmuch as the Discharge of that Debt, contracted upon the Credit of Two Acts of Parliament, would greatly encourage them, and others, to give a further Credit upon the like Occasion; they prayed that their Condition might be considered, and speedy Course taken for Satisfaction of their Debts, with reasonable Allowance for their Forbearance; was read.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter of Fact of the said Petition, and to state and report the same to the House.

And it is referred unto Sir John Barker, Lord Falkland, Mr. Auditor Done, Sir John Matthews, Colonel Birch, Mr.

Bickerstaffe, Mr. Parker, Sir H. Goodrich, Mr.

Mr. Blake, Mr. Babington, Mr. Norreis, Mr. Arnold, Mr. P. Foley, Sir NevillC Mr. Montague, Mr. Christy, Sir Rich. Hart, Sir Jos Mr. Mr. Guyn, Sir Christopher Masgrave, Sir Rob. Clayton,

Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Fen-mcke, Sir H.Johnson, Mr. T. Foley, Lord

Coote, Colonel Whitley, Ed. Vaughan, Captain Hunt, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. John WilliaMr. Sir John Cordell, Mr. Howard: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Duchy Chamber; and to make their Report, with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That Sir George Fletcher have Leave to go into the Country, for Six Weeks, to settle the Militia.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher have Leave to

go into the Country, for a Month.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Dovers have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

Ordered, That Sir Rich. Newport have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for annulling, and making void, tire Attainder of Algemoon Sidney, Esquire, was read a Second time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John , Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Peirpoint, Mr. Arnold, LotdBrandon, Mr. Christy, Sir Cary, Mr. Grey, Mr. Niccolas, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir

Mr. Parker, Mr. Coningsby, Lord Falkland, Mr. P. Foley, Lord Norreis, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Pelham, Sir Tho. -pesson, Colonel Birch, Major Manley, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Hamden, Mr. H. Herbert, Mr. Tho. Foley, Colonel may, Mr. Gray: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for Relief of the Orphans of London was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House do, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Owners of Ships, and Traders in Coals, to and from Newcastle, Sunderland, &c. setting forth, That the laying a further Imposition on Coals will very much lessen the Coal Trade, and will be great Damage, as well to the Poor of the City of London, as to Mariners and others; and, consequently, to Navigation itself; and therefore, praying to be heard at the Bar of the House: And that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Encouragement of English Navigation, both as to building of Ships, and preventing Seamen from Serving Foreign Nations.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for Relief of Orphans of London, is referred.

A Bill for an additional Poll, was read the Third time. Supply Bill;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, 1,011 lax-by inserting these Words, " We the Commons, assembled in Parliament, do pray your Majesties, that it may be EnactedWhich were Twice read; and agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, for Sums of Money to be allowed among the Auditors of the Receipt, the Clerk of the Pells, and the Four Tellers, for their Pains and Charges, relating to the Bill for the Aid, and Poll Bills; and for the Thirteen Shillings and Four-Pence to the Tellers, to be for the Navy only; and, that the Fee of Two Shillings for every Tally in the Tally Office be not taken away.

Which Clause was Tw ice read.

The Question being put. That the first Blank of the Clause be tilled up with Five thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Blank he filled up with Four thousand Pounds;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth,

Tellers for the Yeas, fHr‘

[Mr. Done,

Tellers for the Noes,{^; ^22*

| 1 ‘JO.

\v

J

;o.

Parker.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the First Blank be filled upwitli " Three thousand Pounds."

Resolved, That the Second Blank be filled up with " Twelve hundred Pounds.’’

Resolved, That the Third Blank be filled up with " Six hundred Pounds."

Resolved, That the Fourth Blank ibe filled up with " Twelve hundred Pounds."

Resolved, That the Fifth Blank be filled up with " Three thousand Pounds."

The Clause, with the Blanks so filled up, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That it be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An additional Act to an Act, intituled, An Act for raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the Reducing of Ireland.

Resolved, That Mr. Hamden do carry the Bill up to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Privilege. Privileges do make his Report of the Matter of Breach of Privilege between Sir Rich. Temple and Mr. Palmes, . on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill for establishing the Articles Rights of the presented by the Lords and Commons to their Majesties, Subject, and and for settling the Crown, be read the Third time s"«ession to Tomorrow Morning at Eleven of the Clock. 1 e Crown‘

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

Resolved, That this House will take into Consideration Bill of the Heads for a Bill of Indemnity, upon Wednesday Indemnity. Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock.

A Certificate, that Sir James Smith hath given Bail Rail on before the Lord Chief Justice Holt, to appear to an Prosecutioa Indictment, according to the Order of this House, was ordered* read.

Ordered, That Sir James Smith be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Petition of Richard Janercay, in Custody of the Ser- Privilege —

jeant at Arms, acknowledging his Offence, and begging Petition from the Pardon of the House, was read. . a Person in

And a Debate arising thereupon; 1 custody.

Resolved,

V

I W. & M.

6° — 7*

sU3

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow

That, for the Petitioner, the Counsel called Mr. Oliver: Who said, That there was an Election between Air. Dunce and That Mr. Dunce

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow had the greater Number of Pollers at First; but, when the

Alorning, Ten of the Clock.

Alorning, Teu of the Clock.

Martis, 7° die Mail; 1® Willielmi et Alariae.

PR

AYERS.

Westminster, /j RD Eli ED, That the Report from the Committee, Ac. Courts ot \J to whom the Bill for establishingCourts of Conscience Conscience. jn Southwarke, Westminster, the Hamlets, and Out

Parishes, be made upon Friday next, atTen of the Clock.

Woollen A Bill for the Encouraging of the Woollen Alanu-

Manutacture. facture was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Prices’s

LsUte.

Bankrupts.

1 rave of Absence,

A Bill to supply a defective Conveyance, made by Roger Price,. of the Manor of Westbury in the County of Bucks, was read the First time.

Ordered, That Leave be relation to Bankrupts.

given to bring in a Bill in

Commissioners of Great Seal to execute Lord Chancellorship.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Bertie have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Air. Buller have Leave to go into the Country, for a Alonth, his Wife being very ill.

Sir JVm. Poultney reports from the Committee, to

Alayor had examined the Poll, had the

greater Number of Scotland Lot Alen; and canied it.

Air. Cordery said, Stonehouse was chosen by the Scotland Lot Alen: That he has known Six Elections, or more: That they did as now; only used to examine who were Scotland Lot Alen afterwards.

Air. Evelyn said, Fie was there before the Poll was taken: That Sir John Stonehouse, being disabled from appearing himself, appointed somebody to appear for him; That the Gentlemen that were to manage the Poll did agree, That they Should admit all, upon Condition there Should be a Scrutiny of Scotland Lot Alen afterwards. That he see Sir John Stonehouse, the Saturday before the Election, knocked down, by him that carried the Pole with Air. Medlycott's Colours, without any Provocation.

Air. Thursby said, That at the Opening of the Poll,

Air. Medlicott said, If we scruple the Alen now, we shall never take the Poll; let us take the Poll, and we will strike out them that have no Right afterw ards: That Sir John Stonehouse was so barbarously used, lie could not be at the Election: That, it being given out, that Sir John Stonehouse would not stand, he was desired to come over; and accordingly, coming on Saturday before the Election in Ox-street, Mr. Medlicott's Alen being the re, and the Standard-bearer, they flourished their Pole, and he see Sir John Stonehouse knocked down; and they cried, " No Stadley CharterThat he see no Blows before; but afterwards, there were Blows on both Sides: That that knocked down Sir John Stonehouse, gave his Vote for* Air. Medlicott: That Two of Air. s Sons were

whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, inti- there: But he cannot say, any of the Sons gave any Blows: tuled, An Act to enable Lords Commissioners of the Great That Wyblin had been burnt in the Hand: That Wyblin Seal to execute the Office of Lord Chancellor, and Lord being apprehended, and brought before the Alayor, Mr. Keeper of the Great Seal of England, was re-committed, Medlicott undertook for his Forthcoming.

That the Committee do think fit to stand to their last Air. Polly delivered in a List of Ninety-eight Names; Amendment, but that the Clause [A] be added for the and said, He was desired to look over the Poll, and see

Declaration of War against France.

Abingdon

Election.

Gustos Rotulorum, to nominate the Clerk of the Peace;

and for the Justices of Peace to remove the Clerk of the Peace in case of Misdemeanor, and the Gustos Rotulorum to nominate another; and also, another Clause [B], for the Clerk of the Peace to swear, that he hath not nor will give any thing for his Place.

Both which Clauses were severally read Twice; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be Part of the Bill.

A Proviso was offered to be made Part of the Bill, for excepting the Duchy of Lancaster out of the Bill: Which was Twice read, and agreed to by the House to be Part of the Bill.

Air. Hamden, One of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, acquaints the House, That his Majesty had been pleased to fcommand him to acquaint the House, That he will presently issue forth a Declaration of War against France; and that he is encouraged thereunto by the Assurance this House hath given him of their Assistance; and that his Majesty was graciously pleased to command him to return , his Thanks to the House for it.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter, touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament

who paid Scotland Lot; and that the Ninety-eight, whose Names he gave in, did pay Scotland Lot, and voted for Sir John Stonehouse: That he is Overseer of the Poor,-and knows the Alen; That he took the Names out of the Church Book; and says, The Rate is made up at Michaelmas and Easter-, and all the Names are in One of the Books.

Air. Fletcher: That seeing somebody knocked down, he discovered it afterwards to be Sir John Stonehouse: That they also fell upon Him, and broke his Head in Two or Three Places.

A Witness said, The Agreement was, to go to a quiet Poll, and go to an Inspection afterwards: That several, that were set down for Air. Medlicott, were named by other People.

That, for the Sitting Alember, the Counsel agreed the Right of Election to he in the Scotland Lot Alen; but alleged, that upon the Scrutiny ot Rate they

had but Eighty-seven Voices, and Mr. Medlicott One hundred and Five: And called

Air. A?app. Town Clerk, who said, He took the Poll indifferently, by Order of the Alayor; and that it is a true Poll; but can say nothing as to their paying Scotland Lot: But when he had taken the Poll, and no more came, the Alayor desired him to cast up the Poll in general: Which he did; and there was no Scrutiny for the bad

for the Borough of Abingdon in the County of Berks was Voices then; because, allowing the bad Voices as they

referred, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing to the House; and is as follows:

Upon reading the Petition of Sir John Stonehouse, Baronet, against Thomas Medl Esquire, touching

the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Abingdon;

That the Question, that was insisted on; was, Whether the Petitioner, or the said Air. Medlicot, had polled most Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot.

Vol. X.

would have it, Mr. Medlicott would have had a Majority.

Thomas Mathers delivered in Two Papers of Polls; and said, upon the Scrutiny there was S7 for Sir John Stonehouse, and 105 for Air. Medlicott, that pay Scotland Lot; That he examined them with Air. s Son by the

Church Book: That he believes the Examination was after Air. Medlicott understood there was a Petition against him, touching the said Election.

Mr. Edmund Medlicott:That he compared the Poll with the Church Book; and took an Abstract of them that paid-Scotland Lot; and a Poll of them that neither pay

nor

_£^itizecH3

Gooq[

P

Ilrtster

Election.

124 7* Ma1689.

nor receive, and a Poll of them that received Alms: That there was Eighty-seven of them that paid Scotland Lot for Sir John Stonehouse, and One hundred and Five for

Mr. Medlicott: That there was no Scrutiny at the time of the Poll; but they had queried Fifty of Mr.

Men; and, abating them, and taking Sir John Men for good, Mr. Medlicott had the Majority. That Sir John Stonehouse going down and some

Soldiers with him, one Brown hearing some cry. No Radley Charter! fell upon one of Mr. Medlicott's Men (the meaning of the Cry, as he believes, was, because Sir John Stonehouse got the Charter of the Town, and carried

it to Radley): That Sir John Stonehouse bid them knock down the Man; but, for himself, he did what he could to keep the Peace.

Mr. Evelyn and Mr. Thursby being brought to confront Mr. Medlicott, said, There was no such thing, as Sir John Stonehouse's bidding knock down.

Another Witness, Mr. Ch. Medlicott, said, He see one Browne knock down one of Mr. Medlicott's Men first; "and that the Man that carried the Pole was knocked down twice, before he struck a Blow.

Another Witness said, The Man that carried Mr. Medlicott's Colours knocked down Sir John Stonehouse; and that he displayed the Colours so near to Sir John Stonehouse, that Sir John was lain to hold up his Hand to save himself from them.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to Two Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Medlicott, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Abingdon in the County of Berks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir John Stonehouse is duly elected a Burgess to serve

in this present Parliament for the said Town of

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Thomas Medlicott, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Abingdon in the County of Berks.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve;

It was resolved in the Negative.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter, touching the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ilcester in the County of Somersett, was referred, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing to the House, and is as follows:

And as to Four others of the Fourteen, viz.

Thomas Collins, he said nothing positive:

Richard Hoddy was Parson; and he paid Scotland Lot for his Parsonage, but tabled with one Mr.:

That Thomas Abbot was a Prisoner; but at Liberty, at that time, to Poll:

That Hen.Light was no Housekeeper in the Borough, but had been Bailiff of the same. And,

Ashfeild said, Two were refused to Poll for Mr.

Strode and Mr. Speake, who had a Right; Thomas Cleve, and Richard Marsh.

lor the Sitting Members, the Counsel insisted, That they had the Majority by the Poll taken by the Bailiff; and that, over and above those that were polled, there was Twelve others tendered themselves to be polled, on Behalf of Sir Edward Windham, and Mr.; and

that several, that polled for the Petitioners, had no Right to poll. And called Robert Smith: Who said, That John who

voted for the Petitioners, lived in the Town House: And that the Persons polled by the Sitting Members, and objected to by the Petitioners, had polled at former Elections, and were sufficient Persons: That several, w ho had good Votes, tendered themselves to be polled for the Sitting Members, and were refused; one Raymond, John Bayle, Fran. Masters, and John Pavier.

James Robert Danes, Robert Golsar, and Thomas Happier, testified, That Thomas and Thomas

Cheny, who polled for the Petitioners, declared, They would not give their Votes for them, unless they had Money given them for it.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, is as followeth;

Resolved, Nemitie coniradicente. That it is the Opinion

of this Committee, That Sir Edw.Windham, Baronet, and

William Hellier, Esquire, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ivilcester in the County of Somerset.

The said Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Eduard Windham, Baronet, and Wm.

Hellier, Esquire, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ivilcester in the County of Somerset.

The House being informed, that there had some hot The Home Words passed between Win. Harbord, Esquire, and Cap- 'nterfKlse tain Henry Bertie;and that they were gone out of the *°Quarrel. House;

Resolved, That the Serjeant at Arms attending the House do go presently and secure them both.

And they being come into the House, were required to, and accordingly did, severally promise, upon their Word and Honour, not to prosecute any Quarrel upon that Occasion.

Upon the Petition of Wm. Strode, and John Speake, Esquires, touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Ivilcester in the County of Somerset;

That the Question was, Whether the Petitioners, or the Sitting Members, had the Plurality of Votes of those that had Right to elect.

That it appeared, by the Poll taken by the Bailiff, That Sir Edw. Windham, Baronet, and Wm. Hellier, Esquire, had each of them Fifty-eight Votes; that Mr. Speake had Fifty, and Mr. Strode Fifty-two Votes.

But, for the Petitioners, the Council alleged. Fourteen that voted for the Sitting Members, were not duly qualified: And that the Right of Election lay in the Inhabitants of the said Town paying Scotland Ix>t; which the Town called Pott-wallers. And they called

Raymond and Mitchell: Who testified, That as to Ten of the Persons polled for the Sitting Members, they were Boarders; and not possessed, in their own Right, of any House, so as to be called Pott-wallers.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Met/rain;.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Annulling An Act for annulling and making void the Attainder of Lisle’s AlitiaLisle, Widow; to which they desire the Concur- AULan<^r‘ rence of this House;

Also they have passed the Bill for the Naturalization of Nassau's, Henry de Nassau, and others, without any Alteration. c. Nat.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Solicitor n-General, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Carter, Sir Tho. Littleton, i>ap?»u.m* Sir John Key, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Walter Young, be added to the Committee to whom it is referred to prepare Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, touching the Bill for disarming of Papism:

And the Committee are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to make their Report to the House Tomorrow Morning. k

20 Ordered,

7* — 8° Maii.

Rights of the Ordered, That the Bill. far establishing the Articles, Subject, and presented, by the Lords and Commons to their Majes-Suceession to tjes, an(j gelling the Crown, be read the Third Time t e r«w». ,j'0_ln0IT0W Morning, at Ten of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Privilege.

Ordered, That the Debkte, touching the Discharging of Richard Janeway out of Custody be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, alter the Bill for the Establishing the Articles, and settling the Crown, is read.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8 Man;

i° Wiljielini et Marie.

Privilege.

I.rave of Absence.

Chettle's

ilslate.

125

And -the Question being put, That the same he read , the Third time.

It passed with the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill, so amended, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Poultry do carry the Bill up to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this. House thereunto, with the said Amendments.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House from his Majesty, Commission-That his Majesty was pleased to declare, That he would ere for Poll take the Advice of this House, in naming Commissioners for the Poll Bill; and that he would send a Letter to the Members of the House, for each County to send him into the Treasury Fifteen Names of the Commissioners in the Bill for granting a present Aid to their Majesties, to be joined with such others, as his Majesty Should appoint thereout.

Prayers.

THIS House being informed, that a Breach of privilege was committed upon Richard JVUUdme of

' Cabalva, Esquire, by Thomas Preece of Whitney, Richard

Preece of Bentwyne, Roger Williams, and John Probert,

of Whitney, in Entering upon his Estate, in Cutting down Timber to the Value of One hundred Pounds and upwards; and that they were going on to cut down more;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do summon the said Thomas Preece, Richard Precce, Roger Williams, wad John Probertto appear be- Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meredith and Removing Mr. Keck; Papist*.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That they have passed the Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, intituled, An Act for removing Papists from the Cities of London and Westminster, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to Exeter Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a Writ for the

fore this House, to answer the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That Sir John Coriton have Leave to'go into the Country, for a Month.

Ordered, That Mr. Chetlle have Leave tp bring in a

for the City of Exeter, in the roorri of Sir Henry fen; who is now promoted to be Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee, to whom it Disarming was referred to prepare Reasons, to be offered at a Con- Papists.

Bill to sell some Part of his Estate, to pay his Debts, ference with the Lords, Why this House doth not agree and make Provision for his Wife and Children.

I >eave for Member to attend Lords.

Solev's }. state.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend at the Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between Haney and the Lord Holies.

Commissioners ot Great Seal to execute Lord Chancellorship.

with the Lords, in an Amendment by them proposed, in the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Convicting and Disarming of Papists; That the Committee had prepared the same, accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the A Bill for the better Assuring the Manor of Silton, Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read through-alias Silvingion, and divers Messages, Lands, Tenements, out; and afterward, a Second time, one by one; and

and Hereditaments, in Silton, alias Silting ton, in the agteed unto by the House; and are as follow:

County of Salop, to Joseph Soley, Gentleman, and his } His Majesty will have no present Benefit by the Heirs, was read a Second time. Seizure of Horses of the Price of Five Pounds or up-

Resohed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edw. wards, as was principally intended.

Acton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Weld, Mr. P.Foley, Mr. Gray, 2. All such Horses will be left in Papists or reputed

Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Bromley, Sir Scroop Haw, Sir James Papists Hands, till the following Sessions, to the appa-

Rushut, Mr. Harbord. Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr Trenchard, relit Danger of the Government.

Mr. II. Herbert, Mr. Baldwin, Sir Edw. Ashcough, Sir 3- No Person will be willing to be at the Expence of John Knight, Mr. Phil. Foley, Mr. Dalben, Sir Cha. keeping such Horses until the next Sessions (except the Raleigh, Mr Herbert, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Tho. Bomadiston, Owner); since no Person is granted, by this Act, to

Mr. Somers, Sir Robert Owen, Mr. Foster, Mr. Tho.reimburse the Charges.

Windham, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Captain Chetw'm, Mr. Ordered, That Sir Henry Hobart do go up to the Conference Palmes, Mr. Conissby, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Tho. Freke, Mr. J^ords to desire a Conference with their Lordships upon desired wi* Tho.Foley, Mr. Gerrard Napier: And they are to meet the Matter of the Amendments, by them proposed, to Aj0r<"‘ on Friday next, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, the Bill for the more speedy1 Convicting and Disarming in the Speaker’s Chamber: And ore impowered to send of Papists, for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Guise reports from the Committee, to whom Annulling the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, Sidney’s An Act for the annulling and making void, the Attainder AttalD r* of Algemoon Sidney, Esquire, was referred, That the Committee had thought fit to make some Amendments ' to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth;

P. l. L. 2. Instead of the Word " intort

the Word "

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Lords Commissioners for the Great Seal to execute the Office of Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, with the Amendments, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by adding, at the End of it, these Words, "This Act to commence from the First Day of May 1689": Which were Thrice read, and agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by inserting, after the Word " Realm," L. 71. these Words, " and, Speaker of the House of Commons Which were Thrice read, and agreed to by the House.

A Proviso was offered to be added to the Bill, to exclude the Bishop of Durham his Nominating a Clerk of , the Peace: And the aa«e was twice read,

Vo 1. X.

L. 4-

in." L.

Instead of the Word ' " at," insert the Word

7. Instead of the Word " Challengers," insert the Word " Challenges."

Ii L. 22.

126

8‘-

Maii.

A- 1689.

' L. 22. Between the Words, " what," and " his," insert the Word " was."

The Bill, so amended, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill, so amended, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Guise do carry the Bill up to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House to the Bill, with the said Amendments; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Conference Sir Henry Hobart acquaints the House, That he having

with Lords. been> according to their Order* at the Lords, to desire a Conference, they do agree to a Conference immediately in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare Reasons to be offered at the Conference, be the Managers of the said Conference.

The Managers went to the Conference, accordingly.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Conference with the Lords, That the Persons, appointed to manage the same, had delivered their Reasons, why they do disagree with the Lords in the said Amendment to the said Bill.

Rights of the A Bill for establishing the Articles, presented by the Subject, and Lq^s and Commons to their Majesties, and for settling xhe Crown. ° the Crown, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Proviso- was offered as a Rider, to be made Part of the Bill; and was read a First and Second time; and is as follows:

" Provided always, and it is hereby Declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act is intended to be drawn into Example, or Consequence, hereafter, to prejudice the Right of any Protestant Prince or Princess, in their hereditary Succession to the Imperial Crown of these Realms."

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Proviso, by leaving out the Word "'hereafter," and insert, instead thereof, these Words, " after the Limitations herein mentioned."

The Question being put, That the same be so amended, accordingly;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put';

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{^' Audtor^m}>«

afterwards, at the End of the Bill, to add these Words,

" and the same are, by their said Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, Declared, Enacted, and Established, accordingly And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do pass:

And that the Title be, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and the Settling the Succession of the Crown.

Ordered, That Sir George Treby do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Meredith;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to Annulling acquaint this House, That they do agree to the Amend- Sidney's ments proposed by this House to the Bill for the An- ttaln er’ nulling, and making void, the Attainder of Sidney, Esquire: And,

That they do wave their Amendments to the Bill for Disarming the Disarming of Papists. Papist*.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to Abbmgdon the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ for the ’ n Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abbingdon in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Committees.

Ordered, That the Report touching the Breach of Pri- Privilege, vilege between Sir Rich. Temple and Mr. Palmes be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jervis, 9° d Mail; i° Willielmi et Marine.

Prayers.

Tellers for the Noes /Mr’ tVm'

lellers for the Noes, ^Hm

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question was put, That the Proviso be read the Third time;

And it passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, to be made Part of the Bill; and was twice read; and is as followeth;

" And be it further Declared and Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after this present Session of Parliament, no Dispensation, by Non obstante, of or to any Statute, or any Part thereof, shall be allowed; but that the same shall be held void, and of no Effect; except a Dispensation be allowed of in such Statute. Provided, That no Charter, or Grant, or Pardon, before the First Day of June, 1689, shall be any-ways impeached, or invalidated by this Act; but that the same shall be and remain of the same Force and Effect in Law, and no other, than as if this Act had never been made.

Resolved, That the Clause be read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Clause, by leaving out these Words, "heretofore made;" and, instead thereof, to insert these Words, " granted before the 1st Day of June, 1689:" And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, was agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Clause, so amended, be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Press the last, L. 1st, by leaving out these Words, "And it is Hereby Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid and

.: . 2 3

A BILL for the Annulling, and making void, the Annulling Attainder of AlitiaLisle, Widow, was read the Aisle’s

t.. . 1 Attainder.

first time.

'9* Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Naturalizing of Ann Astley, and others, was Astley’s, See. read a Second time. Nat-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Fran. Russell, Mr. Christy, Sir Nevill Catlyn, Mr. Parker, Sir Ralph Carre, Sir Strickland, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Jos. Tredenham,

Sir Walter Moyle, Mr. Bromley, Mr Fenwick, Sir Philip Skippon, Sir Tho. Littleton, Pooley, Sir JVm. Honywood,

Mr. England, Mr . Arnold, Sir John Mr.

Cooke: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Supply of a defective Conveyance, made by Price’s Roger Price, of the Manor of Westbury, in the County Lsute. of Bucks, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Gtvyn, Serjeant Wogan, Sir Rob. Clayton,

Mr. Somers, Sir John Cutler, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir Temple, Sir Wm. Poultney, Sir Tho. Darcye, Sir Jos.

Tredenham, Sir Rob. Owen, Mr. Montague, Sir Rob.

Cotton, Mr. Parker, Sir James Rushut, Lord Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Foley, Mr. Parkhurst, Colonel Tipping,

Mr. Fenwick, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Bucks, Oxon, and Hertford: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered,

y ?ie

Lrave of Absence.

Bristol, &c. Courts of Conscience.

Prideaux's Claim on Lord Jeffreys.

Fa porting Leather.

Supply.

Supply Bill; Poll Tax.

1

9° — 16° M

Ordered, That Sir Edzv. Norreis have Leave to go into morrow Morning: And Sir Wm. is desired to

the Country, for Three Weeks. take Care therein.

A Bill for establishing Courts of Conscience in and Gloucester, and new building a Gaol in the City of ' Bristoll, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. Masters, Sir JVm.Blackett, Mr. Gxcyn, denham. Sir Tho Lee, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Parker, Mr. Grubb, Mr. Colt, Mr. Cooke, Mr Sir

Mr. Brewer, Sir Charles Raleigh, Sir Moyle, Air.

Arnold, Sir Wm.Honywood, Sir Mr

Sir Wm. Poultney, Sir John Cotton, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Gloucester and Somersett: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Four of the Clock in' the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber.

A Bill for charging the Manor of Dolby and Broughton with the Payment of Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, and Interest to EdmundPrideaux, Esquire, was brought in; and laid upon the Table.

Mr. Christy reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for Exportation of Leather was committed, That they had thought fit to make several Amendments therein: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were Once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and agreed unto by the House.

The Petition of the Company of Cordwainers was read.

The Petition of the Shoemakers of Northampton was read.

The Petition of the Shoemakers of Southwarke was read.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a further Supply for the Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

'Sir. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Lacon Wm.Child;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed the Bill, intituled, An additional Act to an Act, intituled, An Act for the raising Money by a Poll, aftd otherwise, towards the Reducing of Ireland, with Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

P. l. 1. 3, after "towards," add " the."

P. # 1. 17, after the Word " Act," insert the Clause [A]; for the Lords appointing Commissioners to rate themselves in respect of their Offices and personal Estates, and freeing their Persons from Imprisonments; and for appointing a Collector to receive their Assessments.

The First of the said Amendments were read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

The Second Amendment was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the House do agree ' with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Reasons, why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

And it is referred unto Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Hamden, Mr Garway, Sir Mr. Dolben, Mr. Conisby, Sir Tho. Littleton, Lord Falkland, Sir H.Capell, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Sir Christ.

Musgrave; or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to make their Report to the House To-Vol. X

Ordered, That the Bill for the additional Excise be pre- Supply Bill; sented to the House, Tomorrow Morning, by Colonel Excise.

Birch.

Ordered, That the Bill for laying a Tax upon Ground Supply Bill; Rents,' upon new Foundations, be presented to the House, Ground Tomorrow Morning, by Mr. Serjeant Wogan. Rents.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider Amount of what the Taxes for the additional Excise, and upon Taxes. Ground Rents, and for the Forfeitures of Five hundred Pounds, may amount unto.

And it is referred unto Colonel Birch, Mr. Sir

Hen. Capell, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Gilb.Clerke, Sir digate, Mr. Auditor Done, Mr. Bickerstaff Lord Digby, Mr. John Thomson, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Sir

stoph. Musgrave, Mr. Coningsby, Mr. Freeke, Mr. Papillion, Sir Wm. Pinsent, Mr. Hamden, Lord Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Grey, Sir Wm Sir Hen. Gosse, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir ll. Onslow, Mr Lord

Falkland, Mr. Garway, Sir Tho.Littleton, Mr. Sacheverell,

Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Leveson Goicre, Mr. Harbord, Sir

John Cotton, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Russell, Mr. And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in

the Speaker’s Chamber; and to make their Report to the

House, with all convenient Speed.

Resolved, That this House do, Tomorrow Morning, Ways and at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mean8, whole House, to consider of a Way of raising the Monies already voted by the House, and to proceed further in Consideration of the Supply for the Navy.

Ordered, That the Report, touching the Breach of Pri- Privilege, vilege between Sir Rich. Temple and Mr. Palmes, be made upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- New Windsor vileges and Elections, touching the Election for Nero Elect’0D* Windsor, be made upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, touching Richard Privilege. Janeway, be resumed Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 10* die Mail; i° Willielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do grant his War- NewSarum rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ.

Writ for the Electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of NewSarum in the County of in the room of Gyles Eyres, Esquire, now One of the Justices in the Court of King's Bench.

Ordered, That Mr, Speaker do grant his Warrant to Northamp-the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ for the tonshire Electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Wnt' Parliament for the County of Northampton, in the room of Edward Harby, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of the Merchants, Drapers, and Mercers, Aulnage Warehouse-men and Retailers of the Woollen Manufac- Duty* tures in the City of London, was read; complaining, That the Duty of Aulnage is received of them who are Buyers and not Makers of Stuffs, by the Aulnagers, as the Petitioners conceive, contrary to Law: And, that there is great

Abuses

io8 i of Maii.

Abuses in the said Aulnagers and Deputies; who come into the Shops and Warehouses of the Petitioners, and seize1 and carry away their Goods, under Pretence that the Subsidy of Aulnage is not paid; and force the Petitioners to exorbitant Compositions, and to allow them yearly Bents; which is no Advancement to the Crown, but an Oppression to the Petitioners, and an Obstruction to Trade.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom ..... divers Clothiers of the County of Gloucester, complaining of divers Abuses committed by the Aulnagers, was the Fifteenth of March last referred; to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Aulnage A Petition of the Bay and Say-makecs in

Duty‘ Sudbury, Long MelfordCavendish, Booking, Brantree,

Coggishall, and other adjacent Towns in the Counties of Esses and Suffolkc, in the Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Bay and Say-makers within those Places, was read; thereby setting forth. That the Petitioners, making great Quantities of Bays and Says, have, of late Years, been greatly oppressed by the Officers of the Office of Aulnage, who have seized their Bays and Says, and made them pay Monies for Seals, and other Things, to the great Discouragement of the Trade, and Impoverishment of the Petitioners: Whereas, that Trade was not used in England, till the latter End of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, and was brought in by Dwho, by their Industry, improved it: So that, at the making the Acts for Aulnage, no such things were made, and so cannot be liable to the Impositions laid by those Acts; and that Office is altogether useless, for that no Persons do search or measure any Cloaths, for which the Office was anciently constituted: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Clothiers of the County of Gloucester, complaining of divers Abuses committed by the Aulnagers, was the Fifteenth Day of March last referred; to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Pridtamt’a A Bill for to charge the Manors of Dolby and Broughton

in the County of Leicester, with the Payment of Fourteen Lo Je reys. thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, and Interest, to Edm. Prideaux, Esquire, was read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Speke’s A Petition of George Speke, Esquire, was read; setting

Prosecution, forth,' That he being, about Four Years since, accused for several treasonable Practices, an Information was preferred by Mr. Burton and Mr. Graham, in Hillary Term 1685, against him; to which he pleaded Not-guilty: And that, after Issue was joined and entered upon the Roll, in order to a Trial, they, finding several Mistakes, persuaded Justice Hollmcay to give an Order in his Chamber, in the Vacation Time, without Rule Of Court, or Consent, that the Clerk of the Crown Should alter the Record in several Things contrary to Law and Practice of the Court: And that thereupon, the Petitioner was tried, and convicted, and lined Two thousand Marks: And that Mr. Burton, Mr. Graham, and their Agents, designing to extort a greater Sum, procured some indigent Persons, by Menaces of taking away their Lives, and by Promises of great Rewards, to swear against his Wife: And that, thereupon, a Rill of High Treason wa6 found against her: And afterwards, upon a Proposition of Payment of Five thousand Pounds for the King’s Pardon for the Petitioner and Family; and, if refused, Threats of his being indicted also; the Petitioner thought fit to pay the Five thousand Pounds: All which were, to the Petitioner’s Damage, above Ten thousand Pounds: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief therein.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter of the Fact of the Petition, and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Colt, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. R Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Ell-

svell, C olonel Tipping, Sir Sir

Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Arnold, Lord Falkland, Sir

neywood, Mr. Cefungsby, Sir Robert Coitm, Sin Thomson, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Fpnvkh, Sir Fra.

Russell, Mr. Niccolls, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir Sir Philip Skippon, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Tho. Foley j mid all the Members that serve for the Counties of and Dorset: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock: and are impowered to send for Persona, Papers, and Records: And they are to make Report to the House, with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That Mr. James Russell have Leave to go into Leave of

the Country, for a Month. Absence.

Ordered, That Colonel Windham have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Hobby have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

A Bill to enable Thomas Chettle to sell Lands to pay chettle’s his Debts, and provide for his Wife and Children, was Estate, brought in, and laid upon the Table.

The adjourned Debate touching the Discharge of privilege — Richard Janeway, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms a person re-attending this House, was resumed. and" d'is'

Resolved, That the said Richard Janexoay be called in charged, to the Bar, and receive a Reprimand from the House; and then be discharged out of Custody, paving his Fees.

And he v'as brought in to the Bar, and received a Reprimand from the Speaker accordingly.

A Petition of Eduard Barradell, and others, in the Privilege —

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending the House, Peiitiou frnm

was presented to the House. Persons m

4 custody.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider of a Way of raising the Monies already voted by the House, and to proceed further in the Consideration of the Supply for the Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they, having taken the said Matters into their Consideration, had agreed upon a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed*:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Subsidy be granted to their Majesties, of Twelve-pence in the Pound, for One Year, upon all Lands and Houses in the Cities, Boroughs, and Towns, according to the present true intrinsick value: As, likewise, Twelve-pence in the Pound for One Year, according to the true yearly Profit, upon all personal Estates, other than Household Goods and Stock upon Land; and also, upon Offices and Employments of Profit, other than Military Offices in the Army and Navy.

The said Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That a Subsidy be granted to their Majesties, of Twelve-pence in the Pound for One Year, upon all Lands and Houses in Cities, Boroughs, and Towns, according to the present true intrinsick Value; As, likewise, Twelve^ pence in the Pound for One Year, according to the true yearly'Profit, upon all personal Estates, other than Household Goods and Stock upon Land; and also, upon Offices and Employments of Profit, other than Military Offices in the Army and Navy.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

And then the House adjourned till To-moirrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

V

iW.^M. i°

Sabbat/, 11* die Maii j l*Willelmi et Mariae.

Praters.

Astir;’*, &c. A/TR. papillionreports from the Committee to whom "* J.VX the Bill for N aturalizing Ann Astley, and others,

was referred, That they had thought fit to make several Amendments therein: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill of Resolved, That this House do, on Tuesday Morning next,

n enmity. R|even of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Heads for a Bill of Indemnity; and nothing to intervene.

Esute!* A Bill to enable Tho. Chet tie to sell Lands, and provide

for his Wife and Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Brereton have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

Ipswich Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to issue forth a new- Writ, for the

Fleeting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ipsxcicin the County of Suffolke, in

the Room of Peyton Ve Esquire, now One of the Judges of the Court of Common 1 leas.

Mail 129

brought in, to increase the Number of Wardens and Assistants in Norfolke and to Twenty-four

Wardens and Forty Assistants, or to such Number as the House shall think fit.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for regulating the Abuses in the Measures of Worsted Stuffs.

And it is referred unto Mr. Con'msby, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Blentfeild, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Catelyn, Mr.

Paul Foley, Mr. Parker, Lord Falkland, Mr. Christy, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Patience Ward, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Done, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Papi/lion, Mr. England, Mr. Newport, Mr.

Mr. Deane, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Colt, Mr. Hamden, Sir Wm. Poultney, Mr. Burrard; and all the Members that serve for the County of Norfolke and Suffolke, and City of London: And they are to meet on next, at Four of the

Clock, in the Duchy Chamber: And they are to examine the Matter of the said Petitions; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, with all convenient Speed.

A Motion being made, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Licensing Hackney Coaches, is referred, may consider of a Regulation of Hackney Coaches within Fifteen Miles of the City of London, and coming to the said City.

Resolved, That it be referred to the said Committee, to consider of a Regulation of such Hackney Coaches accordingly.

Hackney

Coache*.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrard have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Fletcher have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

leave of Ordered, That Colonel Berkly have Leave to go into Absence. the Country, for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Colonel Deane have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Colonel have Leave to go

into the Country, for Three W'eeks.

Ordered, That Sir Whave Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Measures of A Petition of divers Wholesale and Retale Mercers, hi'ilto.10*1 Salesmen, and others, in Behalf of themselves, and all other

u Dealers in Aone/c/sStutfs, was read; setting forth, That

the said Commodities, called Norwich Stulls, by Act of Parliament made 7 Edxc. IV. ought to contain Thirty Yards in Length to every Piece: But that since that, and to this Time, the Weavers or Makers of the said Stuff have violated the said Act, by putting Tickets upon every Piece Tw enty-eight Yards utmost Content, and imposing the same upon the Buyer at that Rate; and that, in truth, the same are generally but Twenty-five, Twenty-six, or Tw enty-seven Yards: And praying that an Office may be erected, by Act of Parliament, for the City of and County of Norfolke, for the due Measuring of all such Stuffs.

Also a Petition of the W ardens and Assistants of the Company of Worsted-weavers of Norwich was read; setting forth, That since the Making the Statute of 14 Car. II. intituled, An Act for regulating the Making of Stulfs in Norfolke and whereby Twelve War-

dens and Thirty Assistants were to be yearly chosen, and duly sworn, in such manner as that Act directs, well and truly to survey, measure, and Seal, all such Stulls made in the said City and County, under the said Regulation as be well and sufficiently made; the Traders in the said Stuffs have grown so numerous, that the Number of the said Wardens and Assistants, appointed by the said Act, are too few for surveying and measuring the said Stuffs; by which means, many defective Stuffs have been packed up, and sent up to London, before the same have been searched or viewed: And praying that a Bill may be Vol. X.

The Right honourable the Marquis of Winchester in- Privilege — forming the House, That Peter Barradell, who was in Peri0ns dis' Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, lr°m

for a Breach of Privilege in arresting Mr. Michael East a Servant to his Lordship, had made his Submission to his Lordship; and therefore prayed, that he may be discharged out of Custody.

Resolved, That the said Peter Barradell be discharged out of Custody, paying his just Fees.

The Right honourable the Marquis of Winchester informing the House, That Archibald Sparke, who was in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Priv ilege in arresting Mr. ATichael East, a Servant to his Lordship, had made his Submission to his Lordship; and therefore prayed, that he may be discharged out of Custody; '

Resolved, That the said Archibald Sparke be discharged out of Custody, paying his just Fees.

The Right honourable the Marquis of Winchester informing this House, That Robert Lambert, who was in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege in arresting Mr. Michael East, a Servant to his Lordship, had made his Submission to his Lordship; and therefore prayed, he may be discharged out of Custody;

Resolved, That the said Robert Lambert be discharged out of Custody, paying his just Fees.

The Order of the # Instant, for the Calling over the Call of the House this Day, was read. House.

And a Motion being made, That the Calling over of the House be adjourned to a farther Day;

The Question was put, That it be adjourned;

And it passed in the Negative.

The House was then, according to their Order, called over; and the Defaulters noted down: And afterwards the Defaulters w'ere called over again; and such as made Default again, were noted down.

The House then proceeded to call over the names of such Members as had the Leave of the House to go into the Country, without anytime set for their Return; and before the Order of the House was made for ascertaining

K k a Time

130

11° — 130 Man. A. 1689.

a Time for the Return of such Members as Should ask Leave to go into the Country; and also, such as had Leave, pursuant to such Order:

And the House took Notice, That some of such Members were not yet returned, as had Leave without a Time set for their Return; and also, that several had staid beyond the Time given them.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as have had Leave to go into the Country, without any Time set for their Returning, do return to the Service of the House within a Fortnight: and that the Clerk of the House do send this Order to them; to the end they may have Notice thereof.

Ordered, That all such Members who had a certain Time given them to go into the Country, do return in Ten Days next.

Members The House finding, that several of the Members re-v>ho have not turned by the Clerk of the Crown, had not, as yet, taken taken Oaths. Oath appointed by the Act of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for preventing; and, particularly, that Charles Lord Fanshaw Burgess for the Borough of Mitchell in the County of Cornwall, and Sir Henry Mom-son, Baronet, Citizen for the City of although

they were resident in or about the City of London, had absented themselves from the Service of the House, ever since the Oaths were enjoined to be taken; and others of them were detained in the Country by Sickness;

Ordered, That Charles Lord Viscount who

serves in this present Parliament as a Burgess for the Borough of Mitchell in the County of be summoned to attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Baronet, who serves

in this present Parliament as a Citizen for the City of Lincolne, be summoned to attend this House on Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That the Clerk of the House do send a Letter to such other Members of the House, as are in the Country, who have not taken the Oaths appointed by the said Act of Parliament; signifying to them, That the House expects their Attendance, with all convenient Speed; and that they will intimate the Time, when they will come to attend the Service of the House.

Royal Assent A Message from the King, by Sir ThomaGen-

10 Bl 8‘ tleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker and the House went to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That his Majesty had given the Royal Assent to several Bills; viz.

An Act for the better securing the Governmertt by disarming Papists, and reputed Papists.

An Act, that the Simoniacal Promotion of One Person may not prejudice another.

An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a certain Act in this

?resent Parliament, for the amoving Papists from the /ities of London and Westminster.

An Act for the Naturalization of Henry de Nassau, and others.

An Act for annulling, and making void the Attainder of Algernoon Sidney, Esquire.

Absentees on Ordered, That all such Members of the House, as go Leave to into the Country with the Leave of the House, do leave

pay 5 Five Shillings for the Poor with the Clerk of the House.

Resolved, That the Bill for Toleration be read a Second Dissenters time on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock; Toleration. and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 13* die Maii. i° Wiilielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Sir Thomas Rowe, Knight, was Middlesex read; setting forth, That the Justices of the Peace for Workhouse, the County of Middlesex, in 16S5, set up a great publick Building, at the charge of the County, for a Workhouse for the Reception and Provision of poor Orphans, and Parish Children; and that it was fitted and prepared by the Petitioner, and others; and by them maintained for Three Years and upwards; but, in regard, there is no Endowment, norcertain Constitution, to encourage charitable Persons to contribute thereunto, the House and Charity are not promoted and increased, as otherwise they might; and praying the Consideration of the House, and Leave to bring in a Bill for establishing the Charity.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for establishing the Courts of Conscience in wark, Westminster, the lower Hamlets, and Out Parishes,

were referred, to examine the Matter of the said Petition, and report the same, with their Opinions, to the House:

And that, for that Purpose, the said Committee be revived, and do sit this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And that Mr. Antony Row and Sir Matthew Andrews be added to such Committee:

And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Brewers of London, Excise, against the Bill for the additional Excise, was read.

But it was withdrawn; as being improper before any Bill brought in.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Colchester establishing a Court of Conscience at Colchester. Court of

Conscience.

Robert Shaw took the Oaths, in Order to his Naturalization.

A Bill to enable Thomas Chettle Esquire, to sell Lands chetile's to pay his Debts, and make Provision for his Wife and Estate. Children, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Grubb, Mr. Freke, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. ridge, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Mr. Sand-

ford, Sir Wm. Honyxcood, Mr. Christy, Sir Knight,

Major Manly, Sir Walter Moyle, Mr. Auditor Done,

Lord Castleton, Sir Fran. Russell, Mr. Blake, Sir Wm.

Poultney, Mr. P. Foley, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Harries,

Mr. Boyle, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Ogden, Mr. and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Dorset and Wilts:And they are to meet Tomorrow in the After-

noon, in the Speakers Chamber: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Colchester establishing a Court of Conscience at Colchester. Court of

Conscience.

Ordered, That the Lord Norreis have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

Call of the Ordered, That the House be again called over on Mon-House. day Fortnight next.

Absentee# Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending the e. i: out House do take into Custody such Members of the House,

L'- - e- as shall go into the Country without Leave of the

House.

Ordered, That Sir George Willoughby have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Gosse have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Mr. Freke have Leave to go into the Country for a Week.

- Ordered,

Leave of Absence.

>*aval

Officers net qualifying.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Private Bills.

Leave of Absence.

Westminster, Ac. Courts of Conscience.

A Member, declining to take Oaths, i* discharged*

Lincoln Writ.

Orphans of London*

iW.^M. 130 — 14° Mail 131

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hart have Leave to go into the Country, for Ten Days.

Ordered, That Colonel JValrond have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Forfeitures of such Sea Officers as have not time to take the Sacrament before they go: And that Mr. Attorney General do take care of the Bill.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Twelve-pence in the Pound, for One Year, upon all Lands and Houses in Cities Boroughs, and Towns, according to the present true intrinsick Value: As, likewise, Twelve-pence in the Pound, for One Year, according to the true yearly Profit, upon all personal Estates, other than Houshold Goods, and Stock upon Land; and also, upon Offices and Employments of Profit, other than Military Offices in the Army and Navy: And that Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do take care of the Bill.

Ordered, That no more private Bills be brought into the House, during the Sitting of the Parliament, other than such as are already ordered.

Ordered, That the Lord Brandon have Leave to go into the Country, being so directed by his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for Establishing Courts of Conscience in Southwarke, Westminster, and Tower Hamlets, and Out Parishes, be made on Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

The House being informed, That Sir Henry Mounson attended, according to the Order on Saturday last;

Resolved, That he be called in; and tendered the Oaths and Declaration directed to be taken, made, repeated, and subscribed, by the Members of the House.

He was called in accordingly; and came up to the Table: And Mr. Speaker acquainted him, That the House had taken Notice that he had been about the Town a considerable time; but yet did not attend the Service of the House: And that he had Directions to tender him the Oaths, and the Declaration.

Whereupon, Sir Henry Mounson said, That he was 6orry, that, for some Reasons, he could not comply to qualify himself to sit in the House: But that those Reasons would no way incline him to disturb the Government; and that he submitted himself to the House.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That Sir Henry Mounson be discharged from being a Member of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue forth a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Lincolne, in the room of Sir Henry Mounson, Baronet, who is discharged' from being a Member of the House.

The House then, according to the Order of the #, resolved itself into a Committee, of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London.

Resolved, That the Chartiberlaln of the City of London Lands lb? do bring in, upon Tuesday next, a Particular of what the Ci j>bai» of Lands are, which are proposed to be sold by the City of London* London; and whether in Possession or Reversion; and what the Value will amount unto; and also, a Particular of the Incumbrances and Charities chargeable upon the City; and of the Lands to be set out for their Satisfaction} and their Values.

The House being informed, That the Lord Faxishaw Member, attended at the Door, according to the Order of declining to

l,,f . ® take Oaths,

10019 discharged*

Resolved, That he be called in; and tendered the Caths 6 and Declaration, directed to be taken,- made, repeated, and subscribed, by the Members of the House.

He was called in accordingly; and came up to the Table: And Mr. Speaker acquainted him, That the House had taken Notice that he had been about the Town a considerable Time; but yet did not attend the Service of the House: And that he had Direction to tender him the Oaths and Declaration.

Whereupon, the Lord Fanshawe said, That it was true, he had been about Town a great while indeed; but had been in the Country, if his Health would have permitted him; but that he had been in a strict Course of Physick, and was in the same Condition still of Physick and Diet: But, however, that since he was absent, there was an Act of Parliament passed, for taking the Oaths and he was not qualified to sit in the House, in regard he was not satisfied to take the Oaths; and therefore he could not appear.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That the Lord Fanshaw be discharged from being a Member of the House.

And there being a Petition in, touching the Election, the granting a new Writ was respited.

A Motion being made, That the Cause before the Thetford Committee of Privileges and Elections, this Afternoon, Election, touching the Borough of The fjord in the Counties of A orfolke and Suffolkx, may be put off for some further

Time;

The Question was put, That the same be put off accordingly;

And it was resolved in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Forster, Sir Wm. Blackett, Sir Army

Carre, Sir Rob. Happier, be added to the Committee to Arrears, whom it is referred to examine and report the Matter touching the Officers and others who served on and cloathed the Army in 1679.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 14* die Maii;

1° Willielmi et Marise.

P Jt A T e r s.

A BILL for establishing a Court of Conscience at Newcastle Newcastle was read the First time. Court of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Conscience.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to move, That, in order to their further Proceeding, the Chamberlain of the City of London may be directed to bring in a Particular of what the Lands are, which are proposed to be sold by the City of London; and, whether in Possession or Reversion; and what the Value will amount unto; and also a Particular of the Incumbrances and Charities chargeable upon the City; and of the Lands to be set out for their Satisfaction; and their Values.

Vol. X.

Ordered, That Mr. Sanders have Leave to go. into the of Country, for a Month. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir John Morgan have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Darcy have Leave to go into the Country, for a Week.

Ordered, That Sir Edw. Blacket have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Mr. Dcdben have Leave to go into the , Country, for a Week.

A Petition

'Prideaux’s Claim on LordJeffreys.

Chettell’s

Estate.

Recovery of Tjrthsf.

Leave of Absence.

New Windsor Election.

13a

14* Mail. A. 1689.

A Petition of Sir. Henry Pollexf Lord Chief Justice of

the Court of Common Pleas, Sir Robert Clayton, Knight, Doctor James Jeffreys, Edward Jennings, Esquire, and Thomas Coulston, Merchant, Trustees for the Creditors and

Children of the late Lord Jeffryes, was read; setting forth, That they being informed that a Bill is brought into this House, for charging the Estate of the said Lord Jeffryes, in the County of Leicester, with the Payment of the Sum of Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds to Edmund Prideaux, Esquire, with Interest for the same;

and praying to be heard, by Counsel, at the Bar of the Hoose (in pursuance of the Trust reposed in them), to offer Reasons against the Bill;

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the Bill is read the Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Done be added to the Committee to whom the Bill to enable Mr. Chettell to sell Lands, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children, are referred.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Christy, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Blake, Mr.

Lord Falkland, Sir Fra. Russell. Sir T/10. JJttleton, Sir Wynne, Mr. Dalben, Mr, Waller, Mr. Etterick, Sir

Moyle, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Tho. Mr.

Mr. Herle, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Cooke, Sir Rob. Dovers, Sir Wm. Honywood, Mr. Hellicr, Mr. Parker, Sir Philip Skippon, Mr. Boyle, Sir Poultney, Sir Wm. Cooke, Colonel Birchs Sir Edw. Askue, Sir Thomson, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Tho. Barnadiston: And all that come to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, That they consider of, and bring in a Clause, that there be a Remedy for the Levying the Rates for Repair of Churches, by Direction of the Justices of Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmer have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, for his Health.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks, was referred, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing; and was read at the Clerk’s Table, as followeth:

Upon the Petition of Sir AlgernooKnight, against

Sir Christopher Wren, touching the Election of New Windsor in the County of Berks, coming to be heard;

That the Question was, Whether the Petitioner, or Sir Christopher Wren, was duly elected: And the Question was grounded upon this Fact;

That, the Right of Election being in a select Number, it appeared that Sir Algernoon May had Twelve Voices, without the Mayor; and Sir Christopher Wren had Twelve Voices, with the Mayor.

And that, upon this Fact, the Committee came to Three Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Christopher Wren is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Algernoon May, Knight, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Election of Sir Christopher Wren, to be One of the Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor, is a void Election.

16

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

The Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolve;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

f Sir Tho. Littleton,

’ \ Sir Rich. Newdigate,

Teller* for the Noe

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

107.

72.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Algernoon May, Knight, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor.

Resolved, That the Election of Sir Christopher Wren,

Knight, to be One of the Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor, is a void Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to New Windsor the Clerk of the Crown, to issue forth a new Writ for the Writ, Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks; the former Election of Sir Christopher Wren being resolved by this House to be void.

The Order of the Eleventh Instant, for the House to Bill of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Indemn,t3r* consider of Heads fora Bill of Indemnity, was read.

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And a Debate arising in the House, Who Should take the Chair of the Committee;

Resolved, That Sir Thomas Littleton do take the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee of the

whole House, That they proceeded to consider what Exceptions Should be made in the said Bill; and thereupon had agreed upon a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in proceeding upon the Bill of Indemnity, the Crimes be first declared, for which some Persons shall be excepted, for Vindication of publick Justice.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That, in proceeding upon the Bill of Indemnity, the Crimes be first declared, for which some Persons shall be excepted, for Vindication of publick Justice.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquaints the House, That he had Directions from the said Committee, to move the House, that the Committee may sit again on Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That the House do, on Thursday Morning next, atTen of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Heads for a Bill of Indemnity.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom it is referred Estimate of to consider, and make an Estimate of, what the Tax of Tuxes, the additional Excise, and upon Ground Rents, and for Forfeitures, may amount unto, be revived, and do sit this Afternoon.

j

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except Committee*, the said Committee touching the Estimate.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Fast India tom paiiy.

Westminster &c. Courts of Conscience*

Fitzharris'

Case.

Leave of Absence.

Hackney

Coache*.

Leave of Absence*

Dissenters

Toleration.

Ditto.

15* Mail.

Mercurii, l5o die Mail; i* Willielmi et Alafiae. Anno Domini 1689. Praters.

RDERED, That the Committee, to whbtn the " Matter of the Petitions against the East Com* pany is referred, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

A Petition of Robert Hastings, was read; setting forth,

'that he is now Prothonotor in a Court of Record, within the Manors of Stepney and Hackny, and has so been for Eight Years; which Court holds Plea, only in Personal Actions, under Five Pounds Value: That his, Estate therein is a Freehold, for his and his Son’s Life, worth about Two Hundred Pounds per Annum communibus Annis: That the rest of his Estate lies most in Ground Rents, and new Foundations, proposed to be taxed: That he has, and was always ready to serve the Publick, being dismissed from several Commissions therein, only for refusing to take off the penal Laws and Test: And that, in case the Bill pass, for erecting a Court of Conscience within the Tmver' Hamlets, the said Prothonotor’s Place will be but of little Value: And praying, that if such Bill passed, for erecting a Court of Conscience, that his Name may be inserted as Register and Clerk thereof.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Bill for establishing Court of Conscience, in Westminster, Southxvarke, the Tower Hamlets, and Out Parishes, is reported.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Case of Mrs. Fitzharris, and report the same to the

House.

And it is referred to Mr. Hamden, Mr. Sir

Rob. Nappier, Sir Tho. Clarges, Lord Mr.

Waller, Colonel Birch, Major Manley, Sir Tho. Dyke, Colonel Mildmay, Colonel Sackvile: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir John Pelham have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr. Gee have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

A Petition of Doctor Barbon was read; setting forth, That Part of the Revenue arising by Hackney Coaches was applied towards widening the lower End of St. Martins Lane', which the Petitioner contracted with the Commissioners to do for Five thousand Pounds; and also, for Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds for a Piece of Ground to enlarge St. Martins Church Yard: That he performed the Contract, and received, at several times, several Sums, amounting to Four thousand Nine hundred Pounds: But the Act suddenly expiring, the Revenue ceased; and all the Monies, arising from the said Act, was expended upon other publick Uses; so that Eight hundred and Fifty Pounds of the Debt remains unpaid: And praying he may have the same paid out of the Revenue.

Ordered, That Mr. George Moreland have Leave to go into the Country for a Month.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Vemey have Leave to go into the Country, for Ten Days.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, was read the Second time.

Also a Bill for Liberty and Indulgence to Protestant Dissenters, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. Bull, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Hamden jun. Mr. Skinner, Sir Fran. Russell, Mr. , Sir

Vo l. X,

*33

Cooper, Mr. Boscdwen, Sir John Wyn, Sir Robert

Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Arnold, Sir.

Walter Young, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Cooke, Sir Rob. Cotton,

Mr. Hamden, sen. Sir Gilbert Clerke, Sir Christopher Musgraoe, Marquis Winchester, ;Sir Williams,

Major Wildman, Mr. Done, Sir Wm Yorke, Mr. Tho.

Foley, Mr. Reynell, Colonel Birch, Mr. P. Foley, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Ashbumham, Mr. England, Mr. A Lord Digbu, Mr» Havmore, Mr. Montague, Mr.

Sir Roger Cave, Sir Tho. Bamadiston, Sir Philip Skippon,

Sir Hen.Goodrick, Mr. Newton, Mr. EUwell, Lord Coote,

Colonel Austin, Mr. Finch, Sir Jos. Tredenham: And all that come to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

Sir Henry Capellacquaints the House, That, by reason Commission-

of the Shortness of the time to the Twentieth Instant, *rs for P°n the Commissions for all the Counties and Places, for the Tax‘ putting in Execution the Act for raising of Money by a Poll, and otherwise, for the Reducing of Ireland, cannot be got ready for the Commissioners to meet by that Day, his Majesty would issue out a Proclamation, That all Commissioners in the Act for granting a present Aid to their Majesties, Should be Commissioners to put the said Act in Execution.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Lacon Wm. Child;

Air. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Confer- Lords <)«sire ence with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the aConference. Subject Alatter of the Amendments to the Bill for enabling Lords Commissioners for the Great Seal to execute the Office of Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keepef.

Also the Lords have passed the Bill for Sale or Leasing Coventrye’* the Capital Messuage late Air. Secretary Coventrye's, in Estate. Piccadilly, without any Amendments.

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

The Alessengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the Committee to whom the Bill was referred, do manage the said Conference.

The Managers went up to the Conference accordingly.

And afterwards returned.

Sir William Williams reports from the Committee, to Lordg whom it was referred to prepare Reasons to be offered at Amendments a Conference, why this House doth not agree with the to Foil Bill. Lords in their Second Amendment to the additional Poll Bill, That they had prepared the same accordingly; and directed him to report the same to the House: \Vhich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the saipe in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Reasons for disagreeing with the Lords in the Amendment to the Bill, intituled, An additional Act to an Act, intituled, An Act for the raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the Reducing of Ireland;

WHEREIN the Lords, P. 1. 1. 27, after the Word " Act," insert a Clause, for the Lords appointing Commissioners to rate themselves in respect of their Offices, and personal Estates, and freeing their Persons from Imprisonments, and for appointing a Collector to receive their Assessments.

The Lords, by this Clause in this Bill, assume to themselves the Naming and Appointing of Persons to rate the Peers for their Offices and personal Estates, upon another Act of this present Parliament for raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the Reducing of Ireland; and insert in this Clause, That the Peers are not to be otherwise rated; and Enact in this Clause, That the Peers shall not be subjected to the Imprisonment of his or their Persons; and do therein further Declare, That the Rates and Taxes, to which the Lords and Peers of this Realm are or shall be liable by the said Act for raising Money by a Poll, shall be received by a Collector, to be nominated

Ll by

15® Mail

A. 1689.

by the Peers; which Cotiectof shall Cause the same to be . paid into hm Majesty’s Receipt of Exchequer.

The said Act for raising Money by a Poll, being an Act for the Raising and Levying of Money upon the Subjects of this Realm, for an Aid to the King and Queen, towards the Reducing of Ireland', and the Money, and Aid to be so raised and levied5 and all Money* Aids, and Taxes, to be raised or charged upon the Subjects in Parliament, are the Gift and Grant of the Commons in Parliament, and presented by the Commons in Parliament; arid are* and always have been, and ought to be, by the Constitution and ancient Course and Laws of Parliament, and by the ancient and undoubted Rights of the Commons of England, the sole and entire Gift, Grant and Present of the Commons in Parliament, and to be laid, rated, raised, collected, paid, levied, and returned, for the publick Service, and Use of the Goveriunent, as the Commons shall direct, limit, appoint, and modify the same: And the Lords are not to alter such Gift, Grant, Limitation, Appointment, or Modification of the Commons in any Part or Circumstance, or otherwise to interpose in such Bills, than to pass or reject the same for the Whole, without an)r Alteration or Amendment, though in Ease of the Subjects. As the Kings and Queens, by the Constitution and Law's of Parliament, are to take All or leave All in such Gifts, Grants, and Presents from the Commons; and cannot take Part and leave Part; so are the Lords to pass All, Or reject AH, without Diminution or Alteration.

The Lords, in this Cause, contrary to the Constitution, ancient Course, and Laws of Parliament, would enact many material Alterations in this Bill, by appointing certain Peers to be Commissioners in this Clause, to rate all Peers, without Distinction, for their Offices and personal Estates: Whereas no Commissioners are named by the Commons in this Bill, to rate any Person or Persons whatsoever; but leave it to the King to name and appoint Commissioners, as the Bill expresses. And this Clause Enacts, That Peers shall not be otherwise rated; which is exclusive of the Manner and Method of Rating by the Commons in this Bill.

And that, in a Clause inserted in a Bill, wherein the Offices and personal Estates of the Peers are no ways Rateable, taxable, or concerned, yet with relation and reference, and to govern and alter not only the Method of taxing and proceeding upon another Act, already passed in this present Parliament; but to alter that very Law' which passed by Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, without the proposed Alterations or Amendments in this Clause. (

This Clause doth further Enact an Exemption to the Persons of Peers from Imprisonments; Which may be introduefive of a Privilege to the Peers against the Prerogative of the Crown; and is certainly altogether foreign to the-Subject Matter and Provisions of this Bill.

This Clause doth also alter the said Act already passed, in the Naming of a Collector for the Peers, and in the Payment of their Rates into the Exchequer: This new Method of proceeding, if admitted, must much weaken the ancient and undoubted Rights of the Commons, in granting Aids and Supplies to foe Crown, and the Course of Parliaments in such Grants; and may turn to Precedent hereafter against the Right of Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That the said Reasons be re-committed to foe same Committee; and that they do meet this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher Musgrave, Colonel Birch, Mr. Sacheverell, be added to the said Committee.

him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered foe same in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

As to the Forfeitures;

The Committee had perused the Lists delivered in by the Members of the several Counties; and, on Examination, do find great Difficulties and Uncertainties in foe Matter; viz. Whether some, that are named, have acted in their Offices; Whether others be not insolvent, and unable to pay; Whether others have not qualified themselves; and, Whether there be not several omitted: But that, on the Consideration of the whole Matter, they came to this Resolution; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Forfeitures in the several Counties be estimated, and may produce Three hundred and Forty-eight thousand Pounds; wherein the Counties of Bedford, Devon, Lincoln, and Cardigan, are not included, there being no List brought in of those Counties.

As to foe additional Excise,

The Committee came to this Resolution; viz. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That foe additional Excise of Nine pence Barrel may produce One hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds per Annum.

That the Committee took their Measures in making the said Resolve, from foe Consideration of what Accounts they received from the Auditor and Comptroller of the Excise of the Produce in former Times.

That there was no Account kept of the additional Duty in former Time;

But in Anno 1679, the whole Excise,"1 £ s. d.

with the additional Duty, came > 585,465 14 ~ 1 / 3

to J

1680 to 601,330 14

£. j ,186,796 9 4f

That the Medium of Two Years is - 593*398 4 7r

In Anno 1681, without foe additional^ Duty, the Excise was - -J 477,047 14 4i

1682 - 489,623 10 2

£ 966,671 4 6J

That the Medium of the Two Years is - 483*335 12 3r

And this, according to the Account,"] is the Neat of the additional Duty/ 110,062 12 4i

But in regard this additional Duty may be received without any Charge but what is already the whole Charge being about Eighty-five thousand Pounds, the Committee valued it as above.

As also, that by an Account of foe Excise in London, which is esteemed near One Third Part of all England, the Medium of the Nine Years additional Duty came to Forty-one thousand Five hundred Seventy Pounds Five Shillings and Nine-pence, without Charge; which, if it were One Third, would come to One hundred Twenty-four thousand Seven hundred Ten Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence.

That the whole Excise in 1687 camel % 7*

In 16S8 - - 638,358 12 Si

£. 1,264,249 14 4

' Restoring Corporations.

Estimate of Taxes.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for restoring Corporations is referred, be adjourned till Friday next, at Four of foe Clock in foe Afternoon.

Mr. Papillion reports from foe Committee, to whom it was referred to consider and make an Estimate of what the Tax of foe additional Excise upon Ground Rents, and for Forfeitures, may amount unto, That the Committee had considered thereof accordingly, and agreed upon a Report, and several Resolutions; which they had directed 14

The Medium of these Two Years - 632,124 17 2

The Medium in 1681, 1682 - - 483*335 12 3r

So that the Excise is advanced, by foe") g 4 10 J-oppressive undueWays of levying itj 4 y r

Which when reduced, may fall again; and so foe additional Excise will hardly bring it to what it was.

As to the Ground Rents;

That foe Committee, as yet, cannot find out Means to come on any probable Grounds to make an Estimate; but they are endeavouring it, and in a Way towards it.

Ordered,

W. :&M.

15" — 16* Mali.

*35

Lists of For- Ordered, That Notice be given to the Knights of the tenures. Shire for the Counties of Bedford, Devon, Lincoln, and Cardigan, to bring in their Lists of their Forfeitures Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; A Bill for appropriating to the publick Use the Forfei- orieitures. ’ tures of Five hundred Pounds, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be/revived,

Irish Ordered, That the Report . ., to whom the Matter

Protestants, relating to the Irish Protestants was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tormorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 16° die Mail;

»° Willielmi et Marias. \ ,

Prayers. 1

Wye.fcc. flRDERED, That the several Petitions touching Navigation. the Rivers tVyc and Lugg in the County of Hertford, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the said Rivers navigable, was referred.

Ilele’sEstate. A Billto enable Trustees to grant Leases of the Estate of Richard Hole, Esquire, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Guy it, Major E.Vincent, Mr. Cary, Sir Rob. Cotton, Lord Fulk-; land, Sir John Wyn, Mr. Fapillion, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Boucher Wray, Mr. Carter, Sw Walter Moyle, Captaiq Jrmccnt, Mr. Howard, Mr. Mr. Kendall, Mr. Tho.

Foley, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Windham, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornewall:And they are to meet Tomorrow

in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Westminster A Bill for Paving the Streets at IV and other

Paving. Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, was read the First time:

Resolved, That the Bill do lie upon the Table, till the Bill for Licensing Hackney Coaches, be reported.

Leave for Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Howard have leave to at-Member to tend the House of Lords, to be examined as a Witness attend Lor . touching the Matter of the Earl of Death.,

East India A Petition of Martha Bolton, Widow, was read; setting

Company, forth, That in 1679 Thomas Bolton, the petitioners Hus-t band, went in the East India Company’s Service to St.

Hellena, and lived there as a Freeman: That in 1684, a Dispute happening between the Deputy Governor and Inhabitants, about owning themselves Subjects to the Company, or King of England; thereon, the Governor wrote to the Managers of the Company here, and they procured a Commission from King James, to try the etitioner’s Husband, and others, in a Court Martial; which they so did; and there condemned and executed the Petitioner's said husband; together with John Cole-

son, Job Jewster, and Edveard Gardiner: And having so done, they seized the Prisoner's Estate, to Five hundred Pounds Value, pretending a Forfeiture to the Company; forcibly detaining her on the Island, to prevent her Complaint: And praying those concerned, in tbjp taking away her said Flusband’s Life, may be Brought -to. condign Punishment; and to receive Redress for herself and Children.

Resolved, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, on Monday Morning next: And Vo l. X.

that the Serjeant at Arms attending the House do give the East India Company Notice thereof; with a Copy of the said Petition: And that the Company do bring with them all Books and Writings relating to the Matters of the said Petition.

A Petition of Dorothy Bouyer was read; setting forth, East India That Win. Bowyer, her Son, was entertained in 1683, in Company, the Company’s Service as a Soldier at St. Hellena; and that Robert Helding, having traiterously endeavoured to withdraw the Inhabitants from their Allegiance to the King, to that of the Company, whs accused thereof to Major John Blackmore, Governor,-by Allen Denneson; but the Governor, confederating in the Design, imprisoned the Accuser: That the Inhabitants of the Island conjoined in their Request to the Governor, for the releasing Denneson; but, instead of an Answer, he commanded Tw o great Guns to be fired against them, killing Three Persons, and wounding Fourteen: That those that escaped (whereof the Petitioner’s Son was One) went to their own Houses:

And next Night he was seized and imprisoned, with one Clerke; and, about Three Months after, w ere illegally condemned by the Governor, and both executed the One-and-thirtieth January 1684: And praying the Managers of the East India Company might appear, to make out such their Proceedings in judging and executing her said Son.

Resolved, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, on Monday Morning next: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give the East India Company Notice hereof; with a Copy of the said Petition: And that the Company do bring with them all Books and Writings relating to the Matters of

the said Petition.

Sir Joseph Tredenham reports from the Committee, to irjsj, Whom it was referred to consider of the distressed Condi- Protestant*, tien of the Protestants fled lrom Ireland, and of a. Way how they may he relieved, That the Committee had been attended by many of the Nobility, Clergy, and Gentry fled from Ireland, and others; and had collected the Names of such Persons as w ere fled, according to the best Information they could get, ... of the Estates those Persons had left behind them, and were now disposed of; and had made an Alphabetical Table of the Names, and of the Sums of Money the Committee, thought fit Should he allowed them for their Subsistence for a Year; which the Committee had directed him to deliver in to the House: And that the Committee had also come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table:

Where they w ere read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That the House be moved, That an Address may be presented, to acquaint their Majesties with the great Zeal which the Nobility and Gentry, fled from Ireland, express for the Preservation of their Religion, and his Majesty’s Service: And to pray, that such of them as are desirous and fit to bear Arms, may be listed and employed in his Majesty’s Service, for reducing that Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, That an Address be presented to his Majesty, that such Part of the Stock w Inch the late King hath in the East India and Guinea Companies, as remains undisposed of, be forthwith sold and distributed amongst the Irish Nobility and Gentry, for their present

Subsistence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, That an Address be presented to his Majesty, to issue forth his Royal Proclamation, requiring all Papists beyond the Seas, who have Estates in England, to return within Days: And the Estates of ' such of them &S are actually in Arms against his Majesty be seized into the King’s Hands, for the Relief of the Nobility and Gentry who are fled from Ireland, and deprived of their' Estates there.

Th®

I $6 .16s — 1.7 °Mau. A. 1689.

The Fifst of the said Resolves being tead a Second time;

Resolved, That an Address be presented, to acquaint their Majesties with the great Zeal which the Nobility and Gentry, fled from Ireland, express for the Preservation of their Helicon, and his Majesty’s Service: And to pray, that such of them as ate desirous, and fit to bear Arms, may be listed and employed in his Majesty’s Service, for reducing that Kingdom.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That an Address be presented to his Majesty, That such Part of the Stock which the late King hath in the East India and Guinea Companies, as remains undisposed of, be forthwith sold and distributed amongst the Irish Nobility and Gentry, for their present Subsistence.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

An Amendment being proposed, by leaving out these Words, " within Days;"

The House, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to the same.

Another Amendment being proposed, to leave out these words, " in Arms against His Majesty and, instead thereof, to insert these Wofds, " as do not give Obedience to his Majesty’s Proclamation;"

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That an Address be presented to his Majesty, to issue forth his Royal Proclamation, requiring all Papists beyond the Seas, who have Estates in England, to return: And that the Estates of such of them, as do not give Obedience to his Majesty’s Proclamation, be seized into s the King’s Hands, for the Relief of the Nobility and Gentry who are fled from Ireland, and deprived of their Estates there.

Resolved, That it be referred to the same Committee to prepare an Address to his Majesty, upon the Resolutions aforesaid.

Sir Joseph Tredenham also reports, That he had Directions from the said Committee to acquaint the House, That he had Notice, that there are divers other Persons come over since the said Lists were agreed upon, who do well deserve also to be considered by the House; and that the Duke of Ormond was not at all considered in the said List

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That, in the said Address, his Majesty be desired particularly to take into Consideration the Condition of the Duke of Ormond; and also, That he will please to consider of the rest of the Nobility and Gentry fled from Ireland, not mentioned in the said List.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton, Alderman Mane-ring, Mr. Norreis, Mr. Montague, Sir Edward Harley, Colonel Whitley, be added to the said Committee.

Orphans of Sir Peter Rich, Chamberlain of the City of London, (pur-

London, &c. suant to the Order of the Thirteenth Instant) delivered in several Accompts relating to the City; viz.

An Account of the'Value of the Lands proposed by the City to be sold, and the Charities charged thereupon; and of Rents reserved to secure such Charities.

An Abstract of the Monies the Chamber of London is indebted to the Orphans and Widows, under General Totals; with the Particulars of some such Generals.

Bill of ’ The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole

Indemnity. House, according to the Order of *, to proceed further in the Consideration of Heads for a Bill of Indemnity. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littletontook the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee of the whole House, That, they have taken the Matter into their Consideration; and had made some further Progress in the said Heads: And that they had directed him to move, That they might sit again Tomorrow,

Resolved, That this House do, bn Saturday Morning, ttext, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of Heads for a Bill of Indemnity.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 17* die Man; t* Willielmi et Mari*.

P a A V E R 8.

A PETITION of William Flathers, a Prisoner in Privilege — the Gatehouse, by Order of the House, was read; ac- Petition from knowledging his sorrow for his Offence; and submitting to *-,get^n in the House; and begging their Pardon therein.

Resolved, That the said William Flathers be discharged of his said Imprisonment.

A Bill for Naturalizing AnneAsiley, and others,... read -Astley’*, See. the Third time. NaU

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving the Name of Edw. Harvey, an Infant, out of the Bill, in respect that his Friends do refuse to pay the Fees for the Bill.

Resolved, That the Name of the said Harvey

be left out of the Bill.

And the Bill being amended accordingly at the Table;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for Naturalizing of Anne Astley, and others.

Ordered, That Mr. Papillion do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant, for witnesses the Summoning of Witnesses to attend at the Bar of this to be House, on Monday Morning, to give their Testimony summone<1-touching the Matter upon the Petition of Martha Bolton,

Widow, against the East India Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant, for the Summoning of Witnesses to attend at the Bar of this House, on Monday Morning, to give their Testimony touching the Matter upon the Petition of Dorothy Bowyer,

Widow, against the East India Company.

The Accompts delivered in Yesterday by Sir Peter Rich Orphans of were read. London.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Relief of the City Orphans is referred, to consider of the said Accompts, when they shall proceed in the Consideration of the Bill.

A Bill for settling of Measures of Com and Grain, was Measures of read the Second time. Corn, &c.

Resolved, That it be committed to Mr. Boscozvcn, Sir Matth. Andrewes, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Parker, Sir Goodrick, Mr. Carter, Mr. Ell-well, Mr. Thomson, Mr.

Carew, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Stockdale,

Sir Gilbert Clerke, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Ash, Mr. Babington,

Mr. Pelham, Colonel Birch, Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr.

Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Norreis, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Fenwick,

Mr. Christy, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Baldwyn, Sir Rob.Cotton, Mr. Blake; and all the Members that' serve for the Counties of Cornexcall,

Southampton, JVilts, and Northumberland: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee,

That a Clause be brought in for the Exportation of Corn from Berwick, but so as to prevent the Exportation of Scotch Com from thence; and also to consider of the Tolls and Dues upon Measures.

Ordered, That Mr. Pollen have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for a Fortnight. Absence.

Ordered,

1 W. & M.

17° — 18° Maii.

137

L*ave of Absence.

Supply Bill; Forfeitures.

Dissenters

Toleration.

Ordered, That Mr. Lambton have Leave to go into the Country for a Month.

The Order of for reading the Bill for appro- priating the Forfeitures of Five hundred Pounds to the Use of the Publick, was read.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, disseutingfrom the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, w as referred, That they had thought fit to make several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read in his Place: and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put' thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth;

Skin 4, 1. 31, after the Word " Teacher," and before the Word " that," insert these Words, " of any Congregation of Dissenting Protestants."

L. the 39, alter the Words " Approbation of," and before the Word, " Articles," insert these Words, " and subscribe."

Skm the 5th, 1. 21, after the Word " Act," and before the Word "provided," insert these Words, "Provided always, that the making and subscribing the said Declaration, and the taking the said Oaths, and making the Declaration of Approbation and Subscription to the said Articles, in manner as aforesaid, by every respective Person or Persons herein-before mentioned, at such General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be then and there entered of Record in the said Court; for which Six-pence shall be paid to the Clerk of the Peace, and no more."

L. 46; after the Word " Minister," and before the Word " of," insert these Words, " Preacher or Teacher."

Skin 6, 1. 9, after the Word " Shire," and before the Word " and, " insert these Words, " City, Town, Parish, Division, or Wapentake."

L. 24, after the Word County," and before the Word " and, " insert these Words, " City, Town, Part, or Division, where such Person then resides."

L. 12, after the Word " Realm," and before the Word " and, " insert these Words, " and shall subscribe a Profession of their Christian Belief in these Words: I profess Faith in God the Father, and in Jesus Christ his Eter-

Peace;" and, after the Word " whereof/ and before, the Word " is," insert the Word "respectively."

Another Amendment was proposed to be Made to the Bill, by adding a Proviso, That the Act Should continue for Seven Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill so amended" do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamden do carry up the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them with the Agreement of this House thereunto, with the said Amendments; and desire their Lordships Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer, Sir Edrv. Harley, Mr. Price* Done, Mr. Phillips, Mr, Vaughan, Mr. Paul Foley, be Estate, added to the Committee to whom the Bill for Roger Price,

Esquire, is referred.

Ordered, That the Committee to whOM it is referred Irish Pro* to prepare the Address concerning the Irish Protestants, do testanu. meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Queen’$

Court: And that Sir Walter Young, Colonel Tipping,

Mr. Eldred, Sir John Guise, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. CommiUeti.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 18’ die Mail;

1° Willielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

\ ,

AN ingrossed Bill sent down from the Lords, inti- Annulling tuled, An Act for the annulling, and making void Lisle’s At-the Attainder of Alice Lisle, Widow, was read the Second ta, nder* time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the third Time.

Ordered, That Colonel Sir Wm. Ashurst, Co- Militia,

nal Son, the true God, and in the Holy Spirit, One God lonel Tipping, Major Manley, Sir Mr.

blessed for evermore; and do acknowledge the Holy Gwyn, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred Scriptures of the Old and New Testament to be given by to prepare a Bill for rendering the Militia more effectual:

Divine Inspiration." , And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the

Skin the 8th, 1. 28, after the Words " Fifty Pounds," Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and before the Word " for," insert these Words, " to be

levied of his Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements, A Petition of the Lady Katharine and of Armstrong*

to the Use of the King and Queen’s Majesties, their Heirs Katharine, Jane, and Mary, her Daughters, was read: Claim on

and Successors."

L. 9, instead of the Word " May," insert the Word " June."

L. 11, after the Word " any," leave out the Word " such;" and insert the Words, " Cathedral or Parish Church, Chapel, or other," before the Word " Congregation."

L. 16, after the Word " Sureties," and before the Word " in," insert these Words, " to be bound by Recognizance."

L. 23. after the Words "Twenty Pounds," and before the Word, " provided," insert these Words, " to the Use

setting forth, That Sir Thomas Armstrong being unduly outlawed for High Treason in Trinity Term 1684, Execution w as illegally awarded against him by the Lord Jefferyes, and the rest of the Judges of the King's; and he was thereupon executed; and his real and personal Estate, to Twelve thousand Pounds Value, seized to the LT6e of the Crown, reducing the Petitioners to Want: Which said Prosecution w as found illegal by the Vote of this House: and praying Reparation out of his Estate, when his Attainder comes to be considered; and that the House will recommend their Condition, and the great Injustice they have suffered, to his Majesty; that he may,

Lord Jefferye*.

of the King and Queen’s Majesties, their Heirs and Sue- order such Reparations his Majesty shall think fit, out

cessors.

L. 29, after the Word " held," and before the Words, " and registered," insert these Words, " or to the Justices of the Peace, at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for the County, City, or Place."

of his Estate accruing to the Crown by such Attainder.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the Bill for charging the Manors of Dolby and Broughton in the County of Leicester, with the Sum of Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty

L. 31, after the Word " respectively," and before the Pounds to Prideaux, Esquire, is read a Second Time.

Word, " the," insert these Words, " or recorded at the

Second General or Quarter Sessions." A Petition of John Merchant, was read;

L. 32, after the Word " Register," and before the setting forth, That in Michaelmas Term 1681, an Indict* Word " whereof," insert these Words, " or Clerk of the ment of Recusancy being prepared against, the Duke of Vol. X. M ni Yorke,

Willmore*#

Prosecuioa.

Leave of Absence.

158 18° — 200 M 1689.

Yorke, the then Judges of the King's Bench prevented the bringing in the same being tried, by illegal discharging the Grand Jury then attending; and that the Petitioner, in Hillary Term following, being of the Grand Jury, brought in the Bill of Indictment, which was proved upon Oath, and found accordingly; which Procedure was afterwards stopt by a NoHprosequi:That the Petitioner was Foreman

of the Grand Jury for London, before whom an Indictment was brought against Stephen Colledge for High Treason; and, iinding the Evidence to be ill Persons, prevailed with the rest of the Juries to bring in the Bill Ignoramus; which was a Prevention to the Papists Designs at that time: That, for these and the like Services, the Petitioner is a great Sufferer: That the Petitioner was, by a Warrant from Sir Leoline Je, taken into Custody, and kept a close Prisoner; and, by a further Warrant, sent to the Tower a close Prisoner, in order to frustrate his going to Oxford to Colledge'& Trial: That the Popish Party was so vigorous against him, by prosecuting him by Information, and otherwise, that he was forced to abscond, until he came over as a Voluntier with his now Majesty; which was to his Loss the Sum of several Thousand Pounds: And praying, that the chief Persons concerned in such illegal Prosecutions and Commitments, may receive condign Punishment; and that, out of their Estates, some Satisfaction may be made to the Petitioner for his Suffering and Losses.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Matter of Mr. Speake’s Petition is referred, to examine the Matter of Fact upon the said Petition, and report the same to the House: And that Sir Thomas , Mr.

Hales, Mr. St.John, Mr. Bockland, Colonel Whit ley, Mr.

Arnold, and all the Members that serve for the City of London, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Bagott have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee of whole House, That they had proceeded further in the Consideration of the said Heads; had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they directed him to report to the House on Wednesday next.

Resolved, That the House will, on Wednesday next, receive the said Report

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Thanks of the House be given to Admiral Herbert, and by him to the Officers and Seamen in the Fleet, for the Honour and good Service they have done to the King and Kingdom in the late Expedition at Sea against the French.

Ordered, That the Papers, in the Hands of the Clerk of the House, relating to Sir James Smith, be delivered to Mr. Attorney or Mr. Solicitor General, in order to the Prosecution of the Indictment directed against Sir Smith.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue forth a new Writ for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Robert Dillington, Baronet, deceased.

A Motion being made, That the House do adjourn till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock;

The Question was put. That the House adjourn accordingly.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

fMr. H. Herbert, 1 ' '

\Mr. Windham, j

JSir 77/o. Clarges, 1 , Q

\Sir Wm. Rich, j

Army

Papists Children sent abroad.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Tredenham have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

A Bill for the better ordering the Forces of this Kingdom, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inquire what Children are sent abroad to be educated in the Popish Religion; and who have been the Occasion of send- . ing them abroad.

And it is referred to Colonel Tipping, Marquis Winchester, Mr. Machell, Mr. Finch, Colonel Birch, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Walter Young, Sir Sir

Williams, Sir Christoph.Houghton, Mr Mr. Colt, Sir

John Wyn, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Mr. Boyle, Mr.

England, Mr. Hales, Sir John Foaell, Lord Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Gxoyn, Mr. Grey, Mr. Banks, Sir Gilb.

Sir John Cotton, Mr. Somers, Mr. Niccolas, Sir Robert

Nappier, Sir John Knight, Colonel Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Hen. Hobart, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Scroop How. Mr. Hen. Herbert, Colonel Austen, Mr. Arnold, Sir, John Key, Sir Edw. Chiswell: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to make their Report to the House, with all convenient Speed.

Lords Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, Sir Tho. Clarges,

Amendments Mr. Solicitor General, Colonel Birch, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, touching the Amendments to the additional Poll Bill.

to Poll Bill.

Bill of In- The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole denjnity. House, according to the Order of #, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Heads for a Bill of Indemnity.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna,20° Mail;

i° Willielmi et Maria?.

Praters.

A PETITION of Philip Ludzcell, in the Name, and on the Behalf, of himself, and the Commons of their Majesties Colony and Dominion of Virginia, represented by the House of Burgesses, was read; setting forth, That the Plantation of Virginia is beneficial to the Nation by some Hundred thousands of Pounds yearly in its Customs: That, by arbitrary Impositions of Governors, it is greatly impoverished, and the People there much dissatisfied, to the Hazard of the Peace of the Country: And that the late Governor, by Proclamation, revived a Law formerly repealed by the General Assembly, without consulting the Inhabitants therein; and, likewise, imposed exorbitant Payments upon the People, and imprisoned several upon pretended Crimes, without bringing them to Trial, or admitting them to Bail; and denying them the Benefit of a Habeas Corpus; and suspending and turning out of all Employments, without permitting them to justify themselves: And praying the said Grievances may be taken into Consideration, for Remedy thereof.

Resolved, That the Petitioner be called in, to own the Petition; and that he hath Authority from the Colony to prosecute the same.

He was called in; and owned the same, accordingly. Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Colonel Austen, Sir John , Sir Hen. Johnson, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Gwyn, Sir John Barker, Mr . Papilion, Sir H. Ashurst, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Tayler, Mr. Montague, Mr. Jepson, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Boyle, Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. England, Mr.

Pollexfen,

Thanks to the Fleet.

Prosecution of Sir J. Smith.

Newport

Writ.

Adjourn*

menu

Virginia

Colony.

Lfave of Absence,

Newcastle upon Tyne Court of Conscience

Westminster fee. Courts of Conscience.

Speke’s

Prosecution.

East India Company,

20° — 21 0 Mail. 139

Pollcxfen, Mr. Reynolds, and all the Members that 6erve Clock in the Forenoon, to make their Defence to the for the City of London and Bristoll: And they are to Maters objected against them: And that they do then meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, produce, to this House, the Instructions given by them in the Exchequer Chamber. to Sir Jand others, relating to the Commission granted by KiuaJames the Second, in April 1685.

Ordered, That Sir Rich.Temple have Leave to go Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine, into the Country, for a Week. by what Warrant the Charters of the 35th of King N

Charles the Second; and the Charters of King James A Bill for establishing a Court of Conscience in the the Second, to the East India Company; and the Corn-Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, was read the mission to Sir John JVeybome, and others, in 1685

Second time. were obtained.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir JVim. And it is referred to Mr. Harbord, Mr. Mr.

Blackett, Mr Carter, Sir John JVyn, Mr . Burdet, Sir Sacheverell, Sir Mr.

Tho. Littleton, Sir Rob. Nappier, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Mr. Onslow, Mr. or any Three of them.

England, Sir John Cutler, Mr. Williams, Sir Gilbert

Clerke, Mr. Rebow, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Reignolds, Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, ap* Graham and , Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Fawkes, Sir Phil. Skippon, Mr. Bicker-pointed to examine into the Accounts of Mr. Graham Burton’*

staff e, Sir Edw. Blackett, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Fra. Russell, and Mr. Burton, and the Cases of the Prisoners in the AccounU*

Mr. Hunt, Sir JVm. Williams, Mr. Guyn, Sir John Barker, Tower, Newgate, and the Gatehouse, be made on Wed-

Sir Ralph Carre, Mr. Miller, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. nesday Morning next.

Parker, and all the Members that serve for the County of Northumberland: And they are to meet this Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Exchequer

Chamber. ' Order That the Chairman of the Committee of Pri- Committee

vileges and Elections do make his Reports Tomorrow ot l>rlvilegei. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Morning, at Ten of the Clock; and nothing to intervene, whom the Bill for establishing Courts of Conscience in

Westminster; Borough ot Southwarke, the Tower Hamlets, And then the House ad journed till Tomorrow

and Out Parishes, was referred, be made on Thursday , Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Sir Robert Cotton reports from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Speke, Esquire, was referred, That they had considered the same; and that, the Petition setting forth, That ah Information being preferred against the Petitioner, in Hillar Term 1685, for several treasonable Practices, Mr. Justice Holloway, at the Persuasion of Mr. Burton and Mr. Graham, after Issue was thereupon joined, and entered upon Record did, in his Chamber, in the Vacation Time, without Rule of Court, or Consent, order the Clerk of the Crown, to alter the Record in several Places, contrary to Law, and Practice of the Court; whereupon the Petitioner was tried, convicted, and fined Two thousand Marks; upon Examination of the Matter, they do not find any such Recbrd of Hillary Term: And, therefore, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That they being tied up, by the Order of the House, to the Particular Matter contained in the said Petition, they are not impowered to examine the Record of any other Term.

The House being informed, that Martha Bolton, and Dorothy Bowyer, Petitioners against the East India Company; and also, the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Company; attended, pursuant to the Order of the Instant;

They were called in; and the Petitioners desiring to have their' Counsel heard, as to their Case;

The Parties withdrew.

Resolved, That the Counsel on both Sides be called in.

And they came in accordingly.

And the Petitioners Counsel opened their Case, and produced their Witnesses, relating to the Matter of their Petition.

WThich being done, the Counsel for the East India Company prayed further Time to make their Defence.

And Copies of the Company’s Charters, and also of a Commission given to Sir John JVeybome, and others, in April 1685, to execute Martial Law, being delivered in: the Instructions sent to the said and others,

the Commissioners from the Company, and Committee thereof, were called for to be producea by the Company: But the same were not produced.

And then the Parties and Counsel withdrew.

The Copy of the said Commission, which was dated the Fourteenth Day of April 1685, was rea<f

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Ordered, That the East India Company do attend at the Bar of this House, on Friday next, at Ten of the Vol. X.

Mart is, 21* die Mali; t

1° Willielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Mallock have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

Attainder.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, Annulling An Act for annulling, and making void the Attainder of Lisle’s Alitia Lisle, Widow, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Tipping do carry the Bill up to the Lords, and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House thereunto.

A Bill for Exportation of Leather, was read the Third Exporting time. Leather.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for reviving Two former Acts for Exporting of Leather.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence thereunto.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privi-. Thetford leges and Elections, to whom the Matter, touching the Election. Election- of Burgesses, to Serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford in the Counties of Norfolke and Suffolke was referred, the State of the Case as it

appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing; and, befog read at the Clerk’s Table, is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commoners of the Borough of Thetfo in the Counties ' of Norfolke and Suffolke, against the Right honourable JVm. Harbord, Esquire; setting forth. That Sir Joseph JVilliamson was elected a Burgess for the said Borough: And,

The Petition of Adam Felton, Esquire, against Sir Francis Gibbon; setting forth, That he, the said Adam Felton, was duly elected a Burgess for the said Borough, came to be heard.

That the Counsel gave no Evidence upon the Petition Of Mr. Felton.

But, upon the Petition of the Corporation, on the Behalf of the said Sir Joseph JVilliamson, the Question arose upon the irregular Surrender of the Charter of the said Borough; the Petitioner claiming a Right under the new Charter;

Mr.

I AO li 'Mali.' # A. i6$p.

Thetford Mr. HarborJs Title being under the Did Charter, which

Election. was insisted still to remain in Force.

For the Petitioner: That the Counsel produced a Surrender of die old Charter, 30th January 1681.

For Mr. Harbord: That the Counsel agreed the Charter was surrendered, but illegally; for that one Mendham being Mayor in 1681, and his Year expired, one Mr. Hethersett was chosen Mayor, and ought to have been sworn by Mendham; but, being refused, applied himself to the Court of Bench, for a

damus, and had an Alias and Pluries; and Mendham 'wastaken into Custody for his Contempt, in not obeying 6f them: And that Mendham, at last, to get his Discharge, procured the Surrender of the Charter; and, to that End, that he might have the Pretence of the Majority of the Corporation for the said Surrender, caused his Son,' being under Sixteen Years of Age, and one Mobb, being an excommunicate Person, to receive the Sacrament, to qualify them to be of the Corporation; and that, before the Surrender was inrolled, the other Members, to the Number of about Seventeen, did all they could to prevent it.

And they called Mr. Thurston: Who said. He was at the Election Anno 1681, when Mr. Hethersett, was, by Consent of the whole Town, chose Mayor; but Mr. Mendham refused to swear him: That he knows no Objection was made against Mr. "s being unquali-

fied then; but, when the Times ran high, they trumped it up, That he was not qualified.

Mr. IVm. Crostley said, He was present when Mr. Hethersett was chose Mayor, but Mr. Mendham did not come till after the Election, and that Mr. Hetherset, with Two or Three more of the Corporation, went to Mr. Mendham to be sworn; and he refused it, but gave no Reason: That there was Seventeen of the Corporation against the Surrender, and Fourteen for it: And, that 30 Jan.* about Eight # the Sacrament was appointed, to qualify Two Persons, in order to the Surrender, viz. Mr. Mendhams Boy, being about Sixteen Years of Age, and one that was reckoned to be a

Person excommunicated; That, as to the other Seventeen of the Corporation, they were never called or summoned at the Time the surrender was agreed on.

John Cazcle, Clerk of the Parish, said. He saw Mr. Mendham come riding hastily, as he was ringing the Bell; and he ceased the Bell; and then the Doctor ordered him to get a Pint of Wine, and a Loaf, for the Communion: That, when the Communion was to be, every body went out of the Church, but Mr. Mendham and Mr. Mobb; and he was going, but the Doctor called to him, and said, He must stay, and make Three: That making Excuse of being unfit, the Doctor told him, That, as Clerk, he ought always to be prepared, and must receive it; so he staid, and received: But said, Mobb was never excommunicated, to his Knowledge.

Bidwell, Serjeant of the Town said, Mendham, came down 30 January, and s Partner asked him to take

the Sacrament; and that he telling Mobb he was not fit, Mobb told him he must; and that, afterwards, Mobb received, but did not swallow the Bread, but put it out of his Mouth: And says further, That Mobb is an Atheist.

He says, the Custom of the Corporation is, That the Common Council choose Two; and the Inhabitants choose the Mayor, of One of those Two.

« Croplcy delivered in a Paper, in the Nature of a Protestation against the Surrender of the Charter, dated 11 February 1681, and signed by Seventeen of the Corporation: He believes no body can give an Account of the Surrender, but those that were for it; the rest having no Notice of it.

For the Petitioner: That the Counsel then insisted, that Mr. Hetherset had not taken the Oaths prescribed by Statute 13 Car. II.; and so could not be a legal Mayor: And called Walter Sadler, who delivered in a Paper signed by Mr.. Hethersett, dated 24 January, 33 Car. II.; in which it was asserted, That it did not appear, by searching the Records, that Mr. Hethersett, at the Time of his being elected a Burgess, had subscribed the Declaration, and taken the Oaths, according to the Statute 130 Car. II. r

As also, an ancient Book, Wherein is an Order of 16 Sept.

33 Car. II. whereby John Wright was dismissed being W Commoner of the Borough.

Walter Sadler, being asked, If the Lord Sunderland had not sent a Letter to the Corporation‘about Electing a Mayor; denied that my Lord Sunderland wrote to that Purpose.

But Mr. Thurstone, and another Witness, testified,

There was such a Letter wrote by my Lord Sunderland, a little before last Michaelmas.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Wtn. Harbord, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for, the Borough of Thetford in the Counties of Norfolke and

Resolved, That it' is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Francis Gibbon is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford in the Counties of Norfolke and

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Wm.Harbord, Esquire, is duly elected 4

Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford, in the Counties of Norfolke and Suffolke.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-.mittee, That Sir Francis Gibbon is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Thetford in the Counties of Norfolke and Suffolke.

Ordered, That the Report, touching a Breach of Pri- Privilege, vilege between Sir Richard Temple and Mr. Palmes, be made this Day Sevennight

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privi- Lyme Real leges and Elections, to whom the Matter, touching the Election-Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament in the Borough of Lyme Regis in the County of Dorset was referred, the State of the Case, a6 it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing; and, being read at the Clerk’s Table, is as followeth;

U pon the Petition of Sir William Drake, Knight and Baronet, against John Burridge, Esquire, touching the Election of Lyme Regis in the County of Dorsett, came to be heard for the Petitioner.

That the Counsel insisted, That the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Burgesses, and Freemen at large; and that Lyme Regis was made a Borough 12 Edw. I.; and, at the same time, a Corporation; so the Corporation was co-evoq^ with the Borough: And delivered in a Copy of a Grant,

12 Edw. Imi. Quod Villa de Lyme in Com. Dors, de catero liber Burgus sit, $ quod Homines ejusdem liberi Burgenses; ita quod habednt Gildam mercatoriam.

12 Edw. IV. Sub Sigillo Major is.

30 Elizflbetha. Mayor and Burgesses elected — Return, under the Seal of Mayor and Burgesses.

1° $ 2° Phil. <§ Maria. Mayor and Burgesses elected under the Common Seal.

16 Car. Imi. Major, per majoreni Partem capital. 8$ aliorum liberorum Burgens. elegit sub Sigillo Jlfajoris.

13 Car. IIdi. Majorem cum Assensu residuorum Burgen-sium liberorum Hominum Villa predicta sub communi -Sigillo.

31 Car. II. 32 Car. II. Mayor and Burgesses, with Consent of the whole Mind, elected under the Hands of the Mayor and Burgesses, and Common Seal

It appeared, upon the Poll delivered in, That Sir Wm.

Drake had Twenty-nine Votes, with himself; and that Mr. Burridge had Thirty Votes, with himself: But it was allowed, That, of the Twenty-nine, that voted for Sir Wm. Drake, there were Five foreign Freemen; viz.

Fra. Alford, William Bragg, John Fry, and Rich*, Hcnvill.

i W. tf M. 21 M 14T

And they called

Mr. Gregory Arnold: Whosaid, } Jehad been Mayorof the Town, Anno 1663, and then came the Act of Regulations; and then he called in Sir Strode, Colonel Bishop, and others, to his Assistance, and they gave their Voices, and they have come in ever afterwards into the Common Council House, and voted for Mayors and other Officers: That Sir John Strode and Colonel Bishop were Out Burgesses, as these Five excepted against are; That he remembered Sir John Strode and Colonel Bishop have been at the Election of Parliament Men; and, to the best of his Remembrance, have voted in the Elections of Parliament Men; and, particularly, at the Election of the Lord Clarendon: That several Freeholders have come and claimed their Vote, but never were admitted nor returned: That he believed, particularly when the Sitting Member Mr. Burridge was Mayor, the Freeholders were rejected; and that Mr. Burridge made a Return by the Mayor, Burgesses, and Freemen: That whoever are free of Lyme, are free from many Tolls at Bristoll, and enjoy several Privileges there; but says, The foreign Freemen take not the same Oath with the other: That it appeared, that the Charter of LymcBcgis had been surrendered to the King.

And it was agreed, Those Acts that were done under the new Charter, to be void; and, thereupon, the Counsel for the Petitioner produced the Surrender of the Charter of the 20 Oct. 1684: And called One Bragg, a Witness; Who said, That Thomas Pitts, Thomas Fitz Jerrard, and Bobert Fouler, who polled for

Mr. Burridge, were made free under the new Charter; viz. Tho. Pitts 2 March (84), Thomas Fitz Jerrard 5 Oct. (83), Bobert Fou ler Feb. 1687: That an-

other Person that voted for Mr. Burridge, was a Freeman > by the Old Charter, but disfranchised for some Misdemeanor, and restored by the New Charter; he was disfranchised in a full Corporation, for bringing in several Things contrary to his Oath: That John Case and Matthew Sprag are Freemen of the Town of Lyme, but both live out of the Town; one Six Miles, the other Two.

For Mr. Burridge: That the Counsel insisted, That the Right of Election consisted in all Freemen of Lyme, being Inhabitants and Freeholders of the same.

The Counsel, for the Petitioner, granted, If the Freeholders had a Right, Mr. Burridge was elected.

Then the Counsel, for Mr. Burridge, produced Returns, i* Elizabeth#: Mayor, Burgesses, and Inhabitants,

elected under the Seal of the Mayor and Burgesses.

i° Maria:. Mayor, Burgesses, with Inhabitants, elected under the Common Seal.

13 Car. II. produced also by the Petitioner: And called

John Davis: Who said, He had known Lyme from a Child; and that Freeholders had giv, en their Vote; particularly Thomas Bragg, JVm. Trickey, Short, and Mincent, gave their Vote, as he thinks, at the Election of Esquire Henley and Sir John Shaw, but says, He never knew any Freeholders, or Freemen, out of the Town, admitted to vote.

Mr. Short being called, Exception was taken to him, as being a Freeholder; but, afterwards, allowed to be a Witness as to the Right of foreign Freemen; and said, He never knew any honorary Freemen demanded to vote till the last Election. \

George Brayholt said, He had known several Elections

of Mr. Henley, and others, and that Freemen and Freeholders have their Votes: That Esquire Henley made several Freeholders to that purpose: That no outlying Freemen had a Vote, to his Knowledge.

Tylhcrley said, He had been a Freeman Twenty Years: and that he has known some Freeholders come and claim their Right at Elections; and they used to cry, Up with them.

James Pitts said, He knows Spragg very well; and that Spragg had a House, in the Town, that paid to the Poors Rate: That John Case traded, as a Merchant, in the Town; but his Mother-in-law dying, he was gone to take Possession of the Estate: That Thomas Pitts was made a Freeman by the new Charter: And it being said* Vol, X.

He was not a freemanj he came to the Corporation, and desired to have his Fine, or be re-admitted; and the Corporation told him, There was no need; he was a good Freeman

Upon tlje whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which he read in his place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed);

Bcsolved, That it i? the Opinion of this Committee, That John Burridge, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis in the County of Dorsett.

Besolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir IVni. Drake, Knight and Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis in the County of Dorsett.

The first of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

The Question was put, That the House agree with the Committee therein:

The House divided.

Tellers for the Yeas} 82.

Tellers for the Noes '^Ir^emin } 121-

So it passed in the Negative.

' Colonel Birch reports from the Committee, to whom the Matter, touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Truroe in the County of Comeivall, was referred, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing: and, being read at the Clerk’s Table, is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Tredenham, and John Man-ley, Esquire, against Sir Henry and Henry

Vincent, Esquire, the Sitting Members for the Borough of Truroe in the County of Cornewall, was heard.

That the Question was, Whether the Right of Election was in the Populace, or the select Number; the Petitioners claiming to be elected by the Populace, and Sir Henry Ashenhurst, and Henry Vincent, Esquire, by the select Number.

For the Petitioner: That the Counsel insisted, That Truro was a Borough by Prescription, but made a Corporation in Queen Elizabeth's Time: And produced Re-

turns of Burgesses to Parliament, for the said Borough, of 26 Edw. I.; 6 Edw.II.; 10 Hen. VI.: As also, an Indenture of Return of... 7 Edw. VI. Mayor, with the Consent of the whole Commonalty, elected under the Seal of the Mayor.

l® Maria. Mayor and Commonalty, of one Mind, Assent and Consent, freely elected under the Seal of the Parties.

As also, a Copy of the Charter of the said Borough, of 31 Elizabeth#: Which Charter recited, That there had been long before a Mayor of the said Borough; and, at the same time, gave them a Common Seal, and declared and constituted Twenty-four Capital Burgesses.

For the Sitting Members: That the Counsel insisted, That Truro was a Corporation by Prescription, as well as a Borough; and that the Recital of the Charter imported as much: And, withal produced an Indenture of Return, of

26 Elizabeth#: Major 8$ Burgenses, sub Si-

gillo Burgi: And,

An ancient Book of the Corporation, in Henry the Seventh’s Time, making mention of the Twenty-four.

7 Edw. IV. An Indenture of Return of Burgesses, per Majorem, Comburgenses suesVII.: And,

An Indenture of Lease, 33 Hen. VIII. per Majorem 8$Burgenses: And,

Another Indenture, 3 Edw. VI. between the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town, of the one Part; and Walter Borlace, of the other Part; for erecting a free Grammar School: And,'

N n ~ An

Truro*

Election.

r

14a 2i°~2a0 . 1689.

An Indenture of Return of Burgesses, 30

Mqjorem § Burgcnses; Which was signed by the Mayor end Thirteen of the Burgesses, who were of the Twenty* four -: And,

A Copy of the Journal of 20 June 1663, the Resolu* tien of this House: And

Another Copy of the Journal, That the Right of Election 20 July, 1061, was in the Mayor and Twenty-four of the Borough of Truro.

It was also insisted on, by the Sitting Members Counsel, and agreed to by the Petitioners Counsel, That ever since ' the 31 Eliz. the Elections have ever been by the select

Number of Mayor and Twenty-four Burgesses.

That, thereupon the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth,; viz.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Truroe in the County of Comewallis in the Mayor and select Number of Burgesses only.

Resolved, Nemine contrThat it is the Opinion

of this Committee, That Sir Henry Ashenhurst, and Henry Vincent, Esquire, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Truro in the County of Comewall.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Truro in the County of Comewall, is in the Mayor and select Number of Burgesses only.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That Sir Hen. Ashenhurst, and Hen. Vincent, Esquire, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Truro in the County of Cornwall.

Better order- v A Bill for better ordering the Forces of this Kingdom, ing the was read a Second, time.

Forces; The Question was put, That the same be committed:

The House divided.

Tellers for Ae Ye., } >3*.

TeUe.for theNoes/l^t^ } 78.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

s i

Admiral Mr. Speaker gave Admiral Herbert the Thanks of the* Herbert House, according to their Order of Saturday last, to the thanked. Effect as followeth: viz.

Admiral Herbert,

THIS House hath taken Notice of the great Service you have performed, in the Engaging the French Fleet: They do look upon it, as one of the bravest Actions done in this last Age; and expect it will raise Reputation of the English Valour to its ancient Glory. I do therefore, by the Command of this House, return you their hearty Thanks for this Service; and desire you, that you will communicate the like Thanks, in their Name, to the Officers and Seamen that served under your Command; and to let them know, That this House will have a particular Regard of their Merits, and take care, as much as in them lies, to give them all due Encouragement

Whereupon, Admiral Herbert spake, to the Effect, as followeth:

SIR,

I A M in some Confusion at this great and unexpected Honour; and the more, because I want. Words to express my Sense of it. The best Return, that I think my-

self capable of making, is, to assure this honourable Ilobse, That, with my utmost Hazard, I will endeavour, by my future Actions, to deserve it; and will not fail to obey their Commands, in acquainting the Officers and Seamen, who were with me, of the favourable Accepta-, tien, by this House, of their Service.'. And, since the House have so favourable an Opinion of their Actions, I would beg their Leave to make an humble Motion; and I think it’s a Thing becoming the greatness of this Nation, and, indeed, has been the Care of almost all Nations, that have any Commerce at Sea: It is to assign some Place and Revenue, for the Support of such as are maimed in the Service and Defence of their Country:

There is no sufficient Provision made, at present, in this Kingdom; and, indeed, it is too great a Charge for the Crown. I therefore humbly move, It may be ordered, by this House, That an Act may pass, That they may have a Support and Subsistence, after they have, by Wounds, been made uncapable of further Service.

Resolved, That the House will take care to make a Provison fiw Provision for such Seamen, as are, or shall be, wounded winded Sea-in their Majesties Service; and for the Wives and Chil- meB* dren of such as are, or shall be, slain therein: And that a Committee be appointed, to consider how the same may be done.

And it is referred to Admiral Herbert, Mr. Hales, Mr.

Boscavxn, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir IVm. Williams, Mr. Gar-way, Mr. Elzcell, Lord Coote, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Gxcyn, Lord Falkland, Lord Sherrard, Mr. Bicker-staffe, Mr. Hen. Herbert, Mr. Edw. Russell, Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Dune.Colchester, Mr. Leveson Mr. P. Foley, Sir Hen.Capell, Sir Christoph.

Mr.Sacheverell, Mr Cooke, Sir Tho. Littleton'. And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

5

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred East India to examine how, and by what Warrant, the Charters of Company, the 35" of King Charles the Second, and the Charters of King James the Second, to the East India Company, and the Commission to Sir John Weyborne, and others, in

1685, were obtained, have Power to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit Committee, this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Forster, Mr.- Mitchell, Mr. Mon- Papists Chil-tague, Mr. Eversfcild, be added to the Committee, to dren whom it is referred, to inquire, what Children are sent a ,oa abroad to be educated in the Popish Religion; and who have been the Occasion of sending them abroad.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to ^r*[ford the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford in the Counties of Norfolke and Suffolke, in the room of the Right honourable Wm.

Harbord, Esquire, who waved his Election for the said Borough, being also chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Lanceston in the County of Cornwall.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 22* die Mail;

I. Willielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

A BILL for the Composition touching Bankrupts Bankrupts. Estates, read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time this Day ’ $evennight, after Ten of the Clock. '

Ordered,

i W. <£? M. 21° Mail. 141

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. James Herbert have Leave to go -Absence. into the Country for Three Weeks,

Ordered, That Mr. Bracer have Leave to go into the , Country-, for a Week.

Debtor* Resolved, That the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners,

Relief. he now read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Arnold, Mr. And. Newport, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Auditor Done, Mr. Blmj'eild, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Tipping, Mr.

lion, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Matth. Andrews, Sir Rich. Sir Gilbert Clerke, Sir Fr. Russell, Sir John BaMr. Mr.

tague, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Sir Rob. Sir

Mr. Machell, Lord Ranelagh, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Ilamden, Mr. Cooke, Colonel Birch, Sir Colchester, Mr. Boscaiccn, Sir John If yneSir Mr,7'//o.

Foley, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Strickland: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Suspending Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Habeas Continuance of the Act for unpowering his Majesty to Curpu*. apprehend and detain such Persons as he shall find just Cause to suspect are conspiring against the Government, for a longer Time: And it is recommended to Mr. Hamden to bring in the Bill.

A Member Mr. Boscmccn acquaints the House, That Mr, Boone

iMnc^s'to^0111 receivet^ a sent by the Order of the House;

LkeSOath*. an(* that he was willing to take the Oaths, and attend the Service of the House: But that he is very ill, and not able, as yet, to do it; but that he will, as soon as able.

Another Sir Hat. Capell acquaints the House, That he had

declines received a Letter from Mr. Francis sBrother,

a u>g em. acquainting him, That Mr. Cholmondly had received a JLetter sent by Order of the House; but that he was ill, and not able to attend their Service: But that withal, he intimated, that his Brother was not willing to take the Oaths; and desired a new Writ might issue to choose another Member in his room.

Resobed, That the said Mr. be summoned

to attend this House this Pay Three Weeks: And Sir Rich.Middleton is to signify the same to him; he undertaking in that Behalf.

Bill of Oaths. Resolved, That the House do, this Day Sevennight, review the Bill of Oaths.

ments; and also, One Amendment in the Bill itself, to make the same cohere with the Amendments proposed by this House; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Which Amendments he delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were Thrice read; and, -upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

7 Skin, L. 12, to the Commons Amendment, after the Word " I," in the Third Line of the said Amendment, add " A.B;" and, at tire End of the Aaid Amendment,

after " Inspiration,’’ add, " winch Declarations and Subscription shall be made and entered of Record, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peafce for the County,

City, or Place, where every such Person shall then reside.

In the Bill;

7 Skin, L. 14, after " Declarations," add, " and Profession."

Ordered, That Mr. Harhorddo carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House to the said Amendments.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee, to Poll Bill, whom it was referred to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, touching the Amendments proposed by the Lords to be made to the additional Poll Bill, That they had prepared Reasons accordingly: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were Once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth:

Reasons for disagreeing with the Lords in the Amendment to the Bill, intituled, An additional Act for the raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise; towards the reducing of Ireland.

The Lords, P. 1, L. 27, after the Word " Act," insert a Clause for the Lords appointing Commissioners to rate themselves in respect of their Offices and personal Estates, and freeing their Persons from Imprisonment, and for appointing a Collector to receive their Assessments.

To which Clause the Commons disagree. '

r. Because the Bill, now in Question, taxes Commoners only.

2. Because the Poll Bill already passed, hath sufficiently provided for taxing all the Nobility; to which the Lords ' have consented.

Ofdered, That Colonel Tipping do go up to the Lords Conference and desirte a Conference with their Lordships, upon the desired with Subject Matter of the Amendments by their Lordships Lords-proposed to be made to the additional Poll Bill.

Conference with Lords; Dissenters Toleration.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Metlrwyn; .

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That the Lords do desire a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the Amendment to the Bill for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects from the Penalties-of certain Laws. I

And then the Messengers withdrew. ’

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

And the Messengers were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That Mr. Hamden, Mr. finch, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir H. Capell, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Sir Wm.

Williams, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. ham, Colonel Tipping, Sir Fran. Russell, Mr. Paul Foley, do manage the Conference. 0 ’ ! *'

And they went up to the Conference accordingly.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Conference with the Lords, That the Earl of Nottingham managed the same on the Part of the Lords; and said, That the Lords had agreed to most of the Amendments proposed by this House to be made to the Bill: But that the Lords did think fit to make some Amendments of those Amend-Vol. X.

Ordered, That Colonel Tipping do carry up to the Lbrds Annulling the ingrossed Bill sent down by them, intituled,. An Act Lisle’s ’ for the annulling, and making void, the Attainder of Attainder. Alitia Lisle, Widow; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House thereunto, without any Amendments.

Resolved, That Sir Thomas Littleton do make his Re- Bill of port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Indemnity, it was referred to consider of Heads for a Bill of Indemnity, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clocjc.

Sir Jos.Tredenham reports from the Committee, to Address

whom it was referred to prepare an Address concerning respecting the Irish Protestants, that the Committee had prepared an Address accordingly: Which he read in his Place; and e* a s‘ afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our serious and tender Considerations, the many great Sufferings of the Protestant Nobility and Gentry of Ireland, which their Zeal for the Protestant Religion, Your Majesty’s Service, the Interest of England in that Kingdom, and Love to our Nation, have exposed them to; whereby great Numbers have been forced to fly hither, deprived of all their real Estates,

as

Address

respecting Irish Protestants*

22° — $3b Mail.

A \ 1689.

As well as personal, of a much greater V alue; so that they are thereby reduced to the most pressing Necessities, and Are become great objects of Compassion; being the only Body of Protestants that are ruined by the late happy Resolution, which hath wrought so great a Deliverance, not only for the rest of Your Majesty’s Subjects, but for all the Protestant Interest in Europe; most, humbly cfave Leave on their Behalf, to offer their deplorable CondL tien to Your Majesty’s most Princely Consideration.

And whereas, they are, by reason of their Numbers, very apprehensive of their being and continuing a Burden and Charge to this Kingdom, while they remain, in such Condition, unemployed; and that many of them are, for their Interest in, and Knowledge of that Kingdom, aS well as Experience in Military Affairs (having served there, and thereby inured to the Country), well qualified to serve under Your Majesty for the Reduction thereof; and all of them pressing and forward for that Service, as Well as to redeem their Wives, Children, Friends, or Relations, from the present Slavery, and miserable Oppression, they groan under:

1. We humbly recommend such of the said Nobility arid Gentry, as are fit for Military Employments, as very proper Persons for Reducing of that Kingdom to its due Obedience to the Crown of England.

J2. That such of them as are not fit for such Service, piay, as Your Majesty shall have Opportunity, be put into such Civil Employments as they are capable of, according to their several Abilities and Professions.

3. lor the present Supply of the great Necessities of the said Nobility and Gentry of ,we humbly pray,

that such Part of the Stock which the late King hath in the East India and Guinea Companies, as yet undisposed of, may be sold, and distributed among them, according to a List of Distribution already settled, and herewith presented to Your Majesties; with regard to others not yet appearing, as their Estates and other their Circumstances, shall be presented, in order to their Support and Maintenance proportionably with the rest: And that for a further and standing Fund for their future Subsistence, until Ireland be reduced, Your Majesties will be graciously pleased to issue forth Your Royal Proclamation, requiring all Papists beyond the Seas, (who have Estates in England) and all Protestants, that are in Arms, or otherwise engaged in Service against Your Majesties, (if any such there be) to return within some convenient Time: And that the Estates of such as shall not give Obedience thereunto, be seized into Your Majesties Hands for the Relief of the Nobility or Gentry, who are, or shall be, deprived of their Estates there. And, because possibly the said Funds, as well for the present Supply, as future Subsistence, of the said Nobility and Gentry, may prove either so insufficient Or dilatory a Provision, as their present Necessities cannot dispense with; we humbly pray Your Majesties to appoint such other certain and sufficient Fund as may answer those Ends; and we do promise to reimburse, with all Thankfulness, what Your Majesties shall expend in this so just and charitable a Work: And we are the rather induced to make this our humble Supplication to Your Majesties, on Behalf of the said Nobility and Gentry, because we esteem Ourselves obliged to afford them present Relief and Support, and to represent the speedy Recovery of the Kingdom of Ireland, of great Importance to This, in all respects, as Your Majesties and the Nation’s true Interest.

And, in regard we have not named his Grace the Duke of Ormond among the rest of the Nobility and Gentry of Ireland, in the List before mentioned, because of his eminent Service, Quality, and great Estate; and lest the Fund we have proposed may not allow such Provision, as his State arid Merits require; we therefore humbly beseech Your Majesties, to take the Condition of the said Duke, and his great Merits and Sufferings, into Your particular Royal Consideration: And that Your Majesties will be pleased also to consider of the rest of the Nobility and Gentry already fled, and daily coming from Ireland, that remain unprovided for.

Whereas several of the Bishops, and inferior Clergy, and Fellows of Trinity College near have con-

14

lscientiously discharged, their Duties there, in Opposition to Popery; and staid in that Kingdom, whilst there was any Safety for them; are now fled also into England, most of them despoiled of all their worldly Substance; and Your Majesties having been pleased to declare Your Royal Purpose, of preferring the said Clergy to such Livings as shall fall in Your Majesties Disposal; we return our most humble Thanks for that Your Majesties most gracious Promise; humbly praying, that the said Fellows may be provided for with them: And that the Bishops of that Kingdom, fled into this, may be a special Part of Your Princely Care; and be relieved, in Proportion to their Charges and Losses, with other the Nobility and Gentry of Ireland.

The Order of the House of the Sixteenth Instant, directing an Address to be prepared, was read.

Resolved, That the Address be re-committed to the Same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to make their Report to the House, with all convenient Speed.

Resolved, That it be recommended to Sir Matthew Late King Andrews, Sir John Bancks, and Mr. to inquire, Jaines‘ ,f0*

by the best Means they can, what Stock the late King perty' James the Second hath undisposed of in the East India Company, Guinea Company, or Hudsons Bay Company; and bring an Account thereof to this House Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Colonel Tipping acquaints the House, that he having Conference been (according to their Order) with the Lords, to de- with Lord*, sire a Conference, they do agree to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare the Reasons, be the Managers of the said Conference.

The Managers went to the Conference, accordingly.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed the Eighteenth Papists Chil-Instant to inquire what Children are sent abroad to be dren setU educated in the Popish Religion; and who have been the abroad-Occasion of sending them abroad; do also inquire, what Children who were in the Hands of Protestant Guardians, have been taken thence, and put under Popish Guardians:

And that Mr. Newport, Sir John Doyley, Mr. Herbert,

Mr. Blake, Mr. Carter, be added to the Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed the Fifth Day Grievance* of March last, to examine into the Grievances relating to of City of the City of London, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, L00'301'* at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Tho. Foley.,: Mr. Paul , Sir jra^ of John Knatchbull, Mr. Moore, Colonel , Mr. Mud, Rents,

be added to the Committee, which was, the Fourth Instant, appointed to consider of the Reasons of the Fall of Rents; and to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for the remedying thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 23* die Maii; t* Willielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

A PETITION of Titus Oates, D. D. was read; set- pltus o»te*.

ting forth, That, in 1678, he discovered a horrid Popish Conspiracy against the late King Charles and his present Majesty and the Protestant Religion; of which several Parliaments and Courts of Justice declared their Belief therein, by the Proofs the Petitioner so fully made thereof; for which Reason, and because he could not be prevailed with to desist in his Discovery, the Jesuits and Papists pursued him with an implacable Malice, suborning Witnesses to accuse him of capital Crimes: But, being

defeated

Provision for wounded Seamen.

Ftzharrus

Cite.

Irish Protestants.

IW. M. 23° Maii. 145

defeated in that Attempt, they procured King CAzrr&f to The previous Question was put, that That Question be withdraw that Protection and Subsistence his Majesty, at now put;

several Parliaments Request, had allowed him; and insti- The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Ye«,{Ss; ^ } 5,

was reconciled to the Church of Rome; and that itis High T, f , w /Mr /

Treason to be so reconciled ;n wherein a Verdict and Judg-; ers or e oes>/]yir. j

mentwas obtained for One hundred thousand Pounds, and So it was resolved in the Affirmative, the Petitioner committed to the King's Bench: That, after And the main Question being put;

this, they obtained Leave from the King to prefer Two , That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-

several Indictments against him, for Two pretended Per- mittee, That, in preparing the said Address, they do juries in his Evidence conceming the Conspiracy: Which pray his Majesty,. Thathewill be pleased to appointsome they brought to Trial in the Reign of King James the other Fund for Relief of the Irish Protestants, in case the Second, where the Petitioner was, upon the Evidence of Funds already resolved on shall fail to answer their pressing those very Witnesses who had confronted him at Three Necessities, according to the List of Contribution agreed former Trials, and were disbelieved, and through the on for that Purpose.

Partiality of the late Lord Jeffryes, convicted of the said That the Names of such of the Nobi-

pretended Perjuries; and received this unparallelled Sen- lity and Gentry as desire Relief, with their Additions, tence; viz. To pay to the King Two thousand Marks; to arid Places of Abode, be printed, be divested of his canonical Habit; to be brought into

Westminster Hall with a Paper on his Head; having this Ordered, That Mr. John Hobby have Leave to go into Inscription, " TitusOtes, convicted, on full Evidence, of the Country, for a Week.

Two horrid Perjuries;" to stand in and upon the Pillory,

Two several Days, for the Space of an Hour; and to be Mr. Baldayn reports from the Committee to whom the w'hipt, by the common Hangman, from Aldgateto New- Bill. was referred, That the Committee had thought tit gate on Wednesday; and to be whipt again, on the Friday to make several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read following, from Nervgate to Tyburn; to stand in and upon in his Place; with the Coherence; and afterwards deli-the Pillory Five Times in every Year of his Life; and to vered in the same at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were remain a Prisoner during his Life: All which was accord- Once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, ingly executed with all Barbarity, upon the Petitioner; one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there-lying Ten Weeks under the Surgeon’s Hands: But that upon, agreed to by the House, some of them afterwards got into his Chamber, whilst Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

weak in Bed; and attempted the pulling the Plaisters

applied for the Cure of his Back; and threatned to destroy A Bill for granting a Subsidy to their Majesties, was

him; procuring him to be loaded with Irons of excessive read the First time.

Weight for a whole Year, even when his Legs were Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time To-swoln with the Gout; and to be shut up in the Dungeon; morrow Morning, whereby he became impaired in his Limbs, and contracted

Convulsion Fits, and other Distempers, to the Hazard of Resolved, That the House do, on Saturday Morning his Life: That, after all such illegal Proceedings upon next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, him, he hopes this House will vindicate the Proceedings to consider of the Bill for the Relief of the Orphans of the of former Parliaments, and raise him from the lovv Con- City of London. dition his long and expensive Imprisonment hath reduced

him to: And prayed the Consideration of the House, A Bill impowering his Majesty to apprehend and de-and that they would recommend him to his Majesty’s tain such Persons as he shall find just Cause to suspect Royal Protection and Bounty, or to give him such other are conspiring against the Government, was read the First Redress, as to them shall seem meet. time.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Otes, and his Counsel, be Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time To-heard at the Bar of this House this Day Sevennight in the morrow Morning.

Forenoon.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Matth. Andrezcs, Mr.;

and the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, be added Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, to the Committee to whom it is referred to consider how An Act for the Building into Tenements the remaining a Provision may be made for such Seamen as are or shall Fart of Arundell Ground, as now inclosed; to which they be wounded in their Majesties Service; and for the desire the Concurrence of this House.

Wives and Children of such as are or shall be slain And then the Messengers withdrew, therein.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Ordered, That Sir Walter Young, Alderman Thomson, Instant, reports from the Committee of the whole House, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Ash, Sir Wm.Ashurst, be added to the to whom it was referred to consider of Heads for a Bill of Committee appointed to examine the Case of Mrs. Fitz- Indemnity, That the Committee had agreed upon several Harris', and to report the same to the House. Heads, which they had directed him to report to the

House: And he read the same in his Place; and after-Joseph Tredenham acquaints the House, That he was wards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where directed by the Committee to whom it was referred to they were read; and are as followeth; viz. prepare an Address to his Majesty relating to the Irish 1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Protestants, to move, That it may be an instruction to That the Asserting, Advising, and Promoting of the Dis-the said Committee, in the preparing the said Address, to pensing Power, and Suspending of Laws, and Execution pray his Majesty, That he will be pleased to appoint some of Laws, without Consent of Parliament, as it has been other Fund for the Relief of Irish Protestants, in case the lately exercised, and the acting in pursuance of such pre-

Funds already resolved on shall fail to answer their pres- tended dispensing Power, is One of the Crimes for which sing Necessities, according to the List of Contribution some Persons be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity; agreed on for that Purpose. ‘ for the Safety, Settlement, and Welfare of the Nation for

And the Question being put, That it be giv^n as ait the future; and the Vindication of publick Justice. Instruction to the said Committee accordingly;

gated the then Duke of Yorke to prosecute the Petitioner in an Action of Scandalum Magnfor speaking this no-

torious Truth; viz. " That he, the said Duke of York,

Leave of Absence.

Supply Bill; Land Tax,

Orphans of London.

Suspending Habeas Cor* pus.

Arundell

Building

Ground.

Exceptions in Act of Indemnity.

146

M

A. 1,689.

Exceptions 2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion bf this Committee, demnity*In That the Commitment and Prosecution of the Seven Bishops be another Crime, for which some Persons be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Advising, Promoting, and Executing the Commission for erecting the late Court for Ecclesiastical Causes, be another Crime, for which some Persons be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Advising the Levying Money, and the Collecting the same, for and to the Use of the Crown, by Pretence of Prerogative, for other Time, and in other Manner, than the same was granted by Parliament, be another Crime,

for which some Persons be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Advising the raising and keeping up a Standing Army in the Time of Peace, without Consent of Parliament, and the Quartering of Soldiers, be another Crime, for which some Persons be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Advising, Procuring, Contriving, and Acting in the surrendering Charters, and in the Alteration and Subversion of Corporations, and in procuring new Charters; and the violating the Rights and Freedoms of Elections to Parliament in Counties, Cities, Corporations, and Boroughs and Ports; and the Questioning the Proceedings of Parliament out of Parliament, by Declarations, Informations, or otherwise; are Crimes, for which some Persons shall be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That undue Constructions of Law, and the undue and illegal Prosecutions and Proceedings in capital Cases, are other Crimes, for which some Persons shall be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the pndue Returns of Juries, and other illegal Proceedings in Civil Causes, are other Crimes, for which some Persons shall be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

9. Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, That the requiring excessive Bail, imposing excessive Fines, giving excessive Damages, and using undue Means for levying such Fines and Damages, and inflicting cruel

'.and unusual Punishments, are other Crimes, for which some Persons shall be exc epted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Advising -King Charles the Second, and King James the Second, by some of their Judges and Counsel, That Parliaments need not be called according to the Statutes, is a Crime, for which some Persons shall be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The First of the sand Resolves being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding, after the Word " Persons," these Words, " may justlyAnd, upon the Question put thereupon, the same was agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That t! ie House doth agree with the Committee in the said Retsolve, soamended, That the Asserting, Advising, and Promoting of the Dispensing Power, and Suspending of Law s without Consent of Parliament, as it has been la tely exe rcised; and the Acting in pursuance of such pretended Di spensing Power; is one of the Crimes, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity; for the Safety, Settlement, and Welfare of the Nation for the future; and the Vindication of publick Justice.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time; '

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding, after tive Word " Persons," these Words, " may justlyAnd Ufpon the Question put thereupon, the same was agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, so amended, That the Commitment and Prosecution of the Seven Bishops be another Crime, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time; ,

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding, after the Word " Persons,’’.these Words, " may justlyAnd, upon the Question put thereupon, the same was agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, so amended, That the Adyise-ing, Promoting, and Executing the Commission for erecting the late Court for Ecclesiastical Causes, be another Crime, for which some Persons may be justly excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

An Amendment-was proposed to be made therein, by adding, after the Word " Persons," these Words, " may justlyAnd, upon the Question put thereupon, the same was agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, so amended, T^hat the Advising the levying Money, and the Collecting the same for and to the Use of the Crown, by Pretence of Prerogative, for Other Time, and in other Manner, than the same was

?anted by Parliament, be another Crime, for which some ersons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Fifth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by; adding, after the Word " Persons," these Words, " may justly:" And, upon the.Question put thereupon, the same was agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, so amended, That the Advising the raising and keeping up a Standing Army in the Time of Peace, without Consent of Parliament, and the Quartering of Soldiers, be another Crime, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity; -

The Sixth of the said Resolves being read a Second^ time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding, after the Word " Corporations," the Words " Boroughs and Ports;" and, after the W ord " Persons," leaving out the Word " shall;" and, instead thereof, inserting "mayjustly:" And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the same were agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, so amended, That the Advising, Procuring, Contriving, and Acting in the surrendering Charters, and in the Alteration and Subversion of Corporations, and in procuring of new Charters; and the Violating of the Rights and Freedoms of Elections to Parliaments, in Counties, Cities, Corporations, Boroughs, and Ports; and the Questioning the Proceedings of Parliament out of Parliament, by Declarations, Informations, or otherwise; are Crimes, for which some Persons may be justly excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Seventh of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out after the Word " Persons*" the Word " shall;" and, instead thereof, inserting " may justly:" And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the same was agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, so amended, That undue Constructions of Law, and the undue and illegal Prosecutions and Proceedings in capital Cases, are other Crimes, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Eighth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out, after the Word " Persons," the Word " shall;

and.

W. & M.

13° Mail.

and, instead thereof, inserting " may justly:" . And, upon Accompts chwgeth him with 42,616/. 6d.: So that charge*

Mr. Burton's Charge of himself falls &hort of the Chaise against in the Exchequer the Sum Of 5001. 'He also chargeth Graham and himself, in the said Accompts, to have received of Mr. - uirton‘ Guy, for the like Uses, the’Sum of 1,438/.' So that the Total of the Receipts acknowledged by the said Mr. Burton in the said Accompt, is 43,554/. 10*. 4 And the Total of the said Mr. Burton's Discharge is 43,522/. 19^ 2d.: Whereby it appears, the said Mr.)

Button is Debtor to the King '531 /. 11 if all his Pay-:

Charges against Graham and Barton.

the Question put thereupon, the same was agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, so amended, That the undue Returns of Juries, and other illegal Proceedings in Civil Causes, are other Crimes, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Ninth of the said Resolves being read a Second time

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by ments alledged Should be allowed to him. leaving out, after the Word "Persons," the Word "shall. That the Committee also finds, by the said Accompts

and, instead thereof, inserting "may justly: And, upon That the said Mr. Burton and Mr. Graham elmrge them-the Question severally put thereupon, the same was selves therein jointly, with Receipts from the Exchequer,-, agreed unto by the House. 4,671/. 4

Resolved, That' the House doth agree with the Com- That they do also find, That the said Mr. Burton and mittee in the said Resolve, so amended, That the requiring Mr. Graham do jointly accompt for 6,935/. 14#. 6 d.; excessive Bail, imposing excessive Fines, giving excessive which is alledged, in the said Accompts, to be paid by Damages, and using undue Means for levying such Fines Mr. Burton to Mr. Graham, out of the Monies charged and Damages, and inflicting cruel and unusual Punish- upon the several Accounts to Mr. Burton.; ’

ments, are other Crimes, for which some Persons may And that they further charge themselves jointly, to have

justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity. received of Mr. Guy iao /. and of John Hamden, Esquire,

The Tenth of the said Resolves being read a Second by his Majesty’s Direction, 339 /. 2 8; and, in like

time; manner, of Mr. 346/. 11 And they fur-

Ari Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by ther charge themselves to have received, of Mr. Ward, leaving out, after the Word "Persons" the Word "shall;" the Sum of 50 /.; and of Sir Robert Tenants

and, instead thereof, inserting " may justlyAnd, upon 24/.: So that the Total of their joint Receipts amount the Question severally put thereupon, the same was to 12,46 13 '

agreed unto by the House. And that, by their joint Accompt, they alledge to have

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com- paid about Law-suits, the said full Sum of 12,466/.; with mittee in the said Resolve, so amended, That the advising an Overplus of 1,300l. and upwards: But they do not King Charles the Second, and King^ James the Second, by acknowledge the 600 /. charged upon them by Sir Robert some of their Judges and Counsel, That Parliaments need Howard, to be paid to them the 5th of January 1686, in not be called according to the Statutes, is a Crime, for Reward for Prosecuting Colonel Whitley and the Lord which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the over and above Three yearly Salaries.

That the Committee find, by the said Accompts of Mr. Burton and Mr. Graham, That they alledge to have paid most of the said Monies, severally and jointly received, to Witnesses, Jurors, Solicitors, Counsel, and to themselves and ofher Persons, in their Prosecutions of Indictments,

Bill of Indemnity.

Sir Thomas Littleton then acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Major Wildman, the Chairman of the Committee

who were appointed to examine and inspect the Accompts, Informations, Trials Of Persons, in capital and other prein the Hands of Mr. Auditor Done, of all such Sums of tended criminal Cases; and in Quo against

Money as have been paid out of the Exchequer to Mr. Corporations and other Proceedings in the Names, and

Graham and Mr. Burton, or either of them, for Prosecu tien of Law-suits; and to make their Report thereof, with their Opinions therein, to the House; and to examine the Cases of Mr. Graham and Mr. Burton, and the other Prisoners in the Tower, Newgate, and; and

on the Behalf, of the late King’s.

That, for Instance, in their prosecuting, for pretended constructive Treasons, Wm. late Lord Russell,

Sidney, Esquire, SirThomas Armstrong, Chirles Lord Bran -

don, Lord Delamere, John Hamden, Esquire, and Alderman

report the same to the House; might make his Report Henry Cornish, and divers others; and in their prosecuting, from the said Committee, of all Commissions, Dispen- upon Information, forsupposed Misdemeanors, and Crimes sations, and other Papers in . Hands, relating to the not capital, Sir Barnardiston, Sir Pat. Sir

Head which concerns the Dispensing Power, and the Tho. Pilkington, SUngsby Bethell, Esquire, Sir Wm. Ecclesiastical Commissions^ Hams, Mr. Sam. Johnson, Dr. Titus Otcs, and many others

Resolved, That Major Wihlmando make his Report. (wherein, the Committee thinks fit to acquaint this ho-accordingly. nourable House with some few of the many exorbitant

Major Wildman reports from the Committee appointed Expences pretended by the said Graham and in

to inspect and examine the Accounts in the Hands of Mr. their said Accompts of the said Prosecutions; and also, Auditor Done, of all such Sums of Money as have been some other Enormities appearing the rein); That they do paid out of the Exchequer to Mr. Graham and Mr. Bur- pretend to have spent in prosecuting, for their Lives, the

ton, or either of them, for Prosecution of Law-suits; and "

to make their Report thereof, with their Opinions therein, to the House; and to examine the Cases of Mr.

Graham and Mr. Burton, and the other Prisoners in the Tower, Newgate, and Gatehouse; and report the same to the House; That they, having examined into the Matters aforesaid, had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee demanded and received of Mr.

VWVI1VI l>\# U|/V1AM III IV1 V1IVII JUI I bllv

Lord Delamere, 535/. 6 s. 5 d.; of Esquire,

527/. 1 s. 6d.; of Alderman Cornish, 34 11 s.; of Mr.

Hayes, for pretended Correspondence with Sir Thomas Armstrong, 232 /. 7 4 d.: And they' alledge to have

.spent, in prosecuting for pretended Misdeameanors, of the Earl of Devonshire, 218/. 2 5 Sir

717/. 3s. 4</.; SlrThomas Pilkitigton,264/. "js. Mr.

Johnson, 181/. 16*. 4 Dr. Otes, 3,037/. 9$. 6d. and in prosecuting the Lords the Bishops that refilled to allow of the King’s Dispensing Power, 183 /. 1 s.: They do also alledge to have spent, in prosecuting a Quo Auditor Done, the Accompts of Mr. Graham, and Mr. Warranto against the City of Londoti, 1,000l. 14 s. 2;

Burton, that were in his Hands: And that they had in- and in prosecuting, at one time, above Eighty C-orpora-spected and examined the same (which said Accompts tiens, 1,197/. 9$. 8 besides many other considerable began in the Year 1679, and end in the Year 1688); Sums, said to be laid put by them, for Quo Warrantos and find that the said Mr. Burton hath charged himself against many other Corporations, severally, to have received out of the Exchequer, for Pro- That the Committee did further observe, from the said secution of Law-suits, and other Payments by him made, Accompt, That there is therein alledged to be paid seve-the Sum of 42,116 /. 9*. 6d.: But Sir Robert Howards ral Sums of Money in their Prosecutions of pretended Vol. X. Criminals,

if Maii:

A.i6ty.

Criminals, contrary to the Laws of the Land: The said . Accompts alledging sometimes Three, and sometimes Five Guineas apiece, given to, Juries; and to,

be spent upon them, sometimes 25/. sometimes 40/ and sometimes 501.; besides unwarrantable Fees to Sheriffs, and Masters of Offices, about Juries.

That the Comipittee did also observe, That there is pretended, in the said Accompts, to be retained in the Prosecuting of Subjects, an unmeasurable Number of Counsel, there being, great Fees set down in some Cases, for Eight; and in others, for Ten or Eleven Counsel.

That the Committee did also observe, further in the said Accompts, That there is great Expences charged therein, for Defence of several Persons against the Suits and Actions of their Fellow Subjects, for Wrongs and Damages done to them, in favour of the Designs of the late King, for arbitrary Power and Popery; particularly in the Case of Sir John Moorewhen many Actions were brought against him by the Citizens of London, for the Wrong done them in the Election of their Sheriffs; as also when Actions were brought against him by Mr.

Papillion and Mr. Dubois, for refusing to swear them Sheriff: And, in like manner, That there is charged, in the said Accompts, the Expences of defending Sir Thomas Grosvenor against the Suit of the Earl of Macclesfield, for great Scandals and Abuses done to him. Put the several Enormities appearing in the said Accompts are too many to be particularized.

and Prosecutions of Quo Warranto's, openly endeavoured

the Subversion of the Pirotestant Religion and the Go-vemmpnt of this Realm, and wasted many Thousand Pounds of the public Revenue thereof, in their Undue Prosecutions, and Solicitations.

The Committee had considered the Case of the late Charges Lord Chancellor Jeffryes, whose Commitment to the against Lord, Tarver is as followeth; viz. Jeffryes.

WE the Peers of this Realm, being assembled with some of the Privy Council, do hereby Will and Require you to take into your Custody the Body of George Lord Jeffryes (herewith sent unto you); and him to keep safe Prisoner, until further Order: For which this shall be sufficient Warrant Council Chamber in the 12th of December 1688.

Halifax, Vaughan, Carbary, Kent, Aylesbury, North and Grey, Anglesey, Rochester, Carlisle,

Berkley, Nottingham, Sussex, Crewe, P. Winchester.

To the Right honourable Lord Lucast Chief Governor of the Tower of London,

And, in regard, there is no Crime expressed in the said Commitment, they first had Recourse to the Notoriety of his Crimes, known almost to the whole Kingdom, and the Evidence of them by Records and Commissions, or Patents extant under the Great Seal of England.

The Committee hath also carefully examined divers That they find it to be notorious, That he was instrn-Writings concerning the said Mr. Burton and Mr. Gra- mental in the undue and illegal Prosecution, Condennia-ham; particularly Mr. Houses: Who saith, He was re- tien, and Death of William late Lord Russell, commended to the King by Sir Roger Lestrange, to be Sidney, Esquire, Mr. Fitzharris, Mr. Stephen Colledge; and an Assistant to the said Burtonmd Mr. Graham, in Pro- that, contrary to the Law, he awarded and procured the secution of Doctor Oates', and ordered, by the.. King, to Execution of Sir Thomas Armstrong, as a Traitor, without take all his Instructions, and follow the Advices therein Trial for any Crime whatsoever, though a legal Trial was of the said Sir Roger Lestrange: And fie saith, He was demanded of him: And it is expressly declared, by the -. employed to attend, together with them, at several Con- Accounts of Mr. Mr. Burton, before-mention-

suits with Counsel, about the Manner of prosecuting the ed in this Report, That the said late Lord undersaid Me. Oates; the said Sir Roger Lestrange giving took the Management of the Prosecutions in the West for

Directions for the sending for the several Witnesses; ana High Treason, after the late Duke of Monmouth's Inva-first himself examining the m; save only, that the Lord sion; and that he received One thousand Four hundred Castlemain procured Six St. Omer's Witnesses, to be exa- and Sixteen Pounds Ten Shillings of the said Graham and, mined beyond the Seas, and then sent over to England; for that Affair; and took out a special Commis-

and their several Depositions shewed to them by Sir Ro-sion of Oyer and Terminer for that Purpose: Yet it ap-ger Lestrange. And the said Houses further saith, That pears, that the said Graham and Burton paid, unto other when the Depositions of one of the said Witnesses was Commissioners, about finding the Estates of Persons then shewed to him, he said, He would not make Oath of the attainted, the Sum of One thousand One hundred and said Matter of Fact again; but he believed, they were true, Seventeen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Ten-pence: because he had sworn to them. And it was further testi- That it was further evidenced, That the said late Lord fied in the Examination of Mr. Crag, that the said Mr. Chancellor passed several Grants under the Great Seal, to Burton and Mr. Graham did endeavour to procure Accu- many Lords, and others, to dispense with their Obedience sations against divers of the Subjects; and solicited him to many of the known Laws of the Realm; and to autho-to give Information against the Earl of Macclesfeild, the rize them expressly to transgress the same; and to hold Lord Delameere, and Major Wildman; they promising, and execute divers Offices and Powers, Military and if he would give Information against them, he would re- Civil; which they were disallowed, by the known Laws ceive a very great Reward; that he Should be released of the Realm, to exercise, hold, and enjoy, and acquitted, and have 1001. Quarterly paid him: But, There is come to the Hands of the Committee, amongst

he refusing to swear falsly against them, was made a Patents, Papers, One Patent under the Great Seal, dated close Prisoner in Newgate without Fire or Candle Forty the 15th of July, in the Third Year of the late King Weeks. the Second, for dispensing, in that manner, with William

It was further testified, by Mr. Aaron Smith, That the Marquis of Henry Lord A of Warder, Henry

said Mr. Burton and Mr. Graham solicited and prosecuted Jarmine Baron of Dover, John Lord Bellosis, Lord Wal-r Mr. Stephen Colledge, at Oxford, for pretended High grave, Lord Thomas Howard, Sir Robert Wright Lord Treason; and, together with the Attorney General, de- Chief Justice of the King's Bench, Sir Rich. Alibone One nied the said Mr. Colledge a Copy of his Jury; with of the Judges of the same Court, Sir Christopher Milton threatning Words to the said Mr. Smith, for desiring the Baron of the Exchequer, Sir Edw. Hales, Knight, ... of same for him; And that, by their Prosecution, the said the Castle of Dover, and One of the Judges of the Colledge was denied the Use of his own Papers in his Admiralty; and Sixteen others of lesser Quality.

Trial, and several other known Benefits of the Law; and That it further appeared, That the said late Lord Chan-

was condemned and executed. c passed under the Great Seal, a Commission That there are several other Witnesses concurring with dated the 15th of July, in the Second Year of the late tha Accounts of the said Graham and Burton, to make it King James the Second, to William Lord Archbishop of manifest, That they severally and jointly were instrumen- Canterbury, George Lord Jeffryes Lord Chancellor of tal in most, or all, the illegal Prosecutions, for the taking England, Lawrence Earl of Rochester Lord Hteh Trea-away the Lives and Estates of most that have suffered Loss. surer of England, Robert Earl of Sunderland, Nathanael of Life or Fortune, within Eight Years last passed. Lord Bishop of Durham, Thomas Lord Bishop of Ro-

And, that it is the Opinion of the Committee, That Chester, Sir Edward Herbert, Knight, and Chief Justice of they have, by their malicious Indictments, Informations, the Common Pleas, and, by the Inscription of the Seal,

25 appointed

i W,tf M. 23° M. 149

appointed for the said Commissioners, itwaSstiled, a Commission for Ecclesiastical Causes; and therein it is expressed, That the late King James, by Virtue and Force of his supreme Authority, and Prerogative Royal, he grants unto the said Commissioners full Power and Authority over all the Subjects, to inquire of, and punish all their Offences, Transgressions, and Misdemeanors, whatsoever, done, or to be done, that can lawfully be by the Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Laws of this Realm: Which comprehends all their Sins whatsoever against God or Man.

That there is further, a special Grant, to inquire and search out the Offences and Misdemeanors of all Ecclesiastical Persons, of whatsoever Dignity; and suspend or deprive them of their Freeholds, and of all their Ecclesiastical Functions, at their Will.

That there is a further Grant, of absolute Power over all the Marriages of all the Subjects; whereupon depends the Descent of all the Inheritances of the Kingdom.

There is also granted to them Power to call before them all that shall seem, by themselves, to be suspected of any Misdemeanors whatsoever; and to examine them, against themselves, about their whole Lives, if they please; and to censure them, as they shall judge of it: And all the several Powers granted to them were to be so absolute, that they were authorized to excommunicate, and thereby expose to perpetual Imprisonment, at their Wills, all that Should not obey any of their Commandments, or Orders, in any Part of their Commission; if it were only for refusing to answer their Questions, when they examined them against themselves; or for neglecting to assist in the Execution of any of their Commands.

And, as to Ecclesiastical Persons, their Power was, to deprive them of their Freeholds, and their Functions too, if they Should disobey, or neglect to accomplish, the least of their Commands or Orders.

That further Power is also granted to them over the Estates of all the Subjects, to give, at their Discretion, unto all Informers and Prosecutors against them, for any pretended Misdemeanors or Offences, whatsoever Expence and Costs of Suit they Should think fit.

That there is further granted to the said Commissioners, an absolute Power over the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, Colleges, and Grammar Schools, and other Ecclesiastical Incorporations as to all their Lands, Rents, and Revenues; and as to all their Statutes, Rules and Ordinances, made by theii Founders, or any otherwise, though settled or confirmed by Acts of Parliament, or any Grants of former Kings.

That there is aSecond Commission, passed by the Lord Jeff ryes, of the same Nature, to the same Persons, excepting on\yWm.Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and, with the Addition of John Earl of Mulgrave, dated the 22th Day of November, in the Second Year of the late King James the Second.

That there is a Third Commission granted by the said late Lord Chancellor Jefferyes, of the same Nature, to the same Persons in the Second, except the Earl of with the Addition of Theophilus Earl of Huntington, dated

the 12th of January, in the Second Year of the said late King James the Second.

That there is a Fourth Commission, to the same Persons in the Third, and to the same Effect, dated the 5th of May, in the Third Year of the said late King James.

That there is a Fifth Commission passed by the said late Lord Chancellor Jefferyes, of the same Nature, to the same Persons in the said Fourth Commission, excepting Sir Edward Herbert, Knight; and with the Addition of Thomas Lord Bishop of Chester, Sir Robert Wrig/it, Lord Chief Justice, and Sir Thomas Knight, one of the

Barons of the Exchequer.

And it appearing to the Committee, That the Powers granted by all these Commissions were an open and avowed Oppression and Contradiction to the Laws and Government of England;and intended for the utter Subversion of the Protestant Religion, and the Subjects Property and Liberty; they inquired whether the said Commissions were executed by the said Commissioners: And Vol. X.

caused the Book of the Register of the said Commissioners to be brought before them; whereby it is manifest, that all the said Commissioners, named in the said Commission^ save only Wm. Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, actually sat in Execution of the same, and assumed these Powers over the Subjects, pretended to be given them.

That they took upon them to judge Causes, and to tax and give Costs and Charges at their Discretion; and had actually excommunicated Sir Henry Hudson, Baronet, Mr. Charles Stepkins, and others, for Non-payment of Costs and Charges by them given; and decreed his Grace the Duke of Norfolke to pay such Monies as they pleased, or to be excommunicated.

And that they assumed and exercised, in Part, an absolute Power over the Universities; commanded to be brought to them all Writings whatsoever, that concern the Execution and Foundation of their Colleges, and all their Statutes, Rules and Ordinances, as they did to University College in Oxford, Sidny Sussex College in Cambridge, and Christ-church in Oxford: And the said Commissioners took upon them to charge the Foundations, Statutes of Sidney Sussex College aforesaid; and decreed to be absolute, and annihilated, that Part of the Chapter of their Statutes, about the Quality of anew Master to be chosen, which appointed, That he Should detest and abhor Popery, Heresies, and Superstitions; and that Part of the Eleventh Chapter, that requires the Master to be contrary to Popery, and to prefer the Authority of the Scriptures before the Judgment even of the best of Men.

That the said Commissioners also decreed to be abolished, that Part of the Seventeenth Chapter, concerning the Quality of the Fellows of the said College, which required, that they Should be opposite to Popery; and that Part of the Nineteenth Chapter, that forbid all Mandamus’s, and Letters, and Messengers, to be accepted in Favour of any to be chosen Fellows of that College; and made all Elections by such Means, to be void: So that the Committee observed these to be overt avowed Acts, to subvert the Protestant Religion, the Right and Freedom of Election established by the Founders of the said College, which is a Subversion of Property.

That the Committee also observes, That, in all these Commissions, the said late Lord Chancellor Jeffryes was appointed to be of the Quorum, and sat accordingly in the Execution of the same.

That the Committee proceeded to inquire into the Case of Sir Robert Wright, late Lord Chief Justice: And the Cause of his Commitment not being expressed in the Mittimus, they had Recourse to such Matters as are manifest by ‘Record, and publick Writings, and to such of his Actions, as are notoriously known beyond Contradiction.

It appeared to them, That the said Sir Robert Wright was One of the Judges in the Execution of all the Cruelties done there, after the Invasion made by the late Duke of Monmouth: And, that he was one of the Judges that gave Judgment in the Case of Sir Edward Hales, that the King might legally dispense with the Statutes made for the Security of the Kingdom. And the said Sir Robert Wright was a Commissioner in the Fifth Commission for Ecclesiastical Causes; and acted notoriously in the Execution of the same, as well jointly with all the other Commissioners at London, as well particularly with Sir Thomas Jenner, and the Bishop of Chester, at Oxford, by colour of a Clause in the said Fifth Commission, that gave Power to any Two of them to visit St. Mary Magdalene College in the University of Oxford: And the said Sir Robert committed therein great Enormities, expelling the President and Fellows of the said College from their Freehold, and entering upon their Possessions by open Force; and afterwards at London, joined with the other Commissioners aforesaid, to decree the said President, and Fellows of the said College, to be for ever incapable of enjoying or holding any Spiritual Preferment, and using any Spiritual Function: All which Doings, in the Committee’s Opinion, are such manifest Overt Acts, as subvert the Laws and Civil Government of this Kingdom.

P p That

Charges against Lorrf Jefferies.

Charges

against

SirR.WrighU

Charges

against

Sir T. Jenner.

Papers, &c. in custody of Committee uf Grievances.

Grievances of City of London.

Irish

Forfeitures.

Bill of Indemnity.

Lisle's Claim on lA>rd Jeffryes.

That the Committee also inquired into the Case of Sir Thomas Jenner, Knight, late One of the Justices of the

Common Pleas: And, having, as yet, no other Evidence before them of any of his Offences, savin* of such as is before set forth in the Case of Sir Robert; they

can only acquaint this House that it is manifest, that the said Sir Thomas Jenner joined with the other Judges, in declaring the King’s Power to dispense with the Laws made for the Kingdom’s Security: And that he was a' Commissioner in the Fifth Commission for Causes Ecclesiastical, and sat and acted in Execution of those Powers; and took upon him to be One of those Three that were authorized by the said Fifth Commission to visit St. Mary Magdalene College in O.xjbrd; and in Contempt of the known Laws of the Realm, committed most notorious Offences, in expelling the President and Fellows of the said College from their Benefits, and entering upon their Professions by open and notorious Force and Violences; and afterwards, joined in a Decree, at London, to make them for ever incapable of having any Preferments or Benefices Spiritual, and of using their function: AH which, the Committee humbly conceive, do apparently involve the said Sir Thomas Jenner in the Subversion of the Laws and Government of this Kingdom.

Major Wildman further acquaints the House, That he

endeavoured to get the Committee to meet, to examine the Matter relating to the other Prisoners, but could not; and therefore he could not make any Report, at present, as to them.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquaints the House, That he was directed, by the Committee to move the House, That the Chairman of the Grand Committee of Grievances might bring in the Commissions, and other Writings relating to the Court for Ecclesiastical Causes.

Whereupon Sir Joseph Tredcnthe Chairman of the said Grand Committee, acquainted the House, That all the Commissions, and the Register Book of the Commissioners, and other Writings, which were brought to the Committee, were locked up in a Trunk; and at the Direction of the House.

Resolved, That all the said Commissions, and the Register Book, and original Process of the said Court; and also, the said Mr. Grahams, and Mr. Burtons Accompts; be delivered to the Clerk of the House by Schedules, to be safely kept for the Service of the House.

Resolved, That the former Committee to whom it was referred to examine the Cases of the Prisoners in the Toner, Newgate, and the Gatehouse, be revived; and do

examine the Writings in a Trunk, taken with Mr. Brent, and make a Schedule of them.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend the House Tomorrow Morning, with the Record of Godden and Hales.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed the Fifth of March last, to examine into the Grievances relating to the City of London, do sit this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and make their Report Tomorrow Morning to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee for Irish Proposals be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning, proceed in the further Consideration of the Heads for the Bill of Indemnity.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris,24’ die Maii; i° Willielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

A PETITION of Anne Harfeild, Mary Browne, and Mabella Lisle, Daughters of the Lady Lisle, beheaded at Winchester was read; setting forth, That

22

1689;

their Mother, l* Jac. upon the l)nke of Monmouth’s Defeat, was seized on fey a Troop of Horse; her House plundered, and Goods and Chattels taken from her, to some Thousands of Pounds Value: And afterwards she was imprisoned and indicted at Winchester, for harbouring one John Hicks, Clerk, as knowing him a Traitor, though, at that time, not indicted or convicted of any such Crime; and by a Verdict injuriously extorted by the late Lord Jeffrycs, she was attainted, convicted, and executed for High Treason; whereby tlfe Petitioners were left destitute of their Fortune, and forced to sublist on the Charity of their Relations; all the Real Estate being entailed on the Son, being Five hundred Pounds per Annum: And praying the Consideration of the House; and to order the Petitioners what they Should think suitable to their Necessities, out of the Lord Jeffry Estate.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie on the Table.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for building into Tenements the remaining Part of Arundell Grounds, as now inclosed, was read the first

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Reignald Tucker was read; setting forth, The Petitioner, being zealous for the Protestant Religion, suffered greatly for the same under King James the Second; and That upon Advantage taken against him as a Favourer of the late Duke of Monmouth So that the Petitioner was tried at JVeils in Somin March 1 C8-f; and by Sir Francis Withinscondemned do die; but reprieved by the said King, during his Pleasure; who gave the Petitioner’s Estate, Real and Personal, unto us

Oglethorpe, and kept him in Prison till December last: So that he, and his Four Children, were exposed to Miseries: And that the Petitioner’s Wife, Katherine, instead of purchasing a Pardon for him, was, before his Trial, married to one Vaughan, by means of Sir Tho. Williams-, for which the said King pardoned her: And praying the said Sentence and Attainder to be reversed; and a Divorce from his Wife a Vinculo Matrimonii; the Court of Doctors Commons granting Divorcements only a Thoro <$ Mensa.

Resolved, That it he referred to the Committee to whom the Matter of Mr. SpcakesPetition is referred; to examine the Matters of Fact in the said Petition; and report the same to the House.

A Bill to prevent the Forfeitures of Officers going to Sea, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to impower his Majesty to apprehend and detain such Persons as he shall find just Cause to suspect are conspiring against the Government, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That a Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House do immediately resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed upon some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throflghout; and a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. t<

Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Vsher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this House to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

The

23’ — 24° Maii.

Arundell

Building

Grounds,

Tucker's forfeited Estate.

Naval Officers not qualifying.

Suspending

Habeas

Corpus,

Royal Assent to Bills.

I W tf M.

a4av — 2 5- Mali.

Hast India Company.

Ditto.

C W of the

1 iuuse.

i Bill of Indemnity.

Arundel!

Building

Grounds.

Leave of Absence.

Mu’tiplying Gold and Silver.

Irish

Forfeitures.

Suspending

Habeas

Corpus.

The House went up to attend his Majesty accordingly.

And being returned, ' ' '; ‘

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That his Majesty had given the Royal Asient to the Bill for Exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects shim the Penalties of certain Laws: And the Bill for annulling, and making void, the Attainder of AliliaLisle,' Widow: And a Bill for the Sale or Leasing of a capital Messuage, late Mr. Secretary Cm'entrye’s, in Piccadilly.

Ordered, That the Matter relating to the East India Company, upon the Petition of Martha Bolton, which was appointed to be this Day heard at the Bar of this House, be heard Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Matter relating to the East India Company, upon the Petition of Dorothy Bowyer, which w as appointed to be this Day heard at the "Bar of the House, be heard Tomorrow Morning, at Tfcn of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Monday Sevennight.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Monday Morning next, proceed in the further Consideration of the Heads for the Bill of Indemnity.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 25° die Mali; i* Willielmi et Marite.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for building into Tenements the remaining Part of Arioqkll Grounds, as now inclosed, wa?

read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. England, Mr. Hamden, Sir John Doyley, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir 77io.Dyke, Mr. H Sir John Guise, Sir

Cha. Raleigh, Sir Rob NappiMr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Dolben, Sir Malth. Andrea s, Sir Cookes, Sir Christ. Musgrave, Mr. Moore, Sir Calelyn, Lord Fitz-

harding, Sh'John Barker, Mr. Ashbumham, Mr.

Air. Arnold, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Founds, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Boscazcen, Sir Rob.Rich, Sir Cordell, Sir John

JVyne, Sir Jo.Reuse, Sir H. Ashhurst, Sir H. Johnson, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Just. Isham: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Air. have Leave to go into the Country, for a fortnight.

Ordered, That Afr. Burdot have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Leave be giving to bring in a Bill to repeal the Statute of 50 II. IV. concerning multiplying Gold and Silver.

Ordered, That Afr. Pollen, Sir Rob. Colton, Afr. Boyle, Sir Tho. Darcye, Sir Jo. Guise, Sir Cutler, Sir JVm. Ashurst, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Hen. Afr. Reynell, Mr. Ehcell, Sir JVm. Pinscnt, and all the Members that

serve for the City of London, be added to the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for raising Atonies upon forfeited Lands in Ireland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for irrfpowering his Majesty to apprehend and detain such Persons, as he shall find just Cause to suspect are conspiring against the Government, w as read the Third time.

Vol. X.

And Hie Question being put, that the Bill do pass;

The House divided.1

.TMfeN. }*'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act for impowering their Majesties to commit, without Bail, such Persons as they shall find just Cause to suspect are conspiring against the Government.

Ordered, That Afr. Hamden do carry die Bill up to the Lords, for their Concurrence!

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hussey have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Three Weeks. ! Absence.

Mr, Onslow reports from the Committee appointed to East India examine how, and by w hat Warrant, the Charters of the Company. 35th of King Charles the Second, and the Charters of King James uie Second, to the East India Company; and the Commission to Sir John Wyborne, and others, in April 1685 > were obtained; That they had examined the same accordingly, and agreed upon a Report: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w'as read; and is aS followeth; viz.

That diey find entered in the Signet Office, in July 1683, a Charter granted to the East India Company; and that the Bill was subscribed by the Attorney General;

And that Afr. Serjeant Jenkins procured the King’s Hand.

That the said Charter did pass the Privy Seal in the said Afonth of July; and that it was subscribed by the Attorney General, by Warrant under his Majesty’s Signet Afanual.

That, in the Signet Office, is Entry of a Charter, granted to the East India Company in February 168*.

That the Bill was subscribed by the Attorney General, and the King's Hand procured by the Earl of Sunderland.

That the said Charter did pass the Privy Seal in the said Afonth of February; that it was subscribed by the Attorney General, by Warrant under the King's Signet Afanual.

That, in the Hanaper Office, there is an Entry of a Charter, granted to the East India Company in August

1683.

Another in the same Office; in April 1686.

That they also examined the Crown Office; but find no Commission to Sir John Wybourne, entered to the India Company, since 1G83.

Ordered, That Sir Tho?nas Dyke have Leave, for a Leave of Fortnight, to go into the Country. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir John Barker have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

The House proceeded in the further Hearing of the East India Afatter upon the Petitions of Martha Bolton and Dorothy Company. Bowyer, against the East India Company:

And the Counsel and Parties, on both Sides were called in, and farther heard; and several Witnesses examined.

And the Counsel for the East Italia Company delivered so a Narrative of the Rebellion, or Tumult, which happened 21* October 1684, dated at SHelena, 27 December

1684.

And the Journal of the Proceedings of the Court Afartial upon the Commission, granted in 1685,

dated at St. Helena, 30 December 1685.

Then the Order for producing the Instructions given relating to the Commission of exercising Martial Laws, w as read: And the Instructions were inquired after, of the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Company; and they acknowledged the having of them: But they insisted, That Counsel were of Opinion they Should not be produced, in regard they might, perhaps, accuse some Persons of Criminal Alatters: And, being asked, Who signed them; they desired to know, Whether they must be compelled to answer that Question.

Whereupon

Orphans of London.

Irish

Protestants.

Multiplying Gold and Silver.

Fitsharris*

Case.

Speakers

Prosecution.

15*

85* — 17* Matt. A. 1689.

Whereupon the Counsel, and Parties, withdrew.

And a Debate arose thereupon.

Resolved, That the Governor and Deputy Governor be called in; and that they be acquainted, That the House do not constrain them to produce their Instructions; but to require them to give an Answer, Whether they will produce them, or not

And they were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Whereupon, the Deputy Governor said, That, without the Consent of the Governor and Committee, he could not produce them; and, unless the House do command him to produce them, he cannot do it

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That the further Debate -touching the said Matter, be adjourned until Wednesday next, at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That the Governor and Deputy Governor be called in; and acquainted therewith: And that the House dp desire them, then, to give their Resolution, Whether they will produce the Instructions: And that then they do come prepared to make their further Defence.

And they were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith, accordingly.

They then acquainted the House, That they had obtained a Copy of the Commission of 1685, out of the Privy Council Books; and delivered the same in to the House.

Resolved, That the further Debate and Consideration touching the Matter aforesaid, be adjourned until Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

.....resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of; and

nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee touching the Address for the Irish Protestants, be made upon Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned until Monday Morning, next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna,27* die Mali; l# Willielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

A BILL to repeal the Statute of the 50 Hen. IV.

against multiplying Gold and Silver, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Major Vincent, Mr. Blake, Colonel Tipping, Sit John Knatchbull, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Paul Foley, be added to the Committee appointed to examine the Case of Mrs. Fitzharris; and to report the same to the House.

A Petition of George Speake of White in the County of Someret, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That he being, about Four Years since, accused for several treasonable Practices, an Infonnation was preferred by Mr. Burton and Mr. Graham in Michaelmas Term 1685, against him; to which he pleaded Not-guilty: And that, alter Issue was joined, and entered upon the Roll, in order to a Trial, they, finding several Mistakes, persuaded Justice Holloway to give an Order in his Chamber, in the Vacation time, without Rule of Court, or Consent, that the Clerk of the Crown Should alter the Record in several Things, contrary to Law, and Practice of the Court: And that, thereupon, the Petititioner was tried, and convicted, and fined Two thousand Marks: And that Mr. Burton and Mr. Graham, and their Agents, designing to extort a greater Sum, procured some indigent Person, by Menaces

of taking away their Lives, and by Promises of great Rewards, to swear against his Wife: And that, thereupon, a Bill of High Treason was found against her: And afterwards, upon a Proposition of Payment of Five thousand Pounds for the King’s Pardon for the Petitioner, and Family; and, if refused, Threats of His being indicted also; the Petitioner thought fit to pay the Five thousand Pounds; All which were, to the Petitioner’s Damage, above Ten thousand Pounds: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee to whom the former Petition of the said Mr. Speake was referred: And that Sir John Austen, and Mr. Parker, be added to the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill to enable to sell Lands, was Soley’s read the Third time. ' Estate.

An Amendment being proposed to be made in the Bill, by inserting the Word "aforesaid," in P. L. # , after the Word " # ;" the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better assuring the Manor of Silton, and divers other Lands and Tenements in Silton in the County of Salop, unto Joseph Soley, Gentleman, and his Heirs.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Petition of certain Citizens of London, on the Behalf prosecntion of themselves and others, convicted of a Riot, and fined of Citizens unreasonably for the same, was read; setting forth, That, of London, upon Trial of an Information against the Petitioners, and 1 a* other Citizens, for a pretended lliot, committed the Twenty-fourth of June 1682, at Guildhall, London, in the Election of Sheriffs, That the late Lord Chief Justice Saunders, before whom the Cause was tried, denied the Petitioners their Challenges to the Array, one . whereof ... Sir Dudley North and Sir Peter Rich were not Sheriffs, who impannelled the Jury; and that the said Chief Justice refused to seal a Bill of Exception; by which undue means, the Defendants were found Guilty: That after the Verdict.

Sir Thomas Jones, Sir Thomas Raymond, and Sir Francis

Withens, rejected a Motion made by the Petitioners Counsel, for filing a Postea in the same Cause, which had been concealed by Mr. Wird of the Crown Office; which Postea would have discharged the said Verdict: That the Petitioners, with other Defendants, in Trinity Term 1683,

Chief Justice Saunders being dead, was, by the said Three Judges. unreasonably fined; and, by Imprisonment, forced to pay the same: That, forasmuch as the said Proceedings are grievous to the Petitioners, and relievable only in Parliament, and praying Redress in the Premises.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of # Wilmore is referred; to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervois have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hillersdon have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr. Bull have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

Sir William Poullneyreports from the Conference with Enabling

the Lords, touching the Amendments proposed by the Commission-House to be made to the ingrossed Bill, sent down from *re3a"^preat the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Lords Com- execute Lord missioners for the Great Seal to execute the Office of Lord Chancellor-Chancellor or Lord Keeper, That the Lord Cornwallis sll'P-managed the Conference for the Lords; and said, the Lords do agree to some of the said Amendments, with some Amendments of theirs thereto; to which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House: And that as to other of the said Amendments, they do not agree; and

gave

w.& m:

2 7° Maii.

*53

gave their Reasons for the same: And, thereupon, Sir Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to William Poultney read the said Amendments, with the whom the Bill was committed, to prepare Reasons to be

Coherence; and acquainted the House with the said Reasons: And are as follow; viz.

l Press, L. 39, the Commons Amendments does not cohere, unless the Word " Commissioners" be left out of the 40th Line.

46 L. the Bill, as it is amended by the Commons, does not cohere, without leaving out the Word "that," in their Amendment; and the Words "to have, use, and execute," in the 56th Line of the Bill.

offered at a Conference, why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the said Amendments.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Suspending Sir Robert Regard; Habeas

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to <"orpu* acquaint this House, that they have passed the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower their Majesties to commit, without Bail, such Persons as they shall find just Cause

70 L. this Amendment not agreed to, because it will to suspect are conspiring against the Government, with-be a Precedent to give Place to all Persons, who are, or out any Alteration, shall be, Commissioners for executing all other great And then the Messengers withdrew.

Offices, how numerous soever.

71. L. not agreed to leave out the Proviso, because, by leaving out this Clause, every single Commissioner will have Power to apply the Great Seal, in as full a Manner, as if he were Chancellor or Lord Keeper. And,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Eyres and Conference Mr. Baron Turton; 'p’n1^0"14*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference 0 ax* with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject

if they Should not singly assume such Power, it will be Matter of the last Conference upon the additional Poll Bill.

----- '----- ‘ ’ ' ' ’ And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House do agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as desired.

And the Messengers being called in again; Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the Persons who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch be added to them.

The Managers went to the Conference accordingly: And being returned;

Mr. Hamden reports from the Conference, That the

very inconvenient to the Commissioners, not to have Power singly to hear Interlocutory Motions.

81 L. not agreed to leave out this Clause, because the Lords think the Nomination of the Castos Rotulorum ought rather to be in the King, than any Subject.

Agreed to add the Clause \A\, with the Amendments following; viz.

2 L. after " Rotulorum," leave out to " shall," in the 5th Line.

20 after " Office," leave out to the End of the Clause; and insert " by doing any thing that is, or shall be, contrary to the Laws, or shall oppress the People, by Managers had attended the Lords; that the Lord Hun-exacting undue Fees, or otherwise, upon due Conviction managed tl»e Conference; and said, That the

thereof, by Two or more credible Witnesses upon Oath, Lords insisted upon their Amendments; and gave their before the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions, Reasons for the same, as followeth; viz. it shall and may be lawful, for the Justices of the Peace 1. That it is the common course of Parliaments to pass in the Quarter Sessions, or the major Part of them, to explanatory Acts of any thing that has been omitted, or ill. displace the said Clerk of the Peace, upon giving Notice expressed, in any other Act passed in the same Session: thereof to the Custos RotulorumAnd One of that Sort has passed in this present Session.

The Lords do not agree to add the Clause [C]; 2. That the House of Commons have, in this Bill,

Because, if the Grants from his late Majesty King taken care of the Serjcanis Inn, and the Inns of Court and Charles the Second be good Grants, this Bill will not Chancery, that they Should be rated by their own Mem-

affect them; and, if they be not good, the Lords do not think fit to strengthen them by a Law.

The Lords do not agree to add " this Act to commence from the First Day of May 1689;" because this Clause will destroy some Part of the Body of the Bill.

The Lords Amendments of the said Amendments

bers; and that, since there is no Comparison to be made between them and the Peers of England, therefore the Peers ought to be rated by none but those which are of their own House.

3. That the House of Peers, out of their extraordinary Zeal for the Reducing of Ireland, (the Poll Bill coming up so late to them from the House of Commons, that

were Thrice read; and, upon the Question severally put they had not so much time to deliberate upon every Part

thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Lords, touching the Amendments, L. 70:

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Lords, touching the Amendment, Line 71;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords, touching the Amendment, L. 81;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yea J|pr Hen.Gcodrick,

3 lb\r Jos. Iredtunaviy

Tellers for the Noesi^0-

149.

112.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The several Amendments, proposed by the Lords to the Clause [A], were Once read throughout; and afterwards' one by one: And,

The Question being severally put thereupon, That the House do agree with the Lords therein;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords, not to add the Clause [C];

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords, not to add the Words, " this Act to commence from the First Day of May 1689;"

It passed in the Negative,

Vox.. X.

of it, as had been necessary, if so pressing an Occasion would have allowed it) did make this Omission: Which, for that Reason, ought not to turn to their Prejudice; it being their undoubted Right, which has been preserved in all former Poll Bills; and particularly, in the last, which was passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of King Charles the Second; the Proviso of that Bill being conceived in the same Terms with the Proviso now offered,

A Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for laying a Tax upon Ground Rents, upon Supply Bill; new Foundations, was read the First time. . pro"‘ld

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on en Friday next

Ordered, That the Bill for granting a Subsidy to their Supply Bill; Majesties be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, Lan<1 Tax-at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Knevet, Major Arundell Wildman, be added to the Committee, to whom the 5ulldin8 ingrossed Bill sent down from the Lords,' intituled, An Act for building into Tenements the remaining Part of Arundell Grounds, as now inclosed.

Grounds.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Wednesday Morning next, proceed in the further Consideration of the Heads for the Bill of Indemnity.

Q q

Bill of Indemnity,

Irish

Protestants.

Committees.

Wounded

Seamen.

Arundell

Building

Grounds#

Irish

Protestants.

*54

270 — ?8°

4>:

Ordered, That the Report, from the Committee appointed to prepare an Address concerning the Irish Protestants, he made'Tommorrow Morning, at the First Sitting.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning /Nine of the Clock.

Mqrtis, 28* die Maii;

T# Willielmi etMariae.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That all the Members that serve for the Sea Ports and Maritime Towns, be added to the Committee appointed to consider of a Way to provide for Seam, en that are maimed, and the Wives and Children of such as shall be slain in their Majesties Service.

Mr. England reports from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Rill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for building into Tenements the remaining Part of Arundell Grounds, as now inclosed, That they had considered thereof, and did not think fit to make any Alterations therein.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read the Third time. The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. England do carry the Bill up to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House thereunto, without any Alteration.

Sir Joseph Tredenham reports from the Committee, to whom the'Address concerning the Irish Protestants was re-committed, That the Committee had considered of the Matters to them referred, and had agreed upon an Address to be presented to his Majesty; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

WE Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our serious and tender Considerations, the many great Sufferings of the Protestant Nobility and Gentry of Ireland, which their Zeal for the Protestant Religion, Your Majesties Service, the Interest of England in that Kingdom, and Love to our Nation, have exposed them to; whereby great Numbers have been forced to fly hither, deprived of all their real Estates, as well as personal, of a much greater Value; so that they are thereby reduced to the most pressing Necessities, and are become great Objects of Compassion; being the only Body of Protestants that are ruined by the late happy Resolution; which hath wrought so great a Deliverance not only for the rest of Your Majesties Subjects, but for all the Protestant Interest in ;most humbly

crave Leave, on their Behalf, to offer their deplorable Condition to Your Majesties most Princely Consideration.

And whereas, by reason of their Numbers,....

very apprehensive of their being and continuing a Burden and Charge to this Kingdom, while they remain, in such Condition, unemployed; and that many of them are, for their Interest in, and Knowledge of, that Kingdom, as well as Experience in Military Affairs, (having served there, and thereby inured to the Country) well qualified to serve under Your Majesties for the Reducing thereof; and all of them pressing and forward for that Service, as well as to redeem their Wives, Children, Friends, or Relations, from the present Slavery, and miserable Oppression, they groan under;

1. We humbly recommend such of the said Nobility and Gentry, as are fit for Military Employments, as very proper Persons for Reducing of that Kingdom to its Obedience to the Crown.

2. That such of them as are not fit for such Service,

’ 2 5

may, as Your Majesty, shall have an Opportunity, be put into such Civil Employments as they are capable of, acr cording to their several Abilities and Professions.

3. For the present Supply of the great; Necessities of the said Nobility and Gentry of Ireland, we humbly pray,

That such Part of the Stock which the late King hath in the East India and Guinea Companies, as yet undisposed of, may be sold, and distributed among them, according to a List of Distribution already settled, and herewith presented to Your Majesties; with regard to others not yet appearing; as their Estates, and other their Circumstances, shall be presented, in order to their Support and Maintenance, proportionably with the rest: And that, for a furT ther and standing Fund for their future Subsistence, until Ireland be reduced, Your Majesties will, be graciously pleased to issue forth Your Royal Proclamation, requiring all Papists, beyond the Seas, who have Estates in England, and all Protestants that are in Arms, or otherwise engaged in Service against Your Majesties, if any such there be, to return within such convenient time: And, that the Estates of all such as shall not give Obedience thereunto, be seized into Your Majesties Hands, for the Relief of the Nobility and Gentry, who are, or shall be, deprived of their Estates there. And, because possibly the said Funds, as well for the present Supply, as future Subsistence of the said Nobility and Gentry, may prove either so insufficient or dilatory a Provision, as their pressing Necessities cannot dispense with; we humbly pray Your Majesties to appoint such other certain and sufficient Fund as may answer those Ends: And w-e are the rather induced to make this our humble Supplication to Your Majesty on Behalf of the said Nobility and Gentry, because we esteem ourselves obliged to afford them present Relief and Support, and to represent the speedy Recqvery of the Kingdom of Ireland, of great Importance to This, in all respects, as Your Majesties and the Nation's true Interest.

And, in regard we have not named his Grace the Dukeof Ormond amongst the restof the Nobility and Gen-

try of Ireland, in the List before-mentioned, because of his eminent Service, Quality, and great Estate; and lest the Fund we have proposed may not allow such Provision, as his State and Merits require; we do therefore humbly beseech Your Majesties, to take the Condition of the said Duke, and his great Merits and Sufferings, into Your particular and Royal Consideration: And that your Majesty will be pleased also to consider of the rest of the Nobility and Gentry already fled, and daily coming from Ireland, that remain unprovided for.

The same was again read, Paragraph by Paragraph:

And an Amendment being proposed to be made in the First Paragraph, by leaving out these Words, " of much greater Value;" the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the First Paragraph, so amended, be agreed unto.

The Three next Paragraphs were, upon the Question severally put, agreed unto by the House.

The Fifth Paragraph being read a Second time, the Persons appointed the 22th Instant, to inquire, by the best Means they could, what Stock the late King James had undisposed of, in the East India Company, Guinea Company, and Hudsons Bay Company: and to bring an Account thereof to the House ... to make their Report concerning the same:

Whereupon Mr. Papillioh acquainted the House, That East India they had made Inquiry accordingly; and found, as to Stock, &c.

the East India Company, FateK Junes

That 3,000l. Stock, in the said Company, was purchased and transferred to his Royal Highness Duke of Yorke, as followeth; viz.

I.2,000, the 30 Apr. 1684, from Sir 500, the 22 Sept. 1684, from Ro. Nelson, Esq.

500, the 1 Oct. 1684, from SirBen. Bat hurst.

That 7,000l. Stock more, in the said Company, to make up the former 3,000l. Stock to be ip, oooo/. Stock, was transferred from the Accompt apart, of Geo. Boune to King James his Accompt: Which was, in the said Com-?

pany’s Books, so passed the 30th of November 1687.

That

I W. & M.

a8° — 29 ° Maii. 155

That, by a Transfer, dated at Germains the 10th of January 1684, signed James and sealed with a Seal in hard Wax, and witnessed by F.Grahiiie and Raw. the said King Janies did transfer 3,000l. Stock in the said Company to James Grahme; which said Transfer is attested also by Two publick Acts in French, of publick Notaries, and the Provost des Merchands: And they find, that the said Transer was accepted, and passed in the said Company’s Book, the 1st March 1684.

That the said James Grahme hath transferred the said 3,000l. as followeth; viz.

500 /. loJosiah Child, Esquire, the 2d Mar. 1689.

1,200, to IVm. Sheppard, the 2d Mar. ditto.

1,300, to Rich. Sterne of Yorkc, Esq. 25 1689.

As to the Guinea or AJrican Company, they find, That,

the First Julyi(*74, his Royal Highness James Duke of

Yorke had Credit per the general Stock 3,000 /.; and, on Inquiry, the same was affirmed to be so much paid in Money.

That by a Transfer, dated at St. Germain the 10th January 1684, signed, sealed, witnessed, and attested, as the Transfer above-mentioned of the Lidia Stock, the said 3,000l. was transferred to James Grahme; and the same passed in the Company’s Books the 12th March 1684: The Acceptance of the said Transfer by James Grahme, hath no Date; but was affirmed to be done the said 12th Day of March.

That the said James Grahme hath, as yet, transferred only 2, 500 /. of the said /,oooo /. Stock; viz.

20th April 1689, - to Rob. Booth - - 100 /.

20th ditto - - - to Urban Hall - - 200l.

23 ditto - - - to Sir Tho Forc/e - 1,500l.

23 ditto - - - to Cha. Pigeon - - 700 /.

So there remains 500l. as Colonel James Grahme hath not yet transferred.

As to Hudson Bay Company, they find, That his Royal Highness James Duke of Yorke hath Credit, for his Share, in the general joint Stock and Adventure in that Company’s Stock, 300 /.; which Stock was passed to his Credit in Anno 1676, and continues so yet undisposed of.

A Debate arose thereupon, what Sum Should be desired for the said Persons present Subsistence.

Resolved, That 15,000l. be the Sum that his Majesty be desired to distribute among the Irish Nobility and Gentry.

Ordered, That the said Address be re-committed to the same Committee, to make the same agreeable to the said Resolve: And that Mr. Hoice, Sir Littleton, Mr. Colt, Sir Jonath. Jennings, Sir John Cope, Sir Algernoon May, be added to the said Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Pjace formerly appointed; and to make their' Report to the House, with all convenient Speed.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting a Subsidy to their Majesties was A Tax. rea(j jjie seCull(j time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tp proceed in the Consideration of the said Bill.

Resolved, That the House will proceed de die in diem, upon the said Bill, until it be finished.

Royal Assent A Message from the King, by Sir Thomas Duppa, to Bills. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker, '

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, the House went up to attend his Majesty: And being returned,

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That his Majesty had given his Royal Assent to several Acts; vizi

An Act to impower their Majesties t6 commit, without ' Bail, such Persons as they shall find just Cause to suspect are conspiring against the Government: And,

An Act for building into Tenements the remaining Part of Arundell Ground, as now inclosed.

Vol. X.

Besolved, That the House do, on, next, resolve Orphans 0/

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed London, in the Consideration of the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Ordered, That the Report, touching the Breach of Privilege. Privilege between Sir Bichard Temple and Mr. Palmes, be made Tomorrow Sevenriight.

Resolved, That the adjourned Debate, upon the Report Dill from the Conference touching the Amendments to the additional-Poll Bill, be resumed Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 29* die Mali; 1® Willielmi ct Maria;.

Prayers.

H E adjourned Debate, upon the Report from the Poll Bill. Conference with the Lords, touching the Amendments to the additional Poll Bill, was resumed.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords therein;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire a free Conference, upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments to the additional Poll Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamden sen. Sir John Trevor, Mr.

Finch, be added to the Persons that managed the last Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Txvisden have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

Resolved, That the House will proceed in the Consi- Bill of deration of the Bill of Oaths, next after the Money Bills Oaths-are dispatched.

Resolved, That the Bill touching Bankrupts, be read a Bankrupt*. Second time Tomorrow Sevennight.

The Order for proceeding upon the Matter touching East India the East India Company was read. Company.

And the Governor and Deputy Governor being called in, Mr. Speaker desired to know their Resolutions touching the Producing the Instructions.

And the Governor acquainted the House, That the Committee for the Company begged the Favour of the

House, That they might not be compelled to produce them; being advised, by their Counsel, not to do it.

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That they be called in again; and asked, If they have any further Delence to make; and also, afterwards, concerning any Stock of King James lately trans- -ferred in the Company.

And they were called in; and asked accordingly.

And they desired the Narrative and Journal, formerly , delivered into the House, may be read: And acknowledged, That King James had Three thousand Pounds Stock in the Company: But that he bought it with his own Money; and therefore, they epneeived, ought not to have denied the admitting of a Transfer thereof.

And that, as to the Seven thousand Pounds Residue, it was a Present made to him by the Company.

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That the Council on both Sides be called in.

And, accordingly, they came in; and were again heard what they had to offer; and Witnesses examined again touching the Matters complained of

And then they withdrew.

And

Bill of Indemnity.

Grievances of City of London.

156

49* M

A. 1689.

And a Debate arising in the House, upon what had Moore summoned the Aldermen and Sheriffs only, to been offered in the Cause; attend him to Whitehall: When they came there, they

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday were called before the Council; and many Witnesses ex-Sevennight next. amined there on Oath, concerning the Sheriffs Proceed-

ings: And the Two Sheriffs thereupon were charged, The Order for proceeding in the further Consideration That they exceeded their Bounds, in proceeding in the of the Heads of the Bill of Indemnity was read. Poll after the Lord Mayor’s Adjournment.

Resolved, That the Bailing, by the Court of King's The Sheriffs had no Notice of this Accusation before-Benck, Persons committed upon Impeachments by this hand; nor had they any Counsel with them: But they House, is one of the Crimes, for which some Persons may justified their Proceedings, That the Poll, of Right, did

justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

Mr. Foley reports from the Committee appointed the Fifth of March last, to inquire who were the Authors and Advisers of the several Grievances then resolved, relating to the City of London, That the Committee having often met, and examined into the several Matters accordingly; they had directed him to make a Report thereof: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That, as to the First Resolution relating to the City of London, it appeared by many Witnesses, That, on Midsummer Day 1682, Sir John Moore, Lord Mayor, the Aldermen and Common Council being met in the Guildhall, as was usual, Proclamation was made, by the common Cryer at the Hustings, That they were come thither to confirm One Sheriff, and to elect another: At which, the Citizens were so dissatisfied, that they would not proceed, till the common Cryer had, by the Assent of Sir John Moore, declared they Should choose Two: Upon which the Citizens proceeded; and held up their Hands for Four; viz. Sir Dudley North (then Mr. North), Mr. Papillion, Mr. Dubois, and Mr. Box: And the then Sheriffs, viz.

Mr. Pilkington, and Mr. Shute, upon the View, did declare the Majority to be for Mr. Papillion and Mr. Dubois: Upon which, a Poll was demanded for Mr. North and Mr. Box. Hereupon many Citizens went to the Court of Aldermen, with whom the Lord Mayor then was; and declared who had the Majority'; and desired, there might be a Poll for All: And Sheriff Pilkington, coming then to the Court of Aldermen, declared how he found the Majority; and that he had promised the Hall a Poll: And it was then agreed, by the Mayor and Court of Aldermen, a Poll Should be taken: And the Town Clerk, Mr. Wagstaffe, was ordered by the Lord Mayor, to make Books for all Four: which he did, and delivered those Books to the Sheriffs: And, accordingly, a Poll was begun to be taken for all Four, by the Direction of the Sheriffs, about Two a Clock that Day; and, after they

belong to them to take, and they were Judges of it: Upon which they were committed to the Tower.

The Common Hall were to meet the Day following, June the Twenty-seventh, both by the Adjournment of the Lord Mayor, and of the Sheriffs: But the Sheriffs, being Prisoners in the Tower, writ to the Lord Mayor, and desired the Poll Should be adjourned, till the Fifth of July following; which was done by the Consent of the Common Hall.

..... Being met, and the Sheriffs at that time, out on Bail, the Lord Mayor sent a Message by Sir Geo. Trebye That he was fallen sick; and therefore desired there Should be an Adjournment till Friday following, July the Seventh: Upon which, the Sheriffs put that to the Question, Whether they Should adjourn, or no: And, being carried in the Negative, they proceeded to take, the Poll, and finished the same; and afterwards, declared upon the Hustings, that the Votes for

Mr. Papillion were - - 1 - 2,750

Mr. Dubois - - - 2,706

Mr. North - - - - 1,552

Mr. Box ----- 1,606

And, thereupon, the then Sheriffs declared Mr. Papillion and Mr. Dubois to be the Sheriffs for the Year ensuing: And afterwards, the same Day, reported what was done, to the Lord Mayor.

Friday, the Seventh of July, the Lord Mayor, on a Conceipt that his Message to the Court to adjourn (though they consented not) was in Law an Adjournment, sent for Counsel Sir George Jeffryes and Mr. Saunders, to argue that Point against Mr. Pollexjen and Sir Wm. Williams, and the Recorder Sir George Treby, who were Counsellor the City, to defend them against the Quo Warranto, which was prosecuted against them by Sir George Jeffrycs and Mr. Saunders, that such a Message could be no Adjournment; and, consequently, that there was no common Hall that Day, there being no new Summons, though many Citizens were there to hear what was done.

After the Counsel had argued, the Lord Mayor resolved

he would adjourn it, taking it for a Common Hall, until had proceeded therein, the Lord Mayor, Sir John Moore, the Fourteenth of: And, being pressed not to follow together with Sir James Edwards, Sir Wm.Pritchard, the Advice of that Counsel, who were against their Char-Sir Jonathan Raymond, Sir Simon Leads, and other Alder- ter; but of them, who were for the Defending of it; the

men, since dead, together with one Adam Bancks, and Town Clerk said, He heard the Lord Mayor, as he was Hall, Two known Papists, with many others, about going to do it, say, " I am resolved to do it: If I perish. Five a Clock, finding it was like to go against North, I perish." And, accordingly, he did pronounce an Act-came to the Poll, in a disorderly Manner, crying, " Con- joumment to the Fourteenth of; by which Day, an firmation;" and would have that Word put on the Top Order of the Privy Council was procured, That the City of the Column for North; and the Poll adjourned: To Should proceed to a new Election: And the Common which the Sheriffs not consenting, afterward Sir John Hall being met that Day, the Order was read; but the Moore, and the Aldermen with him, went to the Council Common Hall insisted on the First Election.

Chamber, where the Majority of the Aldermen then pre- Mr. Peter Essington said, He, being near the Lord sent joined with the Lord Mayor, to order an Adjourn- Mayor, heard him say, If they would go on to a Poll, ment: And gave Order to Mr. Wagstaffe, to go and they Should poll for all Four; and he would wave his adjourn the Common Hall: And, accordingly, he die- Drinking to Mr. North: Upon which, the Citizens, pro-tated to the Cryer; who declared an Adjournment till testing for the Saving their Right on the First Poll, were the Twenty-seventh Day of June. induced to proceed to a new Poll: And the same was

The Sheriffs being still polling, and taking themselves, begun, and carried on, for some time, by the Sheriffs According to constant Usage, to be Judges thereof, took Order; until the Lord Mayor came again to the Hall;

and called out Mr. North as Sheriff; and would allow of no Poll but for Three: But the Sheriffs, notwithstanding this, went on, and took the Poll for all Four; which they finished the next Day; and then the Numbers on the Poll, stood as followeth;

For Tho. Papillion -

no Notice of the Adjournment of the Lord Mayor; but by Advice of Counsel learned in the Law, went on with their Poll, till about Eight or Nine of the Clock; when the Books were sealed up: And, by the Consent of the Hall, they adjourned the Poll till the Twenty-seventh of June. Whilst they were polling, in the Yard, Proclama-- tien was made, by the Order of Sir John Moore, for all to depart, upon Pain of Imprisonment

On Monday, the Twenty-sixth Day of June, Sir John

For John Dubois For Ralph Box - For Dudley North

2,487 2,4S 1 173 107

And

29°

And accordingly, the Fifteenth of July, the Sheriffs did again declare Mr. Papillionand Mr. Dubois to be Sheriff’s: But, during this Poll, the Lord Mayor ordered a Poll to be taken by Mr. Crispe, the common Serjeant, Mr. Monk, Mr. Lightfoote, and others; at which they would

allow none to poll lor Mr. North; and the Managers of that Poll gave ill Language to the Citizens, who came to inspect it: Which Poll had very few, but who gave their Votes for Box; the other Citizens giving their Votes, at the Poll appointed to betaken by the Sheriffs: And, upon the Poll taken by the Lord Mayor’s Officers, the common Serjeant made Report, That had the Majority in his Poll; and the Lord Mayor, thereupon, declared North and Box Sheriff’s.

After this, many Petitions and Addresses were made by the Citizens to the Lord Mayor, that they might have the Sheriff’s they had chosen; and Caveats were entered with the Town Clerk, against the swearing North and Box and, particularly, July the Eighteenth the then Sheriffs gave an Account to the Lord Mayor, both of the First and Second Poll; and that the Citizens, who declared against the Continuation of Mr. North, on the Poll, were 2,414-

The Fifth Day of September, Sir IVm. Cooper and Mr. Raynlon, who had been Knight of the Shire for Middlesex, and many others, Gentry of Middlesex, and Citizens of Westminster, petitioned the Lord Mayor, That he would declare Mr. Papillion and Mr. Dubois Sheriffs; and the Citizens of London petitioned, That they may be called on to give their Bonds, according to Custom.

i he Answer the Gentry of Middlesex, and Citizens of Westminster, had, was, That they were indicted in the King's Bench for their Petition; but, pleading the special Matter, they escaped, because the Court did not think fit to proceed therein. But the Answer the Citizens had, w as, '1 hat II eslminslerHall was open, add they had their Remedy there.

After this, the Fifth of September, the Court of Aldermen admitted Mr. Bov to a Fine; and summoned another Common llall, the Nineteenth of when they

proposed to the Common Hall, to proceed to elect one in the Place of Mr. Box: Upon which, the Citizens cried out. They would stand to the First Poll: And the Sheriffs putting that Question, Whether they would stand to the First Poll, or not; it was carried by 2,092 to stand to the First Poll; the Negative was 12; for Sir Dudley North 1; for Peter Rich 21.

When the Common Hall was met, some of the Citizens, w ho were for Sir Peter Rich, had agreed beforehand, that they Should be directed by a Sign of a Handkerchief held up, to hold up their Hands: And though those who were near the Common Cryer, (who in such (arses is to put the Question) could not hear, that ever he named Rich; yet one standing near him, holding up a Handkerchief; and another in the Clerk House, holding up another; and another in the Sheriffs Court, which was at the lower Find of the Hall; occasioned when the Poll was taken, that these Twenty-one polled for Rich; though the Generality of the Hall knew nothing of his being proposed: Whereupon the Common Serjeant reporting this to the Lord Mayor, and Court of Aldermen, the Lord Mayor came down, and declared Peter Rich to be Sheriff’.

'Fhe Twenty-sixth of September, Rich, coming to sign his Bond, was advised, by the Citizens, and many of his Friends, against taking the Office; Things being thus carried: To w horn he Yeplied, That the Lord Mayor and Aldermen being his Masters; if the Lord Mayor declared Rim Sheriff, he would accept of it.

The Companies were summoned to attend, according to Custom, the Twenty-eighth of September, at the Sw earing of the Sheriffs: But when they came thither, they found Soldiers at the Door, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Quoining, who refused many entering into the

Hall; and, afterwards, those who got in, were kept oft from coming to the Hustings; and they had no Way to get through, but by saying, they were Friends to Mr, V o g.X.

Mail. 157

North, and then they let them pass; And, irl particular, Grievance Sir John Laurence, who got into the Hall, and got up to of

the Hustings Door, lie being one of the senior Aldermen, n "* who, by Custom, ought to be present at the Swearing of the Sheriffs, was abused by the Soldiers; and, by Force, pulled from the Bar, though he told them, they knew he was an Alderman, and Justice of Peace; and asked them, How they durst meddle with him, and by whose Order they did it: Whose Answer was, That w as not material, whether they had Order or not; but afterwards said, They had express Order from the Lord Mayor and the Lieutenancy. Sir Tho. Gould, Sir Patience Ward, A\-

derman Cornish, and others, w ere used in the like Manner.

Mr. Lucy Knight ley, with much Difficulty, got up to the Flustings; where Sir Janies Smith asked him, What he did there: Who said, He came to protest against the Lord Mayor's Proceedings: On which Sir James S/nith quarrelled with him, and caused him to be put out: BuQ before he went, he saw Mr. Papillion and Mr. Dubois, after they had demanded of the Lord Mayor to be sworn, lay their Hands on the Book: The Lord Mayor commanded them to take them oft’; but they putting their Hands on again, Sir James Smith said to them, What, do you assault

my Lord Mayor on the Hustings? On which they were forced to desist, notwithstanding the Claims made by Papillion and Dubois, w Inch appearsin several Papers: But Sir John Moure, in the Presence of Sir Ji m. Hooker, Sir James Edv ards, Sir Win.Pritchard, Sir James Smith, Sir

Robert Jeff ryes. Sir Simon Lewis, and Sir Jonathan Raymond, and Four more Aldermen since dead, who came with Sir John Moore to the Guildhalland there, with an armed Force, did swear North and Rich Sheriffs.

The Citizens, for what they did, in asserting their Rights, were indicted for Riots, and fined' thereupon.

The Prosecution of which was managed by Burton and Grab me; vi z.

Thomas Pilkington, Esquire, - - 500 — —

Samuel Shute, Esquire, - - - 666’ 13 4

Slingsby Bet hell, Esquire, who was not in'] the Common Hall or Yard, nor near either, |g66 13 4

when he w as indicted for a Riot there -J Henry Cornish, Esquire, - ( 666 13 4

Sir i homes Player - - 333 6 8

Samuel Swinock - 333 6 8

John Deagle - - 266 4

Rich. Freeman - - 200

Fran.Jenks - - 200 —

John Jeagle- 137 6 8

John Wickham - . 66 13 4

Robert Keyes - - - too Marks.

Which Fines were set on them by Mr. Justice , who was afterwards Chief Justice of the Common Pleas.

Benjamin Leech, for saying North and Box were not Sheriff’s, was committed by Sir John Moore, and indicted at the OldBay/y;where Mr. Thomson, being his Counsel,

pleaded the special Matter: Upon which, the Court was put to a great Difficulty; and, for a long time, were persuading his Counsel to advise his Client to withdraw his Plea, because of the Consequence of it: And when they could not prevail therein, though Justice and the

Recorder, Sir George Treby, advised they Should consult

the Judges on this Plea, the Mayor and Aldermen overruled them, and fined Leech Twenty Marks; which lie paid to North and Rich; and they gave their Acquittance for the same.

Several Citizens did attest the Rudeness of the Soldiers; and, though they told the Soldiers they were summoned, yet they would not suffer them to come into the Hall: ()n their pressing to come in, Lieutenant Colonel Quoining threatened to shoot them; and bid his Men present; and to others, ordered his Men to knock them down, with the Rut-cud of their Musquets: And accordingly, one Soldier struck at one in a Gown; but Mr. Bellamy interposed, and received the Blow on his Arm. Several, who got into the Hall, did attest the Soldiers were very rude to Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Patience Wurd, Sir John Laurence, and others.

R r September

Grievance*

of Cky of London

2p° Mail.

A. 1689.

September the Twenty-ninth, in a Common Hall for the Choice of a Lord Mayor, Four were put up; viz. Sir Wm. Pritchard \Sir Hen. Tube, Sir Thomas Gould,

and Alderman Cornish.

But a Poll being demanded, it appeared,

That Gould had - - - - 2,289

Cornish - - 2,258

Pritchard - - 2,233

Tube m - - 236

Before it was known how the Poll stood, the Citizens waited on the Lord Mayor, Sir John Moore, to desire a Scrutiny; which he then denied: But Three or Four Days afterwards, when the Poll had been cast up, and the Majority was found for Gould and Cornish, Alderman Duncomb said to the Lord Mayor, A Scrutiny had been demanded, and it was fit to be allowed: And the Lord Mayor ordered, there Should be one: And Sir Dudley North did refuse to declare, according to the Poll taken, till he knew what the Court of Aldermen would do. They who were appointed for the Scrutiny, on the one Side, made their Report; in which, they answered the Objections taken by them who were for Pritchard and Tulse: And that then the Poll stood

For Gould - m - 2,257

For Pritchard - - - - 2,227

For Combh - - 2,144 236

For Tube - -

Those appointed to take the Scrutiny on the other Side, made no Report: But the Common Serjeant before the Aldermen allowed, and then the Sheriffs declared,

the Poll to he thus;

For Pritchard - - - - 2,138

For Tulse ----- 236

For Gould - - - - 2,124

For Cormsh - 2,093

One great Objection to the Pollers was, That many of the Livery of Merchant Taylors Company, had not taken the Liveryman's Oath: To which it was answered, That there was no Oath for a Liveryman appointed, other than by the By Laws of the Company: And that, 1680, Bushel!, being Master of the Company of Merchant Taylors, had, by the Consent of the Company, taken off the Oaths from the Liverymen of that Company. Sir Peter Rich wdnrlered how the Report, from the Scrutineers, could be drawn up so soon; but owned it was a true Account: And yet joined with North, to declare Sir Wm. Pritchard Mayor; who was admitted, and sworn accordingly.

Mr, Papillion and Dubob, after this, bring each a Mandamus to be sworn Sheriffs, as being duly elected: To which the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs, viz. Sir Dudley North and Sir Peter Rick, made a Return, that they were not duly elected.

Upon this, Papillion and Dubob bring their Action against Sir William Pritchard Lord Mayor, Sir Dudley North, Sir Peter Rich, Sir James Edwards, Sir Henry Tube, Sir James Smith, Sir Rob. Jejfryes,

Sir Jonathan Raymond, Sir John Peake, Sir Wm. Royston, Sir Peter Daniell, Sir John Moore, and Sir Thomas Beckford.

The Writs being directed to the Coroner, he waited on them Three or Four Months, to desire their Appearance; but they slighted him, and made him wait till the Time for the Return was out: Then the Writs being renewed, he arrested the Lord Mayor: Who said, There must be some Plot to take up all the Magistrates of the City: To whom the Coroner replied, He knew of none; and it might easily be evaded: If they would give Bond to appear, they might immediately be discharged.

The Coroner having several, against whom the Actions were brought, in his Custody, the Lieutenancy was ordered with his Soldiers, to come thither; who threatened to pull down his House, and were very rude: The Lord Mayor refused to give Bond; and, whilst that was in Debate, they found out a Way to send the Coroner to the Compter, upon an Action once entered for a real Debt, by his Consent, but afterwards countermanded: And, when

he was in the Compter, they would suffer none to come to him: And at his House, because he was not there present, they refused to give Bond; and so went their Way.

The Coroner went the next Morning to the Lord Mayor: But Weston, and others, denied him Access; and drew their Swords, and threatened to run him through: This was complained of to the King's Bench: Where the Court seemed to resent it; and said, They Should all appear: But Papillion and Dubob, being tired with the Dif-

ficulties they met with, did not proceed any further: But Sir Wm. Pritchard brings an Action against Mr. Papillion and Dubois, which, after the Death of Dubois, was tried, and Ten thousand Pounds Damages given against Mr. Papillion, for ordering the Lord Mayor to be arrested.

That, before any of those Proceedings an Information, in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, was brought, in the Name of Sir Robert Sauyer, and prosecuted by Burton and Grahme against the City of London: Upon which. Judgment was given against them by Mr. Justice Jones, Raymond, and Withens: And some of these Justices declare, they had the Opinion of Saunders, then Chief Justice, concurring with them: But it was attested, at the Committee, That Saunders was speechless and senseless, when they came to him for their Opinion.

That it further appeared, That Pemberton and Do/bin, who were Justices of the King's Bench, were removed from that Court; their Opinion having been discovered, to be against this Information brought against the City.

That Sir John Moore, being summoned, appeared before

the Committee several times; and to that Part of the Charge, which related to his swearing Sir Dudley North Sheriff, he said, It was the Right of the Lord Mayor, for the Time being, to elect One of the Sheriffs; and to the other Part, of making Sir Peter Rich Sheriff, He said, He did nothing the rein, but by the Advice of the Court of Aldermen; and produced several Orders of that Court, wherein they advised him to act what he did therein.

As to the Claim of the Lord Mayor’sElecting One of the Sheriffs, it appeared to the Committee, That, by the ancient Charter of King William the Ist- Henry I. King John, and Henry III.; confirmed by Eduard Ist- Eduard

the II. Edward IIId.; and so down by all Kings and

Queens; and even by King Charles the Second; the Citizens are to choo6e and appoint Sheriffs for London and Middlesex: And by an Act of Common Council, 4 Hen. V. it is ordained, That the Sheriffs be freely chosen, by the more sufficient Citizens summoned to the Election.

That, from the Twenty-first of Edward the III'1, unto the Year 1641, the Way of making Sheriffs was, That the Lord Mayor named One to be Sheriff and presented him to the Common Hall, who did confirm him, and choose another to act with him; except in Three or Four Years within that Time, when the Common Hall chose, both the Sheriffs; the Persons drank to, in those Years, by the Lord Mayor, having refused to hold; and paid their Fines.

That, in all times, when the Lord Mayor drank to any Person, that Person, before the Day of Confirmation and Election, usually did either swear himself off, or fine, or give Bond; which Bonds, at first, were only to appear at the Day of presenting to the Hall for Confirmation; but afterwards, were conditioned to hold Sheriff for the Year ensuing.

But it appeared not to the Committee, Whether the Court of Aldermen had any Power, before Confirmation, to compel any hereunto: Only Mr. said. He,

being drank to, refused either to swear himself off, to fine, or to give Bond to hold, until be was confirmed by the Common Hall.

The City Records use several Phrases a,bout this Concern of the Lord Mayor, as to One of the Sheriffs, as his choosing a Sheriff, 19 H. VIII. elected as well by the Mayor, according to his ancient Prerogative, as by the Commons.

3P.IL.

IW. M. $9° Maii. 159

30 II. VIII. an Order, or a Day certain for the Com- named fined; and the Comtndn Hall chhsef Two Per- Grievance* mons to choose, provides the Mayor shall name and elect sons. of City of

One of the Sheriffs at his Pleasure. The Lord Mayor’s Right was argued, from his and London*

13 Elizabethee, an Order about the Sheriffs chosen, the Aldermens withdrawing, whilst the Common Hall

either by the Mayor, or elected by the Commons. confirmed the One Sheriff, and chose the other.

240 Elizabethce appoints the First of August for Con- To which was answered, That the Records said, That

firm at ion of the Person named by the Lord Mayor, ac- other Sheriff, not named by the Lord Mayor, was to be cording to ancient Usage; and for Election of another chosen by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons: by the Commons: And, in case of Death, or Refusal So that their withdrawing was merely voluntary; and to hold, by the Person named by the Lord Mayor, that they might and ought to be present, he may name anew. It was said, for the Lord Mayor’s Right, THat though

36 Eliz. 7 Car. Irai. appoints 21th June for Confir- the Charters were to the Citizens at large, to appoint mation of Persons chosen and elected by the Lord Sheriffs, yet, by Custom and by Law, the Lord Mayor Mayor; and of such other Persons, as by Ihe Lord Mayor, might as well appoint One Sheriff, as the Liverymen, Aldermen,- and Commons, shall be chosen. when exclusive to the other Citizens, appoint the Other.

In a Book, called, Liber Albus, of an uncertain Time, To which it was agreed; in case they could shew any but supposed to be in the Time of Henry the V,h. That Custom, or By Law, that the Common Hall mast Con-the Mayor shall first choose, at his Pleasure, One Sheriff; firm the Person named by the Lord Mayor, for whom he shall be answerable as to One Moiety of That the Committee was informed, by the Recorder . the Farm due to the King, if he be not sufficient: But, if of London, Sir Geo. Trebye, who had searched into all the Mayor choose by the Counsel and Assent of the Al- the Records about this Matter, and who had further dermen, they ought to answer with him: That the Com- consulted thereupon, with several learned Counsel, P®* mans choose One other Sheriff; for whom they are to tained to defend the City against the Quo answer, as to the other Moiety of the Relit due to the That it was the Opinion of them All, and likewise of King. the Lord Chief Justice North, (with whom he discoursed

22 II. Vt. L. K. F. 214, 22 H. VI. John Hetherlyethat Year about this Matter) That the Common HaR Mayor, in his own and the Aldermens Names, did name was not bound to confirm the Person named by the Lord Richard Txcyjord to be One of the Sheriffs; and the Mayor; but might reject him, if they pleased. And the Commonalty chose John Norman, Alderman, to be the Lord Chief Justice North said, His Brother Should not other. hold, unless the Common Hall did confirm him.

Yet, after the Search of all the Records, it could not That the Committee likewise conceived, That this appear, that ever any one named, or chosen, or drunk House, and also the Grand Committee of Grievances, to, by the Lord Mayor, did hold Sheriff, unless he was by the Vote passed in that Committee, and in this House, confirmed by the Common Hall. bad concluded them from passing any Vote, as to the

That, Anno 1641, was the First time the Common Matter of Right herein; and especially, in this Case, Sir Hall refused to confirm the Person named by the Mayor: John , by allowing a Poll for both Sheriffs, having Upon which, the Lord Mayor and Aldermen petitioned waved the Point several times: Therefore they did not the King, who referred that Petition to the House of determine any tiling thereupon; but made their Reso-Lords; and they endeavoured to make the Citizens agree lution upon the whole Matter of Fact the Matter amongst themselves. But that Method prov- That, as to all the other Matters, Sir John Moore's ing ineffectual, 21 August 1641, the Lords House Order, Answer was; That it was long since transacted; that he That, for That time, the Commonalty shall elect, hoping could not remember the Particulars: But, in general, he the First they would choose, Should be the Person nomi- stood upon it, That what he did, was by the Advice, nated by the Lord Mayor; with a Saving to the Rights or Order, of the Court of Aldermen: And, in parti-of all Parties. Accordingly, 26 August 1641, they cular, that the 24th of June, by their Advice, he ad-elected George Garrett, the Person named by the joumed the Common Hall to the 27th of June 1682:

Mayor, and George Clarke. But this Order was not entered, because, at the next.

24 June 1642, John Langhdm, chosen by Sir Richard Court, when it was read, some of the Aldermen would Gurney Lord Mayor, was refused to be confirmed: not agree thereto: He produced their Advice of 27th Upon which, the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Jane, to adjourn to the 5th July; which Adjournment mons, came to an Agreement, That the Commons, pro was done by the Common Hall, by the Consent of the hac vice, siiould choose, without Prejudice to the Right Sheriffs.

of either Party; and, thereupon, they chose the said That 5th of July was the Day, Oft which the First John Langham and Thomas Andreives. Poll was finished, where it appeared and

From thence to 1663, the Common Hall refused to Dubois had the Majority by a great Number, and confirm. From thence to 1674, the Common Hall con- were declared Sheriffs; and Sir John Moore acquainted stantly did confirm. therewith.

Anno 1674, Ihe Common Hall refused to confirm The 7th of July, Sir John Moore produced the Ad-fi in Roberts, drunk to by Sir Wm.Hooker Lord vice of the Court of Aldermen, for him to go down, and Mayor; but chose Two others: Upon which, the Ma#- adjourn the Common Hall to the 14th of July: But it ter was referred to a Committee, to examine Precedents appeared not to the Committee, That there was any to find where the Right lay; and to propose how to quiet Common Hall the 7th, which could be adjourned, this Dispute for the future: At last, the Committee ad- He likewise produced the Advice of the Court of vised, That Roberts Should give Bond of Eight hundred Aldermen, of the 14th of July 1682, That he Should.

Pounds, to pay Four hundred Pounds within Two or before any Proceedings- upon the said Poll, cause Mr.

Three Years, conditioned to be void, if he did hold She- North to be called forth as Sheriff Elect: But it was riff, in case he Should, within that Time, be drunk to tty proved, at the Committee, That Sir John Moore, before any Lord Mayor; and be presented, or else be elected: this Advice, had consented to a Poll for all Four; viz.

And that by an Act of Common Council, this Difference North, Papillion, Dubois, and Box: And that the Poll be settled. was begun accordingly, before Sir John Moore ordered

This was foe Advice of foe Committee: But foe She- there Should be a Poll only for Three: But, on this Se-riffs chosen by the Common Hall, were the Sheriffs for cond Poll, Papillion and Dubois appeared to have each the Year ensuing. above 2,400; and Box and North had neither of them

From 1674 to 1680, foe Common Hall confirmed 200: But there was 2,414 against foe Confirmation of the Person named Sheriff by foe Lord Mayor. North: Yet he declared and Sheriffs, and

Anno 1680, after the Lord Mayor had drunk to Six in doth not produce any Advice for That.

Succession, who fined one after another, on 24th June, That, foe 18th and 20th of July, they advised foe Lord foe Common Hall refused the Person named by the Lord Mayor to consider of the Citizens Petition, to call forth.

Mayor: Upon which, to prevent Dispute, the Person Papillion and Dubois Sheriffs.

Privilege.

Committees.

Bathurst's

Estate.

Pmwarne’s

Estate.

Dean of Canterbury to preach on 5th June.

Conference desired with Lords.

160

30° — 31* Mail A. 1689.

That, 5th September, they admit Bo.r to a fine. That, the 26th September, the Court of Alderman resolved* that Peter Rich Should be called into that Court, to give Bond to take upon him the Office of Sheriff, which was done accordingly; but no Entry made, that he was elected, or why he Should be called upon.

It appeared also to the Committee, That Mr. Crispe, the Common Serjeant, was called a Witness in a Trial, upon an Action brought by Sir Peter Rich against Sir Thomas Player, for One hundred Pounds; which, by Custom, he claimed as Sheriff out of Mr. Box's Fine: When Mr. Crispe, being' so produced, did swear, That Sir Peter Rich was duly elected Sheriff, and had the Majority of Hands: And that, in another Trial, upon an Action brought by Sir Wm Pritchard against Air. Papillion, the said Mr. Crispe did again swear, That Sir Peter Rich was duly chosen Sheriff.

That Sir Dudley North was summoned, and appeared at the Committee; and stood upon the Right of the Lord Mayor to choose One of the Sheriffs; and he being drunk unto by Sir John Moore, he said, He thought it was lawful for him to take on him the Office of Sheriff.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir John Moore was One of the Authors of the Invasion made upon the Rights of the City of London, in the Elections of Sheriffs for the said City, in the Year 1682.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Dudley North was One of the Authors of the Invasion made upon the Rights of the* City of London, in the Election of Sheriffs for the said City, in the Year 1682.

The House being informed, That a Breach of Privilege hath been committed upon a Servant of Sir Thomas Barnadiston, a Member of the House, by several Persons falling upon him, and beating him, and wounding him; One of which was one Archur, of Ilford

in the County of Essex;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

desire a free Conference, the Lords do agree to a free Conference Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock.

-vf

Ordered, That Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Braver, Mr. Debtor* Bickerstaffe, Mr. Gorge, Mr. Christy, Sir John 1>-elie£-

Mr. Blouj'eild, Mr. Reignolds, Mr. Rich. Hart, Mr.

Smith, Sir Nevil ICatlyn, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners is referred.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Subsidy, whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill for granting a Subsidy to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the Bill.; but had not, as yet, gone through the same.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourped till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 31° die

r"

1° Willielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

TilE House was informed, that the Dean of Can-

terburyis sick, and therefore desires to be excused excused fro* from preaching before the House on Wednesday next. preaching.

Ordered, That Doctor Tennisonbe desired to preach, pr Tennis* before this House, at St. Margarett's, Westminster, upon appointed t r the Fifth Day of June next, in the Forenoon, being the the Moruuig, Day appointed, by their Majesties Proclamation, for a General Fast: And that Air. Hamden do acquaint him with such the Desire of this House.

Ordered, That Air. Wake be desired to preach before Mr. Wake this House, at St. Margarett's, Westminster, upon the lor the AUer‘ Fifth Day of June next, in the Afternoon, being the noo"*

Day appointed, by their Majesties Proclamation, for a General Fast: And that Air. Grey do acquaint him with such the Desires of the Housd.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,30° die Maii;

1° Willielmi et A1 arise.

Pea vers.

A AI ESS AGE from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Air. Methwyn;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Theodore Bathurst to make a Jointure for his Wife; and to charge Alonies on Part of his Estate in Yorkshire: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, the Lords have passed another Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Pto sell Lands, to pay Debts: To which they also desire the Concurrence of the House.

Ordered, That the Dean of Canterbury be desired to preach betbre this House, at St. Westminster,

upon the Fifth Day of June next; the Day appointed, by their Majesties Proclamation, for a General Fast: And that Air. Harnlen do acquaint him with such the Desires of the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Eland do go up to the Lords, to desire a lice Conference, upon the Subject Aiatter of the last Conference.

The Lord Eland reports, That, he having been according to the Order of the House, with the Lords, to

24

The House being informed, That there have happened several Alistakes in the Act for Abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine the same; and to prepare a Bill for rectifying the same, as there shall be occasion

And it is referred unto Air. Air.

Air. Hamden, Sir Thom. Lee, Colonel Birch, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Finch, Sir Christopher Mr.

Paul Foley, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Jos. 1 'redenhum. Air. Solicitor General, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rob. Cotton, Alajor Wildman: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

Ordered, That Air. Cooke have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, touch- Aulnage ing the Abuses in the Aulnage, be made, upon Thursday Dut) -Alorning next, the first Business.

Ordered, That the Calling-over of the House be ad- Call of the journed till Tomorrow Sevennight. House.

Ordered, That the House do, upon Monday Alorning Bill of next, proceed in the further Consideration of the Heads Intlemuity. for the Bill of Indemnity, on Monday Alorning next, the first Business.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Subsidy, whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting a Subsidy to their Majesties.

Air.

i W. & M. ' 31*

161

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Conference The Managers, Yesterday appointed, went to the free Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of u ax* the last Conference: And being returned,

Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the free Conference, That the Managers appointed had attended the same: And that the Earl of Rochester, Earl of Huntington, and Bishop of Salisbury, managed the same for the Lords: That the Commons urged their Reasons, why they did not agree with the Lords to add the Clause by them proposed, to the additional Poll Bill;

That, in this additional Poll Bill, none but Commoners were taxed; and thence inferred, that their Lordships had no Colour of Reason to meddle in that Bill, to name Commissioners to tax the Peers, in a Bill that did not tax the Peers.

That there was no Omission in the former Poll Bill that was passed and agreed to by the Lords, for want of Nomination of Commissioners to tax them: But, by Consent of both Houses, at passing of the other Bill, the Nomination was left to the King; indeed so restrained, as the King was to name them out of the Commissioners in the Aid Act: But that they were to tax all the King’s Subjects, Lords and Commons: And their Lordships passing that Bill, the Commons did think they had concluded themselves in this Matter; and thought it hard their Lordships Should come, in a subsequent Bill, to supply a Defect of a former Bill.

That the Lords said, They had passed the former Bill by Inadvertency, being desirous to give a quick Dispatch, by reason of the pressing Occasions: And that they had divers Precedents, whereby they might name Commissioners; but they overlooked it in the former Bill, and thought it hard it Should turn to their Prejudice.

That the Commons answered, That they did shink, that if there had been such an Omission, that no Commissioners had been named at all,' the Commons would have consented, that their Lordships Should have named Commissioners, rather than their Lordships Should not be taxed: But there was Commissioners before; and the Commons thought, that it went a great way to repeal the Act; for the Commissioners that were named in the former Poll Bill, might probably be entered upon their Office, and taxing the Lords; or that they will do it, if this Clause be not admitted: Therefore, if these Commissioners, as the Law stands, and the Lords have consented, have Authority to tax them, the Commons thought it would be a Repeal of that Law, at least pro tanto; for their Authority must cease, who have an Authority by the former Law.

That the Lords insisted much upon it, Why the Commons Should deny them to name new Commissioners in this additional Poll Bill, though the Lords are not taxed by it; having given them a handle, by naming new Commissioners, for the Serjeant's Inn, Inns of Courts and Chancery.

That the Commons did very reasonably distinguish with them, in that Matter; for that, if the Lords had done no more than the Commons, it might have born a further Debate, viz. If they had pursued the Method of the other Bill, that the King Should name such of the Peers, as he thought fit, to tax them: For why do they name Commissioners here? There was no naming by Lords or Commons; that had been manifestly against the other Bill: But the Commons left it to the King, to appoint Commissioners of the-Members of the several Serjeants Inn,. Inns of Court and Chancery, as he Should think fit: And they name no particular Persons, as the Lords did: And the Reason why the Commons did this, was, because there is a pretended Kind of Privilege, whereby they w ill deny other Commissioners to enter into their Jurisdictions; and did so on the last Poll Bill, because there was no Commissioners of them named. And so, that this Part of the Tax might not be lost, the Bill provided, That the King might name Commissioners of themselves: But they did-not name new Commissioners. And that- upon the whole, Vo l. X.

Matter, the Commons left it with their Lordships to consider, whether they will agree, or no.

Then the House resumed the Consideration of the Bill, for granting a Subsidy to their Majesties.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Methwyn;

i Air. Speaker, We are commanded, by the Lords, to acquaint this House, That the Lords do desire a present free Conference in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference,

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present free Conference, as the Lords do desire.

And the Alessengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the Alembers that managed the last free Conference, do manage this free Conference.

The Alanagers went to the Conference accordingly: Aqd being returned,

Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the free Conference, That the Alanagers appointed had attended the same: That the Earl of Rochester managed it for the Lords; and said, That he had reported, from the last free Conference, the Reasons given by the Commons, and their own, to their House: Upon which, considering the same, their Lordships were come to a Resolution of adhering to thfeir own Amendments: And that the Earl of Rochester gave this Reason; For that, he said, it did appear, That, in former Poll Bills, the Lords had a Right of naming their own Commissioners: And, though they had omitted it out Of their Zeal, to give Dispatch to the former Act; yet, he said, afterwards, the Commons in this additional Bill, taking care that other Commissioners Should be now made than in the other Bill, that Handle, he said, they took to retrieve their Right, as he thought they might do; and that they had adhered to the Clause.

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to the Bill, without the Amendments proposed by the Lords.

Resolved, That the Committee be appointed, to consider of the Alethods of Proceeding between the Two Houses, upon Conferences in passing of Bills. ’

And it is referred to the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the'Lords upon the additional Poll Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard be added to the said Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That a Message be now sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, That this House hath adhered to the additional Poll Bill, without the Amendments proposed by the Lords.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn do go up to the Lords with that Alessage.

Ordered, That the Printing the List of the Irish Gentry be stopped, until the Committee, to whom the Condition of the Irish Protestants was referred, have reviewed the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 1° die 1° Willielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Pemiarne to sell Lands to pay his Brothers and Sisters Portions; and also, to pay Debts; was read the First time.

S

1

t

Supply Bill; Land Tax,

Conference with Lords^-Puli Tax.

List of Irish Gentry,

Penwarne’s

Estate*

Debtor*'

Relief.

Privilege.

Ditto.

Bathurst’s % Estate.

Exporting Beer, &c»

Exporting Bread and BisqueU

Order for taking into Custody suspended.

Irish Affairs.

3° Junii.

A. 1689.

A Motion being made, That an Address be presented Removal of to his Majesty, to remove from his Presence and Counsels imPeaclied such Persons as have been impeached in Parliament; Persoas*

A Debate arose thereupon.

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Monday Morning next.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of ^and Tax* the Bill for granting a Subsidy to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Sir Thom.Lee, Colonel Mr. Ham- Proceedings

den, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir John Jen- "Pon Co,u nings, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir John Thompson, Sir Christoph. terences-Musgrave, do inspect the Journals of the House of Lords, and the Journals of this House, relating to the Order of Proceedings upon Conferences in passing of Bills.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Irish Affairs, appointed to inquire who has been the Occasion of the Delays in sending Relief over into Ireland, and particularly to Londonderry, that they make Inquiry what Default was, in relation to the Provisions that went over with the Soldiers for Ireland: And also that they make a particular Inquiry into the Carriage of Colonel Colonel

Richards, and Colonel Coningham;and to know the Reason, why the Relief sent to Londonderry was brought back again: And also, that they inquire into all other Miscarriages relating to Ireland and Londonderry.

164

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time:

Sir Rob. Nappiet reports from the Committee, to Whom the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners was referred, That one Mr. Christofer Lawm hath been summoned

to attend the said Committee; but that he refused to attend: And that he hath Directions from the Committee to acquaint the House therewith.

Resolved, That the said Mr. Christopher Lawman be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for such his Contempt.

This House being informed, That one Mr. Crouch, ah Attorney at Law, hath delivered Declarations of Ejectment, at the Suit of one John Walter, for Lands in the Possession of Sir John Doyley, a Member of this House; and that the said John Walter hath owned the Suit; and threatens to proceed therein, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Crouch and Walter, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for such their Breach of the Privileges.

The House being informed, that one Joshua Woodman hath served Colonel Sackvile, a Member of this House, with a Subpoena, to appear to a Bill in the Court of Chancery, in Breach of the Privileges of this House.

Ordered, That the said Joshua Woodman be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for such his Breach of the Privileges.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Theodore Bathurst to make a Jointure for his Wife, and to charge Monies on Part of his Estate in Yorkshire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. "

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sir Francis Russell reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Exportation of Beer, Ale, and Mum, was referred; and to whom it was given as an Instruction to insert in the Bill, That Cyder also might be transported;

That the Committee had inserted the same, and had thought fit to make some other Amendments to the Bill: APE TITIO N of Sir John Stonelicuse, Baronet, was Abbington

The which he read inhis Place; and afterwards delivered -c\. read; setting forth, That, pursuant to their Majesties ^eet*on*

the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were Writ for the Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second Time, Parliament for the Borough of in the County

one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there- of Berks, the major Part of the said Borough proceeding upon, with an Amendment made at the Table, of to the Election, the Petitioner was duly elected by the " Three-pence per Tun," instead of, " Twelve-pence Majority of Votes, and ought to have been returned: per Ttm," to be allowed to Officers, agreed unto by the Yet the Mayor, in Breach of his Trust, refused to return House. him, and returned John Esquire: And praying

Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrossed. Relief therein.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Pri-Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Exporting Bread and Bisquet to the Plantations. Petition; and report the same, with their Opinions therein,

to the House*

Ordered, That the Order for taking Mr. Christopher Lawman into Custody, be suspended, in case he do attend An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, IVnwame’*.

the Committee for Relief of poor Prisoners, this Afternoon. An Act to enable Robert to sell Lands to pay

his Brothers and Sisters Portions, and also to pay Debts;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inquire was read the Second time, who has been the Occasion of the Delays in sending Relief Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

over into Ireland, and particularly to Londonderry. Mr. Kendall, Sit Walter Moyle, Lord Falkland, Sir Thom.

And it is referred to Mr. JConinsby, Sir Hen. Capell, Littleton, Sir Jo. Mr. Stratford, Mr.

Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Cha. Mr. Major and all the Members that Raleigh, Mr. Leveson Gawre, Colonel Whitley, Sir Jos. serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornewall: And Tredenham, Mr. Howard, Sir Fra. Russell, Colonel Ba- they are to meet in the Queen’s Court Tomorrow, at binglon, Mr. Colt, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Sommers, Sir Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Wm. Ashurst, Sir Wm. Harbard, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Sir

JVm. Ellis, Sir Ch. Montague, Sir Christ. Musgrave, Mr.' The Order for proceeding de die in diem, upon the Bill, "Supply Bill, Garway, Mr. Hamden, Sir Patience W-ard, Sir. Thom, for granting a Subsidy to their Majesties, until it be

Littleton, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Boscaioen, Mr. Papillion, Sir finished, was read.

Tho. Clarges, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Smith, Mr. St. Johns, Also, the Order for proceeding in the further Con- Mr. Haze, Sir Trevor Williams, Colonel Birch, Mr. Holt, sideration of the Heads for the Bill of Indemnity, was Sir Edward Harley, Mr. Stockdale, Marquis Winchester, read.

Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Hen. Herbert, Mr. Gerrard: And Also, the Order made on Saturday last, for the Debate

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in then adjourned, was read.

the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Resolved^ That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair.

(Persons, Papers, ai*d Records, " -

Mr.

Luna, 3* die Junii; 1° Willielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

Bill of Indemnity*

Adjourned

Debate.

Irish Affairs.

Ply-moth

Writ.

Militia

i W, M. 4 0 Junii. 163

Mr. Speaker left the Chair accordingly.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some further Progress in the Pill for the granting a Subsidy to their Majesties i And that they desired, that Mr. Solicitor General may be directed to bring in a new Clause of Credit, to be made Part of the Bill, instead of that which is in the Bill, from " soever," in fol. 46, 1. 2, to " and be," in fol. 52, 1. 2 j that not being so proper a^Clause for this Bill.

Resolved, That Mr. Solicitor General do bring in such a Clause of Credit.

A Motion being made, That a further Addition of a Tax may be laid upon Stocks in Trade, in the Bill for granting a Subsidy to their Majesties;

Resolved, That the House do, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Resolved, That the House do, on Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for granting a Subsidy to their Majesties.

Resolved, That the Proceeding in the further Consideration of the Heads for the Bill of Indemnity be

resumed Tomorrow Morning.

0

Resolved, That the adjourned Debate, upon the Motion made on Saturday last, be resumed Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton acquaints the House, That he was directed by the Committee, to whom it was referred to inquire who has been the Occasion of the Delays in sending Relief into Ireland, and particularly to Londonderry, and what Default was in relation to the Provisions that went over with the Soldiers for Ireland; and into the Carriage of Colonel Lundee, Colonel Richards, and Colonel Coningham: And to know the Reason, why the Relief sent to Londonderry was brought back again; and into other Miscarriages relating to Ireland and Londonderry; to move the House, That his Majesty may be humbly desired to give Direction, that Copies of the Commissions and Instructions given, relating to Londonderry and the Kingdom of Ireland, may be transmitted to the said Committee: And also that Colonel Lundee, who is a Prisoner in the Tozcer, may be brought to the said Committee.

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly desired to give Directions, that Copies of the Commissions and Instructions given, relating to Londonderry, and the Kingdom of Ireland, be transmitted to the said Committee: And also that Colonel Lundee, who is a Prisoner in the Tower, may be brought to the said Committee.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of their Majesties most honourable Privy Council, do acquaint his Majesty with such the Desires of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymoth in the County of Devon, in the room of Arthur Herbert, Esquire, who is called up to the House of Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 4° die Junii; i° Willielmi el Marise.

Era yers.

jT\RDERED, That the Committee to whom it was V' referred to prepare and bring in a Bill to render the Militia more effectual, be revived; And that it be an Vox. X.

Instruction to the said Committee, That they do inspect

the Acts touching the Militia; and see wherein they are

defective; and how they may be supplied; and make

their Report to the House: And that Colonel

Sir John Carew, Sir Wm. Honywood, Colonel Whitley,

Mr. Brewer, Mr. St. John, Mr. Montague, Sir Matth.

Andrews, Colonel Babington, Sir Edw. Harley, Sir John

Doylcy, be added to the said Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, at Four of the Clock; and to sit de die in diem.

A Petition of John Ciilliford w as read; setting forth, Prosecution

That, in 1681, at the Election of the Lord Mayor, the of Culliford. Petitioner used his utmost and legal Endeavours, to prevent Sir John Moore's being chosen to that Office; for which the Petitioner, by Violences, was designed to be taken into Custody, which he prevented, by seasonably withdrawing himself for some time; and that, at the Epiphany Sessions for Southzcarke, in 1682, the Grand Jury made a violent Presentment against their dissenting Neighbours; and, to irritate the Minds of People the more against them, did very falsly quote some Passages out of King James the First’s Bazilikon Doron; which the

Petitioner detecting them of, was, by the Instigation of the aforesaid Jurymen, seized in London, without Warrant, and hurried before one Peirs, then a Justice of the Peace; who, at the Instigation of Eyres the Bailiff, and Page Foreman of the Jury, committed the Petitioner to the Compter Prison there, with Orders to the Keeper, not to permit him to have Pen, Ink, or Paper, nor to speak with any Friend, or to have any Bed, but to be put in a close Hole, where was nothing but the dirty Earth to lie upon; which was executed accordingly; that, the next Sessions, one Seyjnour brought an Indictment against the Petitioner, found by the aforesaid Grand Jury; and that, in May 1683, the Petitioner was assaulted and seized by one Robert Stevens, and others, who, without Officers or Warrant, hurried him before Sir Pritchard, who, upon Hill's Accusation, (the late King’s Popish Printer)

" that the Petitioner Should allege the Duke of Yorke, and others, were carrying on a Design to bring these Nations under Popery, and arbitrary Power," committed the Petitioner to Newgate (refusing sufficient Bail); w here ho was kept close Prisoner, without seeing‘any Friend for several Days: That afterwards he was indicted at the Old Bay ley for the Matters aforesaid': and, by a packed Jury, returned by North and Rich then Sheriffs, found Guilty, w ithout positive Proof: And Judgment w as then pronounced against him by Mr. Justice to pay

Two hundred Pounds Fine, to stand tw ice in the Pillory, for an Hour, and to be of good Behaviour for Two Years, and Imprisonment till the Judgment satisfied; That the first Day he was kept- Two Hours in the Pillory, contrary to the Judgment, when some bloody-minded Persons got up to the Top of the Exchange, and threw from thence a Stone, weighing several Pound; which, missing the Petitioner’s Head, broke in several Pieces with the Fall: That the Petitioner, the next Term, was removed, at the Duke of Yorke's Suit, to the King's Bench, charged with an Action of Scandalum Magnatum at One hundred thousand Pounds Damages; which was tried that Term, behind the Petitioner’s Back, by the Lord Chief Justice Jeffryes, and a packed Jury, who found the abovesaid Damages against him, without Proof also; with which he was charged in Execution the next Term,

o 9

and was inhumanly used by the Marshal of the King’s Bench, during his Imprisonment, Twice confined, and locked up for Half a Year: and the Room being so close, he had almost lost his Eye-sight; and in the Frosty Weather, was hawled out of his Chamber to a Hole, not above Seven or Eight.Foot square, w ithout any Fire-place, loaded with double Irons; and afterwards, thrown into the common Side of the Prison, where he continued near half a Year, lying in a Hole about Five Foot square, and about Three or Four Foot under Ground: Which barbarous Usage had, at several Times, near reached his Life, not having recovered his Health to this Day, having lain near Five Years under such Usage; w hereby, and by

Prosecution of Topham, a Serjeant a Anns,

Swaddon's

Prosecution.

164 . 4 9 Jmit1680.

the Expences therein, he hath been fealty damnified to several Thousands of Pounds Value; besides the Loss of his Health: And the Petitioner prostrating his Case to the House, and imploring their tender Consideration thereof, and Reparation $ and such Relief therein, as to them Should seem meet;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of -Geo. Peake, Esquire, was referred, to examine the Matter of the said Petition, and report the same, with their Opinions, to the House.

A Petition of John Topham Esquire, was read; setting

forth, That he being a Serjeant at Arms, and attending the House in the Years 1679 and lfiSo, when several Orders were made, and directed to the Petitioner, for the taking into his Custody the several Persons of Sir Cha. Neale, Sir Hen. Alnot, Dr. JNalson, Dr. John ijard, Edu ard Brett, Esquire, Thomas Staples, Esquire, 7'homas Herbert, Esquire, John Jay, Esquire, Nathanael Reading, Esquire, Sam. Verdon, Richard Richard

Harneage, Samson Birch, Sir Thomas Whit graze, John Hutchins, and others, for several Misdemeanors by them committed, in Breach of Privilege of the House, the Petitioner did execute the said Orders, and held the said Persons in Custody, till discharged by the House; and, after that the Commons were dissolved, the said Persons, being resolved to ruin the Petitioner, did, in Term

the 33d or 34th of King Charles, sue the Petitioner in the King's Bench, in several Actions of Trespass, Pattery, and false Imprisonment, for taking and detaining them, as aforesaid: To which Actions the Petitioner pleaded to the Jurisdiction of the Court the said several Orders: But such his Plea was over-ruled, the then Judges ruling the Petitioner to plead in Chief; and, thereupon, he pleaded the Orders in Bar to the Actions: notwithstanding which Plea, and Orders, the then Judges gave Judgment against him; and, in some of them, excessive Damages given against him, and his Servants: Whereon, to prevent further Prosecutions against him, the Petitioner was forced to comply with his Prosecutors; and what of his own Charge and Damage, in maintaining the Rights of this House, and the necessary Defence of the Suits, and what he paid them that sued him, did realty amount to Twelve hundred Pounds, and upwards; besides the publick Affronts and Injuries he often received, for doing his Duty in the Execution of the said Orders: And praying the Consideration of the House upon his Case; and to afford him what Relief they Should think fit.

Ordered, That

A Petition Thomas Sicaddon, Gentleman, was read; setting forth, That he was a Burgess of Caine in Wiltshire; and there being a Quo Warranto brought against the Borough, one Benedict Browne, confederating with Burton and Grahme, finding the Petitioner to oppose the Quo

Warranto, threatened some of the Burgesses, That the Quo Warranto Should fall heavy upon them, unless they would make Oath against Swadden, That he had let his House to a Non-conformist Minister; which, he at last, prevailed on them to do, though they knew the Petitioner had no House at Caine at that time; a little time after, brought down a new’ Charter, turned out the old Bur-esses, and brought in new ones, and made himself teward, or Head Burgess, though he lived at the Crown Office: And there was one P, a Collector of Hearth Money for the Borough, that indicted the Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the said Town, for certifying for several poor People of the Town, who by the Act of Parliament, were exempted from paying Hearth Money, pretending one Chimney was certified tree, that was liable to pay: Now Swaddon appearing at the King's Bench, with the other Burgesses, to be discharged of the Recognizance entered into when bound over about the Charter; but Browne then informing the Court, that the Petitioner was a disaffected Person, and a Chief Opposer of the Quo Warranto, which enraged the Lord Chief Justice Jeffryes to sentence the Petitioner, as follow eth; To stand in the-Pillory before Westminster at Caine, before

x 14

his Tenants and Neighbours ‘ and also, at and

fined One thousand Pounds, and to be imprisoned till that paid, and good Security for his good Behaviour during Life: Which was accordingly executed on him, being confined Three Years in the common Side of the King's Bench, to his Ruin, so contrived by Burton, and Grahme, as aforesaid; for that the Ministers and Overseers, that signed the said Certificate, with the Petition, were never questioned about it: Which cost the Petitioner several Hundreds of Pounds for Tees to Burton, and GYa/^we, and Mr. Burbank,\\ I10 was Sir

Sawyer's Clerk, and Mr. Noell, Clerk to the Managers of Hearth Money, Mr. Burgess Milton and Payse, and Mr. Broicne: Which Persons the Petitioner prays may

be summoned: And the Petitioner with his Family, being utterly ruined, by being forced to sell one Part, and mortgage the other Part of his Estate; and begging some Reparation dht of those plentiful Estates, that the late Lord Jcjjrycs and Brownehave got by regulating Corporations.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Geo. Speake, Esquire, was referred, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the same, with their Opinions, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for Exportation of Beer, Ale, Mum, Exporting and Cyder, was read the Third time. Beer, «\c.°

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the Exportation of Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Russell do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Petition of Factors, and others, on Behalf of them- preventing selves, and their Principals the Clothiers of England, was Export of read; setting forth, That, by the great Mischiefs of Wo°l-Exportation of WTool into France, and other Parts, the Trade here is mightily decayed, and the French thereby have prohibited all our Woollen Manufactures; and as well that as other Countries are so increased in that Manufacture, as tends to the great Loss in his Majesty’s Revenues, the Ruins of Thousands of Families, and Disadvantage of this Kingdom in general: That several of the most notorious Exporters have been apprehended, and bound in Recognizances, to answer the Offences at the next Assizes; and sufficient Proofs against others, when Time shall be convenient to prosecute: But as w ell they, as others, in hopes of the Grace of a General Act of Indemnity, do persist in the open Exportation of Wool, as though there were no Law to the contrary: And praying the Consideration of the House, on the lleinousness of the Offences; and, if the same go unpunished, the Encouragement it will give to the said Exportation for the future.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be taken into Consideration, when the Exceptions to the Bill of Indemnity shall be considered.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Chisnall have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for a Month. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolles have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That the House do, on Mcmday Morning Orphans of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, London, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of London; and nothing to intervene.

Sir Thomas Littleton acquaints the House, That he was Witnesses to directed by the Committee, to whom it was referred, to attend, inquire who has been the Occasion of the Delays in sending Relief into Ireland, and particularly to Londonderry; and what Default was, in relation to the Provisions that went over with the Soldiers for Ireland; and into the Carriage of Colonel Lundee, Colonel Richards, and Colonel Coningham; and to know the Reason, why the Relief seat to Londonderry was brought back again; and into

other

Leave of Absence.

Bill of Indemnity.

A Pardon not pleadable in Bar of Impeachment.

Titus Oates.

i W. £5 M. 4 Jrnii. 165

other Miscarriages relating to Ireland and;

To move the House, That Matthew Andcrton, sen. and Matthew Andcrton, jun. may be sent for in Custody, to answer such Things as are objected against them, in relation to the Matters aforesaid.

Ordered, That Matthew Andcrton, sen. and Matthew Andcrton, jun. be summoned to attend this House forthwith, to answer such Things as shall be objected against them.

Ordered, That Mr. Wortlyhave Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr. Prideaux have Leave to go into the Country.

The Order for proceeding further, in the Consideration of the Heads for the Bill of Indemnity; and also, the Order for the assuming the adjourned Debate, were read.

The Heads of Exceptions formerly resolved, were read.

A Debate arose, whether a Pardon was pleadable in Bar of an Impeachment in Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this House, That a Pardon is not pleadable in Bar of an Impeachment in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown of the King's Bench do, on Thursday Morning next, attend this House, with the Records of the Conviction of Titus Oates for Perjury.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard, Sir Win. Till Hams, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Hazcles, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Serjeant lVogan, do inspect

the Journals of the House of Lords, in relation to the Proceedings upon the Judgment against Mr. Oates, and make their Report to the House, with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown of the King's Bench do, on Thursday Morning next, attend this House, with the Record of the Judgment against Mr. Johnson.

The First Head of Exceptions out of the Bill of Indemnity was read.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Henly and Mr. Aston do attend this House on Friday Morning next, with the Reeord of the Judgment between Godden and Hales.

The Second Head of Exceptions out of the Bill of Indemnity was read.

Ordered, That the Chief Governor of the Tower, or his Deputy, do attend this House on Friday Morning next, with the original Warrant of Commitment of the Seven Bishops to the Tower last Summer.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown of the King's Bench do attend this House on Friday Morning next, with the Record of, and other the Proceedings relating to, the Trial of the Seven Bishops.

The Third Head of Exceptions out of the Bill of Indemnity was read.

The Five Commissions under the Great Seal, for constituting Commissioners for Ecclesiastical Causes, were read: viz.

A Commission, dated the 15th of July, 2° Jacobi IId!. unto William Archbishop of Canterbury, George Lord Jeff ryes Lord Chancellor, Lawrence Earl of Rochester, Robert.Earl of Sunderland, Nathanael Bishop of Durham, Thomas Lord Bishop of Rochester, Sir Herbert Chief Justice of the Common Pleas.

A Commission, dated the 2 2th of November, 2* Jac. IIdl. unto George Lord Jeffryes Lord Chancellor,

Earl of Rochester Lord Treasurer, Robert Earl of Sunderland President of the Council, Earl of Chamberlain of the Houshold, Nathanael Lord Bishop of Durham, Thomas Lord Bishop of Rochester, Sir Edw. Herbert Chief Justice of the Common Picas.

A Commission, dated 12 Jan. 2 Jac. II. unto George Lord Jeffryes Lord Chancellor, Robert Earl of Sunderland Vo l. X.

Lord President of the Council, John Earl of Mulgrave Lord Chamberlain of the Houshold, Earl

Huntington, Nathanael Lord Bishop of Durham, Tho. Lord Bishop of Rochester, Sir Edw. Herbert Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas.

A Commission, dated the 5th of 3 Jac. II. unto George Lord Jeffryes Lord Chancellor, Robert Earl of Sunderland Lord President of the Council, John Earl Mulgrave Lord Chamberlain of the Houshold, Theophilus Earl of Huntington, Nathanael Lord Bishop of Durham, Tho. Lord Bishop of Rochester, Sir Edw. Herbert Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas.

A Commission dated 14th October 3* Jac. 11", unto George Lord Jeffryes Lord Chancellor, Robert Earl of Sunderland Lord President of the Council, John Earl Mulgrave, Lord Chamberlain of the Houshold, Theophilus Earl Huntington, Nathanael Lord Bishop of Durham, Tho. Lord Bishop of Rochester, Sir Robei't Wright, Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench, Sir Edw. Herbert, Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, Sir Thomas Jenner, one of the Barons of the Exchequer.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Bill of the Head of Exceptions, in the Bill of Indemnity, be proceeded upon on Saturday next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Writ to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hastings, in the room of John Ashburnham, Esquire, called up to the House of Peers.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and

Sir Adam Ottley;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled An Act to make good a Recovery suffered by the Earl of Peterborough and Lord Mordant: to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Also,

We are commanded by the Lords, to acquaint this House, That they have passed the Bill for Naturalizing Anne Astley, and others, without any Alteration: And also,

That they have passed the Bill for the better assuring the Manors of Silt on, and divers other Lands and Tenements in Silton in the County of Salop unto Joseph Soley Gentleman, and his Heirs, without any Alteration.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Call-over of the House be adjourned till Saturday next come Sevennight.

Ordered, That all such Members of this House, as shall be absent, and do not attend, at the Call of the House, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending the House.

A Petition of Samuel Starkey, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That he lately stood in Competition with Sir Alger-noon May to serve as One of the Burgesses in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks; and that the Majority of Electors in that Borough were for the Petitioner; but that yet the Mayor had unduely returned Sir Algernoon May: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions, to the House.

Colonel Birch informing the House, That he had a Petition delivered to him to present to the House, wherein Sir Edward Hungerford, a Member of the House, is concerned.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hungerford be summoned to attend in his Place in the House, on Thursday next.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

T t

Hastings

Writ.

Ear 1 of Peterborough’s Estate.

Astley’s, Sci. Nat.

Soley’s

Estate.

Call of the House.

New Windsor Election.

Petition relating to a Member.

t^-

I'he House

attends

Church.

Aulnage

Dutj.

Leave of Absence.

Dr. Tennison thanked.

Titus Oates.

Leave of Absence.

Titus Oates,

&c.

Supply Bill.

l6<5 5® — 5° — 7" Junii. A. 1689.

Mercuiii, 5* die Jutliij A Message from the Lords, by Sir Allies Cooke and Papists

» Dr. Beuefices.

1® Willielmi et Manas. Air. Speaker; The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled,

MR. Speaker and the Members met at the Hoiise to An Act to vest in the Two Universities the Presentations goto Church, being the Day appointed by their of Benefices belonging to Papists; to which they desire Majesties Proclamation for a Fast, in respect of the War the Concurrence of this House, with France. And then the Messengers withdrew;

Jovis, 6° die Junii;

1" Willielmi et Alariae.

P RAY ERS.

SI R John Guise reports from the Coulmittee to whom the Petition of the Clothiers in Gloucestershire was referred; and also, ter consider of the Abuses of the Aulna-gers; and also to whom several other Petitions against the Aulnagers were referred in general, That the Committee had often met, and considered the Matters aforesaid; and had agreed upon several Reports: Which they had directed him to make to the House;

As to the Clothiers in the County of Gloucester;

As to the Norwich Weavers.

As to the Stocking-makers of Somersett and Dorsett As to the Yorkshire Clothiers;

As to the Bay and Saymakers of Essex and Suffolke; As to the Drapers ih London:

The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That the Reading the said Reports at the Table, be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next, the first Business.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Whitmore have Leave to go into the Country for a Month.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Tennison, for the Sermon he preached before them Yesterday; and that he be desired to print the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamden do give him the Thanks, and acquaint him with the Desires of this House, accordingly.

Resolved, That Sir Richard Temple be added to the Committee appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords, in relation to the Proceedings upon the Judgments against Mr. Oates.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Owen have Leave to go into the Country for a Month.

The House being informed, that the Clerk of the Crown attended, according to their Order on Tuesday last, he was called in; and the Clerk of the Treasury of the King's Bench, with the Record, touching Mr. Oates and Air. Johnson.

Ordered, That the Gustos B of the King's Bench

do attend this House, with the Record between Goodwyn and Hales.

The House then, according to the Order of Monday last, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting a Subsidy to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the ('hair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That Air. Solicitor General had delivered in the Clause of Credit, directed by the House; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments, and added several Clauses to the Bill; and directed him to move the House, That he might make Report concerning the same on Saturday Alorning next.

Resolved, That the House will receive the said Report on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Air. Finch have Leave to attend the Leave for a Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between Member to Phillips and Croply.

attend Lords.

Resolved, That the Amendments proposed by the Lords Bights of the to be made to the Bill for declaring the Rights of the Subject, and Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown, be read the Crown Tomorrow Alorning, after the Cause concerning the ° e rown* East India Company is heard.

A Bill for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer and Supply Bill 5 Ale, was read the Second Time. Excise.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause to be added to that Bill, for the Exportation of Corn and Grain from the Town of Berwick upon

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Privilege, vileges between Sir Rich. Temple and Air. Palmes be made this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given to ^jr- Wake Air. Wake, for the Sermon he preached before them thanked. Yesterday, and that he be desired to print the same.

Ordered, That Air. Grey do give him the Thanks, and acquaint him with the Desires of this House accordingly.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, T die Junii; i° Willielmi et Alarice,

Prayers.

MR. Serjeant Wogan reports from the Committee price’s to whom the Bill for Supply of defective Con- Estate, veyance made by Roger Price, Esquire, of the Alanorof Westbury in the County of Bucks was referred, That the Committee thought fit to make several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth:

Fo. 8. 1. 8, after the Word "same," leave out the whole Sentence, till you come to the Word, " to" in the 14th Line.

Fo. 8. 1. 15, after the Word " aforementioned," and before the Word " may," in the 16th Line, leave out these Words, " and the said after-born Sons."

Fo. 8. 1. 16, after the Word " most," and before the Word " Majesties," leave out the Word " sacred;" and, instead thereof, insert the Word " Excellent."

Fo. 9. 1. 2, between the Word " the" and the Word " of," leave out the Word " Assent;" and instead thereof, insert these Words, " Advice and Consent."

Fo. 9, 1. 14, between the Word " Manor" and the Word " Premises," leave out the Word " or," and, instead thereof, insert the Word " and."

Fo. 10,1. 2, after the Word " accordingly," leave out all till you come to the Word, " saving," in the 14th Line.

Fo. 10.

Price’s

LbUte.

-Answer respecting Col. Lundte.

Preventing . ? j*.xpovt Ot

\\ ol.

Proceedings eg vtust the iSevtn Bishops, &c.

iW.^M, f Junil i6j

to. io, 1. 15, after the Word " Heirs," and before the Word, " *" leave out the Word " andand, instead thereof, insert the Word " Successors;" and after the Word " Executors," and before the Word " other," in the same Line, add the Words " and Administrators." Fo. 10, 1. 16, between the Word " the," andtlie Word " and, " leave out the Words " Father deceased ;" and, instead thereof, insert these Words " Second Son."

Fo. 10, 1. 17, after the "Word " the," and before the Word " all," leave out the Word " Father," and instead thereof, insert the Words " Second Son."

The First of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth. Tellers for the Yeas

/Mr.

’/Mr.

Bracer,

43;

53-

Tellers for the No*/!* M

’ [Sir rho.

So it passed in the N egative.

The Second Amendment being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Third, Fourth, and Fifth of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Sixth Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

All the rest of the said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be engrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle have Leave to go to the Leave of Army for Two Months. Absence*

Ordered, That the Lord Fairfax have Leave to go to the Army, for Two Months.

Ordered, That Sir John Rouse have Leave to go into the Country, for Ten Days.

Ordered, That Mr. Jones have Leave to go into the Country for a Month,

A Petition of Jeffery Nightingale, in Behalf of himself East India and others, was read; setting forth; that he with other Company* Merchants of London in 1684, employed a Ship, called The StreightsMerchant, on a Voyage to Moco in the Red

Sea, with a Cargo: To which Port she arrived; and, after Negotiation of the Traffick; and that she was reladen with Goods; which, at Market Price here, would have produced above Thirty thousand Pounds; and that while the Ship was in Preparation to return; on the 26th May 1687, there arrived in the said Road, the Ship Charles the Second, belonging to the East India Company, Jonathan Andrews Commander; who violently seized the Petitioner’s Ship, and carried her to Bombay; where the Company’s Factors, by a pretended Court of Admiralty, condemned and confiscated her, with the Cargo therein, still unjustly detaining the same: And praying the Compassion and Relief of this House.

Also the several Petitions following were presented to the House; viz.

The Petition of the Seamens Wives and Widows, that belonged to the Ship Loyal Adventure.

The Petition of the Wives or Widows of the Seamen, whose Names were thereunto subscribed.

The Petition of Eliz.Gosper and Elizabeth Cooke, Widows of John Gosper and Isaac Co, late Gunner of the Ship Nathanael and Rochester.

Ordered, That the Persons concerned in opposing the Bill for to supply a defective Conveyance made by Roger Price, Esquire, of the Manor of Westbury in the County of Bucks; as also, the Prosecutors of the said Bill; be heai’d by their Counsel at the Bar of this House thereupon, this Day Sevennight, in the Morning.

Sir Henry Capell acquaints the House, That he, with others of his Majesty's Privy Council, had, according to the Order of the House, acquainted his Majesty with their Desires, that Colonel Lundecmfoht be brought to the Committee, to whom it was referred, to inquire into the Miscarriages relating to Ireland and Londonderry; and to transmit to the Committee the Commissions and Instructions relating to Londonderry; and that his Majesty had given Directions, that the same Should be done.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool is referred, be made upon Friday Morning next.

The House being informed, that the Clerk of the Crown, and Custos Brevium, attended with the Return of the Habeas Corpus, concerning the Seven Bishops, and the Record of their Trial; and the Record of the Case between Goodwyn and Hales

Ordered, That they do attend therewith, and bring Copies thereof on Saturday Morning next.

1 lie House being informed, that the Deputy Governor of the Tower attended; he was called in; and acquainted the House, that the Books and Warrants of Commitment of the Bishops were carried away by Sir Edward Hales; and therefore he cannot produce the Warrants of Commitments.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sachevcrellr Mr. Montague, do inspect the Books of the Privy Council; and take Copies of what relates to the Commitment of the Seven Bishops.

Vol. X.

Mr. Pollcxfen reports from the Committee to whom Ditto, the Petition of Charles Price and others was referred to be

considered; and also, the whole Affairs of the East India Company; that they had considered thereof accordingly; and had, in the first place, agreed upon a Resolution, respecting the East India Trade in general, and several Reports upon several Petitions, which were referred to the said Committee: Which Resolution, and the Report upon the Petition of the said Charles Price, and others, he read in his Place: But the House taking notice, that the Report was only a Narrative of the Evidence of seve- ’

ral Witnesses produced to, and examined at, the Committee, without stating the Case, or any Resolution given by the Committee thereupon;

Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed to the same Committee, and that they do report their Opinion, in the several Matters referred to them.

Then the House resumed the adjourned Debate touching the East India Company, upon the Petitions of Martha Bolton and Dorothy Bozvycr; and it was debated,

Whether the Narrative and Journal of the Proceedings of the Court Martial in Sancta Helena, formerly delivered in, Should be read.

Resolved, That the said Journal and Narrative be read.

The Narrative, dated at Sancta Helena, 27 December

1684, was read.

The Journal, dated at Sancta Helena, 30 December

1685, was read.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that one Mr. Cooke, one Threatening of the East India Company, had spoke some threatening Petitioner. Words to the Petitioners, who were at the Door;

Resolved, That the Persons to whom the Words were spoke, be called in.

Whereupon

Measure of

Norwich

Stuff*

Wye, &c. Navigation.

Papists Benefices.

Privilege — a person reprimanded and discharged.

Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

Recovery of Tythes.

Newcastle noon Tyne C >url of Conscience.

Exceptions in Bill of Indemnity! &c.

i(58

A. 1689.

Whereupon four VTomen came m; and gave an Account of the Discourse between them and Mr. Cooke.

' And then withdrew.

Resolved, That Mr. Cooke be called in.

And he came in; and also gave an Account of what had passed between him, and those Women (who were none of the Petitioners); and denied any Threats to them.

And then he withdrew.

Whereupon the Complaint fell.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to examine the Matters relating to the Norwich Stuffs, and Drapers and Mercers of London, be revived: And that all the Members that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall, be added to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 8* (lie Junii; i° Willielmi et Marine.

MR. Solicitor General reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Rivers of Wye and Lugg in the County of Hertford, navigable that the Committee had thought fit to make several Amendments to the Bill: which they had directed him to report to the I louse: But the House being informed, that since the Committee had agreed upon the Report, the Parties concerned are come to some Agreements, whereby there will be occasion to make several Variations in the Report;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee; and that they do meet this Afternoon, at ' Four of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest in the Two Universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Stoner Crouch, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending the House, was read; setting forth, That he, living distant from Sir John Doyley, did not know that he was a Member of the House, when the Declarations in Ejectment complained of were delivered; and, as soon as he did hear so, he told Sir John s

Attorney, he would not be concerned further in the Matter; and was very sorry they were delivered through Ignorance: and praying to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Stoner Crouch be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

And accordingly he was brought in; and, upon his Knees received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Order for the last adjourned Debate, relating to the East India Company was read.

And the House being informed, that the Clerk of the Crown and Custos Breviumattended with the Records of the Judgments in Goodwin and Hales, and against Mr.

Otes and Mr. Johnson; and Return of the Habeas Corpus relating to the Seven Bishops;

They were called in; and delivered Copies of those Records, as they were directed:

And then withdrew.

The House proceeded upon the adjourned Debate re- East India lating to the East India Company. Company.

And the Question being put, that such Persons as procured the Commission to execute Martial Law in the Island of Sancta Hellend, and such as signed Instructions for putting the same in Execution, be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity, as to those Crimes;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put:

And it was resolved in the Affirmative: Whereupon,

The main Question was put:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Hoskyns;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Oaths taken An Act to regulate the Administration of the Oaths re- W Officers quired to be taken by Commission or Warrant Officers, ln the Arm-' employed in their Majesties Service by Land, by virtue of an Act made this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths; To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill for Exporta- Exporting tien of Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum, without any Alte- Beer, \c. ration.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House do, on Friday next, at Ten East India of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trade. House, to consider of the East India Trade, and how it may be settled to the best Advantage of this Nation.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to examine the Proceeding Journals relating to the Proceedings upon Conferences, in uP°n ^uu-Passing of Bills, do meet this Afternoon, and make their lerence8* Report on Monday Morning next.

/Mr. Coningsby /Mr. Howe, fSir Jos. Tre

/Mr. Bicker 1 the Affirmative.

59-

}»38.

Ordered, That Sir Eduy. Harley, Sir Jennings, Mr. Harley, Mr. White, be added to the Committee for inspecting the Bill of Oaths: And that they do meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes was referred, be made on Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Bicker staffe reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing a Court of Conscience in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne was referred, that the Committee had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreecHinto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Then the Order of Wednesday last, for the further Proceeding on the Consideration of the Heads of Exceptions in the Bill of Indemnity, was read, and also, the

*4

Resolved, That the House do proceed in the further Exception* Consideration of the Heads of Exceptions in the Bill of in Bill oi Indemnity, on Tuesday Morning next. Indemnity.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 10* die Junii;

I. Willielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

MR. Hamden reports from the Committee of the Supply Bill.

whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to their Majesties was referred, that they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made in the Bill, and, several Clauses and Provisoes to be added thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the same, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read.

A Debate arose thereupon, Whether the said Subsidy Should be raised and paid by Four Quarterly Payments, as the Committee had agreed the Bill, and appointed

Times

Militia.

Orphans

London.

Aulnagt

Duty.

i W. & M. 16° — i

Times for the Collecting and Receiving the same, or by Two Three Months Payments; and the House agreed. That it Should be by Two Three Months Payments: The First Payment to be the First Day of December; and the Second Payment the First Day of March; and the Times of Collection and Receipt to be made to agree therewith: Whereupon the Bill and Amendments were altered and amended accordingly. ' And a Debate arose, touching what Estate the Commissioners Should be of; and the House agreed they Should have One hundred Pounds per Annum real Estate apiece in the County.

And the Amendments, with such Alterations, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be made Part of the Bill; for no Fees to be paid in the Exchequer, for the Monies arising by this Bill, or any other Act of Parliament: And the same was Twice read; and afterwards withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be made Part of the Bill: for lessening the Fees of the Monies issued in the Exchequer: Which was Twice read.

Resolved, That the Clause be committed: And it is referred to Sir Tho.Lee, Mr. Hen.Herbert, Mr Sir Fran. Russell, Mr. Sachevere Sir Jos. Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Herbert, Sir Robert

Clayton, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Bicker staffe; or any Three, of them: And they are to make their Report Tomorrow Morning.

Another Clause was offered, to be made Part of the Bill; for particular Commissioners to be nominated for assessing the Cinque Ports: And the same was Once read.

And the Question being put, That it be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir John Doylcy, Mr. Mr. Wm.

Cooke, Mr. Whitehead, Mr. be added to the

Committee, appointed to inspect the Acts touching the Militia; and to consider wherein the same are defective, and how they may be supplied: And all that come are to have Voices.

Resolved, That this House do on this Day Sevennight, the first Business, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 11* die Junii; l* Willielmi et Marios.

Praters.

THE Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petitions against the Aulnagers, and to consider of the Abuses of the Aulnage in general, according to the Order of Tuesday last, were read at the Table; and are as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of the Clothiers in the County of Gloucester;

It appeared to the Committee, That the original Foundation of this Duty is upon the 27th Edward III. Cap. 4. the Cause of making which Statute, as by the Preamble appears, was the Abuses of the then Aulnagers imposing upon Strangers: And that every one might know what he bought, without opening the Cloth, the Aul-nager was appointed to measure; in which he gave the just Content of the Cloth; and for that was to receive, for an whole Cloth, an Halfpeny; and for an half Cloth, One Farthing; and for what was less, nothing; neither was that to tend to Cloths that were not to be sold. Then it grants a Subsidy upon these Cloths of Assize, wherein there was no Grab, of Four-pence: Scarlet, Six-pence; half Grain, Five-pence: But conditions expressly, That no Cloths shall be forfeited (that being a Vox.. X

i0 kJunii. 169

Part of the Grievance), but shall payslid) Cloth Aulnage exceeding Three Yards above Measure: Neither are Duty. Cloths made for one’s own Use, to pay Subsidy: So that the Cloths being allowed to be between Twenty-six and Twenty-eight Yards long, and not to pay more than Four-pence Halfpeny, unless they are more than Three Yards above the Length, and Six Quarters and an half broad; so have the First Sight to compare how the Gloucestershire Cloths pay now, in respect to what they did formerly.

That the next Statute produced was 17° Richa. II*

Cap2*. which gives a Liberty to sell Cloths of any Dimensions, paying Aulnage and Subsidy pro rata: But conditions, that Cloths shall be measured by the King’s Aulnager, and sealed with his Seal; and by that seems to imply, That there was a Benefit to the Trade, and a Duty performed for this Fee of Aulnage.

There is also another Statute made, in the same Year of Richard the Second, Cap. 5. which forbids Aulnagers to be made for Life; and annuls such Patents; implying as if a Man might make an unreasonable Use of that Imployment, if he had it for a Term.

That, to these Statutes, the Counsel for the Aulnagers produced several Judgments and Decrees; First, One b the Exchequer, wherein they had a Verdict, which does find, that, if they are to pay by the Weight, the full Duty is paid; if by Measure, the Duty is not paid; and thereupon, the Verdict goes against the Clothiers.

That there was a Petition from the Clothiers to the King and Council, which went against them: But indeed, the Clothiers do complain of foul Play in this; however, they were dismissed.

There was then produced a Statute, 4 Jac. I"1 (which some People accuse of having been foully obtained): This enacts, That a broad Woollen Cloth shall be Twenty-four Yards long, without mentioning any Breadth; and that all Payments shall be made according to this Rate.

That there were afterwards these Witnesses produced on behalf of the Aulnagers;

William Wratten: Who said, That John Turner's Cloths, now under Seizure, were Forty-four Yards long, and Six Quarters broad, dry and strained.

Thomas Hunt said, he had sometimes bought Gloucestershire Cloths Forty-four and Forty-eight Yards long:

That these, w hilst in the Water, are either Thirty-six, Thirty-eight, or Forty; and that these last, when strained, will come to Forty-eight long: That the Clothiers give Allowance, if they are not so; and that the Breadth of these Cloths is Six Quarters and half.

Now, there having been Weight mentioned, as well as Measure, and the Cloth being really made longer than appointed by the Statutes, I would beg Leave to make some Digression; and to give you an Account what Relation there is between the Measure and the Weight; and how they pay pro rata, in relation to the Dimensions allowed by the Statutes, and those the Clothes are made at now; and this before I come to the Custom and Usage upon these Statutes, which are the Proofs by the Clothiers.

In all Commodities made of W ool by Statutes or Judgments, Sixty-four Pounds Weight is to pay Four-pence Subsidy, and One halfpeny Aulnage: Now, if the Gloucestershire Cloths pay according to this Weight, it is probable, though the Cloths be stretched (the Markets requirbg it) the King’s Tax is satisfied as to the Measure also: But a Cloth weighs commonly Seventy-two Pounds, for which they pay Six-pence: This is Three-halfpence for the Eight Pound exceedbg the Sixty-four Pound, and what is more than pro rata: Then ta ke the Measure to be allowed, full-milled, thick, and unstrained. Twenty-four Yards (at which time the Aulnage ought to measure) and Six Quarters and half wide; they are now made Five Quarters and half, unstrained, wide, which amounts to Nine Inches bated in Breadth: Then, allowing (which is always) for One Inch in Breadth, One Yard in Length; this will make the Twenty-four to be Thirty-three: And to these add Four Yards for stretching in Length, and Four Inches and half in Breadtii: Then Cloth will come to Thirty-seven long, and Six Quarters

U u broad,

Aulnage

Duty.

170 . ii° Junii. £689.

broad, and Sixty-four Pound Weight; which has an universal Agreement with the Rates: Arid then, if the other Seven Yards remaining, to allow' it'of the highest, agrees with the Eight Pbund Weight, there is arj universalf Agreement between the Weight and Measure: And thisf we shall see, by dividing the Six-pence, paid by the Gtou-' cesterskire Clothiers, into Four Three-halfpences (whereof: Three Quarters is already paid); and see, if Three Quar- ‘ ters, which is tour Halfpenies, be paid for Thirty-seven Yards of Gloucestershire Cloth, how many Yards must remain for the last Quarter pro rata; and we shall find Twelve and a Quarter: Which out-runs the Seven allowed at the Top of all is pretended from them: And, according to this, has been the Usage, say the Shire Clothiers: And, to prove which, they produce these Witnesses following.

Joell Andrewes said, That formerly Gloucestershire Clothes used to be broad Lists, and contain in Leingth between Thirty-six and Thirty-eight Yards; their Breadth Six Quarters: That the Trade required changing to narrow Lists, which contained, in the Water, from Thirty-two to Thirty-four Yards in Length; and were less than Six Quarters wide: From this, in some time, they added to the Length of their Cloths Two Yards; and abated of the Breadth: So that then the Measures come to be ' wet Thirty-four and Thirty-six in Length, and in Breadth Five and an half: That for a Cloth of these Dimensions, there was never more paid than Six-pence, till within about these Two Years:' That these narrow Lists have always been made with a Forrill in the Middle; which the Aulnagers very well knew from the Beginning, yet never pretended to any Duty for such Fomll, more than the Six-pence per Cloth, till within these Two or Three Years: Since which Time, they have demanded Threepence more; and, if the Clothiers made any Delay in the Payment, they would seize the Cloths, and make them pay Two-pence per Cloth for shell Seizure, over and above the Demand of Nine-pence. This Witness had Cloths seized from him by the Aulnagers, for the Niue-pence Duty, of Daniel Webb, Benjamin Talboyes; and which he was forced to pay the whole Duty of Nine-pence, and Ten Shillings over, for, before he could Have them again. He further says, That a Cloth of Thomas Ridlers being seized by the Aulnagers, he demanded the Return, paying the Duty of Nine-pence; but was refused.

Sir Thomas Vernon; That he was in Turkey in the Year 1652, at which time, he first saw narrow listed Cloths of Gloucester', and agrees, in Evidence, with the former Witness touching the Measure.

Sir William Falkner saith, He never remembers other but narrow listed Cloths, and that the Measures were as before, and the Cloths made with a Forrill; and that, though such a Cloth were cut in Two at the Middle, it was then esteemed no more than a whole Cloth: He remembers from 1662.

Mr. Walter Coventry, traded Thirty-five Years, saith, That the Measures have always been as aforesaid: That the narrow Lists came in Request about the Year 1657': That they were always made with a Forrill, without which they could not be merchantable.

Thomas Nappier said, That he received this Duty of Aulnage, for about Nine Years after his Father’s Death, who received for many Years before; during which time, they used all narrow Lists with Forrills in the Middle, and had Three Peny Seals, at each End One; for which he was never paid more than Six-pence: And says, That the Lengths have always been used as above described.

Thus far touching the Usage and Measures, Sealing and Duty paid till Two Years since.

Mr. James Bodington agreed, in the Measure with those that have given Evidence; and that narrow Lists have always had a Forrill, which was used for that they might colour the same Cloth of Two different Colours, or sell half a Cloth, upon Occasion, without opening the Other half; which, it seems, is as damageable to Cloth as it was to Says and Bays, for which the Duty has been taken off formerly by Act of Parliament from Says and Bays; notwithstanding which, the Aulnagers have cut

open several Clothe tq, Sjeqrcli. , for the, %«dsby.^ich -means, the Cloth? have^heeq. rctpiyjeq ,upon, pi9th*ers Hands, as rejected Goods: Tpis.fonrill,.from the Year 1667, for qijout Twenty X!eftr3if’*n<i #l|W£ys known to the ^ulpagers, witqoqt, their, pretending, to any further, Duty foy it: But, withip abpqt these Two Years, they Have pretended to ^emend Tl^ee-pence, more, saying, the Cloths madq with a Forrill in the Middle, w^re double Cloths, though, in ^Reality, they contain no more in Measpre, or Weight, than the former Gloucestershire broad listed Cloths without a Forrill: And for this new Duty, they have seized several Clpths; whereof they, have now in their Hands Thirty Cloths of One Man's; and refuse to deliver them, unless the Clothiers will pay very extravagant Fees over and 1 above the Threepence.

That the Clothiers, being mightily distressed by this, apd wanting their Cloths for. a present . Market, have proffered to pay the Demands; hut have , been rufused, and lqst their Markets.

This Witness said, particularly, That he had: Four Cloths seized out of his Hands, for which, he offered the Three-pence pretended extraordinary Duty; hut . could not obtain them, till he paid Twenty Shillings, more, for pretended Fees: Saith, several Cloths have been seized for Three-pence alone, apd never returned.

He further saith, That sometimes Cloths come up out of the Country cut in, Two at the Forrill; and that the Aulnagers denying to sell Three-pence Seal (which they were used to do fqrmerly by the Bushel), the Clothier has been obliged to take a Four-pence, Halfpeqy Seal, and a Peny Halfpeny Seal, and put One upon his Cloth at one End, and the other at the other; and the Cloths being cut, as aforesaid, they have seized the Piece with the Peny Halfpeny Seal upon it, pretepding want of Duty.

Mr. Wm. Webb, Clothier, said, That these present Aulnagers have taken Three-pence upon each Cloth, over and above the accustomed Duty, for about Three Years: That one Stephen Peck, about Lady Day was Twelve-months, did seize Two of his Cloths in Blackwell Hall, and carried them to his Office; and, upon his Demand, they denied to deliver his Cloths: Upon which, he paid the Three-pence, and about Twelve Shillings Charges: And that the Aulnagers used, ordinarily, to make such Clothiers, from whom they exacted this Duty, give them a Discharge, or general Release.

Daniel Chance said, That the Aulnagers seized upon Cloths of his, in the Year 168b, in Blackwell Hall, in February, for not having Two Four-peny Halfpeny Seals affixed, One at an End; though, in Truth, some of them had such Seals, which they seized nevertheless, and carried away to the Aulnagers Office: Where Bodington comes to demand the Reason of the Seizure; the Officers tell him, for Non-payment of the Duty of Nine-pence: Bodington replies, He never knew more than Six-pence due: Whereupon the Officers retained the Cloths a considerable Time, and opened them; by which they were damaged Twenty Shillings a Cloth: But, at last, upon paying their Demand, which came to a Peny a Cloth, over and above the Nine-pence, they were delivered.

John Haynes, Factor, said, That Gloucestershire Cloths (till of late) never used to pay the Aulnagers more than Six-pence a Cloth, although they were made with a Forrill, and the same Dimensions with these now made: That he hath had several Cloths seized in his Standing; and particularly, several Seizures made upon the Cloths of Jqhn Turner.; at one time Eighteen Cloths: And the said Turner, knowing the Damage the Opening those Cloths would be to him, offered Three-pence apiece extraordinary Duty; but was refused all, save Four or Five Cloths; and, indeed, the rest yet remain in the Aulnagers Hands. He had once Fifteen returned from the Aulnagers, which were refused by the Merchant, for having beep opened, after he had paid Two-pence a Cloth Porterage, Three-pence extraordinary Duty, and Six-pence the Cloth. Acquittance.

Mr.

rW,'^M. W^Jthai 171

uliff; fbijfe ^othjery^/acture, ‘tiW’ ’npy©r ppi<£, qtie y«^ngy tfll t^e Tim© of

t Trade By thesfeSiial^drthAf <He Cldtnier^'pu't stem on fte‘fVste'yh?n tj^e Duke of Jticfimwdy/w so very

themselves, without any ofhe^ Idfdrs^ildtJon. ^' WMret^V'and'.tn^ a Cqnipany of ypry poor Men, that

'That, upoA heiring^amtf'^Basin’g the1 whole7 IVlfctter, they could nptj oppose his great Authority; but were 1 at Several Sittings,*: the- <]^itiSittBe'bays>to'^ew ‘Reso- ‘forced to' submit tq their own Dpanftge for something, lutforis following;"vis.. 1 and rafter pay,a Farming upon a Stuff, thai^ be put to

Resolved That it is fte Opinion1 of ftis Committee, One h^imdxedrotutds Qh^ge in:a, Iaw Suit: And this,

That there is no* more than Six-pence'Duty' of Aulnage, they say, appear s sufficiently, by the Parliament's Damn-or Subsidy, due for any One such Gloucestershire Cloth,' in^’d^ Pop feu's Patent; as also, That if that. Duty had with a Forrill in the Middle. ,. ‘ teen in the King, Pooley need, not have desired a Con-

''Resobed,'That the Gottedtingor'Distraining for more' ^matron, in Parliament, ©s he did.

' that Six-pencd ‘Duty of Aulnage, or Subsidy, for any _ That they said tdsp, Tpat the Statute of 27 III.

One GdoubesterskireCloth,1 is illegal’ 'and an Abuse to the ’ ‘names only Wool, and that there is very, great Differ-

"'^Subject. ence.between Woollen and Worsted Manufactures;, and

tt r, ..... , f' ir. . , wthat when an Act of Parliament intends to grant a Tax,

Upon the Petition of the Norwich Weavers: . n .1 . ..... . -b J

’ ( it never spares naming particulars: 1 hat, ip. other Acts

It appeared td tte Chhamlttee,' That there Vas ftis ox Parliament, they are nameddistincdy and apart; which

Definition given'of Worsteds;' That they were only Stuffs in this they are not: And therefore, suppose Worsteds not

> made at the Town of Worstedinthe County of Norfolke.designed to be comprehended within it; and do aver.

There was also this Account giveq by John Motrum, of that whatever of the Woollen Manufactures be compre-

1 the Difference between Worsted and Woollen; That one hended within the Statute of 27 Edw. III. ought to an-

passes through the Cdmbs, and the other is carded.: That swer the Size of Northampton; which could not mean worsted Yarn'will not ttiake Cldth: Add that, in making these Worsted, by reason they had another Assize, as

up into'Stuff Threads of sevefal‘other Materials, as Yarn, appears by Record of 1 Edw. III. As to the Grant of the

1 Silk,’^c. are inixf withjit, to ‘different Quantities. There City of , for Seven Years, nothing appeal’s what

1 is also anbther Stuff made here of Worsted and Woollen, became of that Duty before or after;, and therefore, they

called Druggets; which'was not known'till th© Begin- suppose, might be some Agreement between the King ' ing of Charles the'Sec"ohd. ‘These are the several Stuffs and the Citizens for, the Good of the City.

-which are in Question, by this Petition: and the Question That it is true, that this Pretence of Aulnage began to -was, Whether they were to be comprehended as Woollen (be very troublesome towards the Beginning of James the -Cloth within the Statute of 27 Edw: III. Cap. A, First; andj was then referred to all the Judges; by whom

Thht the Reasons, urged by the Aulnagers, ,\vhy they there was no Duty found due for Worsteds, as appears Should, be comprized, w as, for that the Duty of Subsidy in Lord Cooke, 2d Part, 62, and Fo. 545.

3and Aulnage was granted to the King, in Consideration They say, there is a very considerable.Difference made ^Of anofter Duty ot Six Shillings and Eight-pence due to between Worsted and Woollen Manufactures in 24* Tas Majesty, 'for every Sack' of Wool exported: Which III. where Worsted pays but One Peny, and Wool-

Duty ceasing Exportation being forbid by the Statute of len One Shilling and Two-pence.

24 £.111 . this was granted in lieu of it. . That they said, in Answ’er to the Decree given by my

That, to prove this, the Aulnagers produce a Patent . Lord Chief Baron Hales concerning Bays, that it relates "for marking and measuring of thes©, Norwich Stuffs, nothing to them; Bays being a new Drapery, and theirs, 'granted to one Pooley, in the 22d of E. JII.; But this old.

Patent was damned the next Parliament, There was also That, as the Judgment and Verdict given by my Lord another Patent of the like Sort, granted in the 36th of Chief Baron , they say, that it was gotten, be-

!Queen Eliz. to one Helves and Fitz Williams; but suf- cause they were not suffered to read several Depositions,

taken in the 44th of Queen Eliz.; the Court forbidding the reading them, because they could not, at that time, find an Answer, which had been made in that Court some time before in the same Case: Which seeming to this

fered the like Fate with the former: And thus it went to the Time of King James the First, when the Duke of Richmorid (as it is said), having greatPower at Court, forces the Workers of Worsted to pay for some time.

That it was also there proved, That Pam/ Canham seizes Committee a Hardship in the Law, and that those Depo-some of the Worsted Stuffs: Whereupon the Workmen sitions might be a great Weight against the Judgment, were obliged to force an Information in the Exchequer, the Committee was inclined to hear them: And the before the Lord Chief Bqron Montague; where the Jury Question was put, Whether they Should' be read or no; found it against them: Whereupon, the Aulnagers got and carried in the Affirmative.

this Verdict settled in the Nature of a Decree in Chan- These Depositions did all affirm, that none never paid eery, or Latin Information. but of late.

That it is agreed on all Hands, that the Duty of Aul- That they also affirmed, which Paul Canham ackhow-hage is repealed by the Statute of 7 Edw. IV. But then it ledged, That the Lease, granted to him for Twenty-one iS said, by the Aulnagers, th© Subsidy remains due: And Years, from the Duke of for this Duty, was

to prove this, it was urged by the Aulnagers (^ounpel, t>ut barely a Lease of Prosecution: for that the Coindi-That, when the Question was before the Lora Chief tiens were to pay Twenty Pounds per Annum the First

Seven Years, Fifty Pounds the (Second Seven Years, and One hundred Pounds the Third.:

That, seeing that this was wholly a Case in Law, it was put to the Question, Whether.this Committee would decide the Point in Lawand it was carried in the Affirmative.

Whereupon the Committee proceeded to examine Witnesses. *; c

Thomas Nutter: Who said, He was^ Apprentice to Alderman of Norwich; and that he was the First

that ever made Druggets, and had it some time a Secret to himself., H© says further, That the Threads of different Materials were mixed in Weaving, not in the

Baron Hales, Whether a Duty was due for Says; it was resolved, That a Subsidy was due. The Counsel urged further, That Wool and Worsted ought to te comprehended under the same Name; for, that in the 11th of Hen. IV. they are called Hrdbs de Worsted.

That the Counsel for the Aulnagers, to prove this Duty was in the King, produced a Grant in Hen. IV. to the City of Norwich, of this Duty, for Seven Years, to help them to repair a Watercourse and Walls; which by that Grant, appeared then to be out of Order: And thus far goes the Proof of the Aulnagers.

That the Counsel, on the other side, denied, That this Subsidy becomes due, in Consideration of the Transportation of Wool being forbid; but that it becomes due, Spinning: Then there was produced a Piece of Stuff in Compensation of the Forfeitures due to fte King, which was more than half Silk; for which the Aulnager upon the Statute of Northampton, and the 25 Edw. IIP. demands a Duty. He says further, That, about Three

which he had remitted: And say, That, in reality, from Years since, Paul Canham seized Five. Pieces of his Stuff the Time of the granting this Duty upon Woollen Manu- for Fifteen Farthings Duty, which he detains still.

Autnagf

Duty.

Aulnage

Duty.

172

John Wiggettsaid, That he had Forty Yards of Stuff

seized by the Aulnager, and put in his Warehouse; where they were thrown up and down, till they were so greasy, that, when he would have sold them, they were returned by the Merchants. He says, That he has sometimes lost the Seals off the Stuffs, which have afterwards been seized by Cannon :Arid that, when he has told him, that he could prove the Duties were paid, and effectually proved it, Cannon, to avoid giving them again, pretends they were returned into the Exchequer; And then comes one Bryarton to get Money upon Computation,

and advises him to give a Sum of Money for them: But he resolves to try it out by Law; and says. That the Rabble, going to Cannon's in the late Resolution, found the Stuffs there, who acquainted the said Mr. Wiggett with it, He seizes them by Replevin.

Thomas Westwood, Servant to the Weavers, received his Wages in Goods; whereof he sent a Parcel to London. Conham, by the Way, seizes those which were unsealed, without returning a Farthing, though the Duty was not worth Four-pence.

Thomas Pitcher works in Rugs which he_______was never

called to the Crown Seal till Time: However,

a Market offering, he desires Seals of Canham, which he denied: So he sends his Twenty Rugs away without them, and Canham seizes them at Lynn: He says, That any of Canham's Family used to give out Seals formerly,

though the same was denied him now. Canham, upon this, demands Ten Pounds for the Rugs, but takes Four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six-pence, which he would not give a Receipt for, but makes him take a Receipt for Twenty Shillings; whereas, in truth, the Duty due for those (if any) was but Twenty-pence.

John Mottrum said, That they being obliged to wait for Seals, is a very' great Grievance, and Loss of their Time, his House being of a very great Distance, although at some Hours of the Day he seals at Weavers Hall. He says further, That Mr. Canham, liking Two Pieces of his Stuff, seized them also, although he was duly paid before; and obliges the Weaver to pay Five Shillings for One Piece again; whereof the Weaver made Affidavit; and that the Crown Seal was then upon the Piece.

'Thomas Mason said, That Canham demanded Search at his House, although his Son had been there but Two Days before; at which he . surprised; and asking, why he did so, Canham forces open his Press, and takes away Three Pieces of his Stuff; whereof One was sealed; and used them all ill, to spoil them; He takes these Stuffs for Work, which is a Custom there; and sometimes delivered them sealed by the Weavers, and sometimes not: Which the Workmen received so; and the Aulnager commonly comes and seals them at their own Houses, Now, to have these returned, he is obliged to give Twelve Bottles of Sack to the Aulnager’s Wife, and Twelve Pounds or more to himself; which he effectually paid.

William Axis tin said, That Paul Canham seized upon Three Pieces of Silk Crape of his at Attleborough in the Way of London, the like of which he had refused to give Seals for, half a Year before, saying, those that proffered him came to betray him; such Mixtures of Silk belonging not to his Office: Yet he never returned them again; the Pieces were worth Three Pounds and Six-pence a piece, and the Duty demanded Three Farthings.

Thomas Crotch said, when Canham came first to Norwich, he sold Seals; and that, asking him, whether he might put Seals to Silk Stuffs, Canham replied, He might; for he expected an Order. This Witness had a Piece of rich Stuffs, which he desired Canham to seal at his own House, for fear of spoiling them some way in carrying out: Accordingly, Canhams Son comes to his House, and seals them, for which he received what Duty he demanded; nevertheless, Canham meets them at Attleborough, and seizes them.

Whereupon the Committee came to these Two Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That this Committee is of the Opinion, That the Stuffs, commonly called Worsteds, or Stuffs,

22

1689.

are not liable to pay the Duty or Subsidy of Aulnage, either by the Statute of the 27th of Edward IIP or any other Statute of this Realm.

Resolved, That this Committee is of Opinion, That the Collections of the Duty and Subsidies of Aulnage, which have been made upon such Worsteds, or Norwich Stuffs, were a great Oppression, and illegal.

Upon the Petition of the Stocking Makers-of Somerset

and Dorset t;

That the Committee examined further into the Abuses committed by the Aulnagers, and, upon the 270 April, had before them the Petition of the Stocking Makers in the Counties of Somersett and Dorsett; by which, they said, Eight thousand Families were maintained.

That this appeared to be a Duty never demanded till the Year 1685, when it was first set on Foot, and esteemed, in those Counties, worth about One hundred Pounds per Annum, though, by the Ingenuity of the Aulnagers, it is now amounted to about Eight thousand It seems, the general Design of this Aulnager was (by his laying his Pretensions upon the Six Shillings and Four-pence for every Sack of Wool exported) to bring all the Wool off to Land which was made up into any Manufacture under his Pay; and accordingly, set up a Standard (because they could get nothing by Measure in this Case) for Sixty-four Pound Weight in this Manufacture, to pay Four-pence Subsidy, and an Halfpeny Aulnage: And to justify themselves, produce an Information in the Exchequer 3 Jac. Fo. 87. That the Workers of Worsted Stocking, or Woollen, pay for Sixty-four Pound Four-pence Halfpeny, for Dornix a certain Weight, One Peny; but, because this could not presently be decided, the Judges order. That the Monies, which might become due upon the # *, Should be lodged in one Leonard

Napper the Town Clerk's Hands, till the Cause was determined.

Then, in pursuance of this, they produce an Order in Scaccario Anno 4° Jac. which sets forth, That the Duty had been in the Crown for Twenty-five Years last past; and, thereupon, orders the Money in Deposito to be paid to the Duke of Richmond’, who gives Security to repay this again, in case a Judgment Should go against them: This sets forth the Manner, how this Duty for Stockings Should be received.

That then the Aulnagers produce a Decree, in 6* Car. in the Exchequer, That new Drapery shall pay Four-pence Subsidy, and Halfpeny Aulnage; and Stockings Twenty-pence per Perk.

That Counsel for the Petitioners said: That this Subsidy was never paid till 1685: That their Clients do pay Seven-pence Halfpeny Duty for Stockings exported; but that their Case is so clear,’ they will only call their Witnesses.

Wm.Merrivell said, That he had known the Stocking Trade above Forty Years, but never heard of this Duty till the Year 1685, when the Aulnager began to demand for Sixty-four Weight of Stockings Four-pence Halfpeny, and Three Years Arrears (it seems, this was let to farm in the Year 1681); and accordingly, made the Stocking Men pay it, who bring in an Action against them at Wells, and recover their Money: Then the Aulnager brings his Action in the Exchequer, which is yet depending: But that this would not serve the Aulnager’s Turn; and he changed his Four-pence Halfpeny of Sixty-four Pound Weight, to demand One Peny per Score for all Sorts of Stockings, as well great as little: Which this Witness refusing to pay, the Aulnager seized Forty Pounds Worth of his Goods, to the Loss of his Markets, and his great Damage: And, in the Whitsun Week, they seized upon Forty Shillings Worth more; and some time after, upon Forty-two Pounds Worth more: Which, though they delivered them back again for Ten-pence Charges, over the One Peny per Score, ceased not to be a very great Vexation.

That it is observable, That, whenever the Aulnager had a mind to demand any such Tax of the Workmen, and were refused, they would pick out Two or Three of-

them,

i i° Junii.

iW. &-U. 11° Junii. 175

them, who, not being able to bear the Charges of the Suit, would commonly submit

Archibald Harper produced a printed Paper, Which was sent down into the Country, and contains what the Stocking Maker Should pay; together, with a Letter owned to be writ by Mr. Moor's Directions, ordering such and such Persons to pay Twenty Pounds, as he directs, in Consideration of a Suit brought against Six Persons there, and a Verdict; which good 'terms he grants them, upon Condition they would aid him in levying the Duty.

This Witness paid towards the Three Years One Pound Five Shillings. He paid also to Hen. Monck of Blackibell Hall Three Shillings and Sixpence, over the One Peny per Score.

That, January the 20th, 1688, Monk came into their Chamber, and rifles all their Goods, demanding where the Seals were: The Workmen shewed them one Parcel, lying in the Window, which he denies to be fixed with a Tillet; but the Workmen, averring the y were, bid him seize; which he denied to do.

Timothy Michaell said, That he never knew this Sub-

sidy paid till the Year 1685, when Mr. Moore grounded his Pretensions upon the printed Decree, demanded Four-pence Halfpeny for Sixty-four Pounds Weight of Stockings; but, instead of holding to this, seizes this Witness’s Goods at London for One Peny per Score, contrary to his former Order; and sometimes hath seized his Goods, although die Four-pence Halfpeny Seal was upon them. He further says, There was a great Difference between Stockings in Weight, when they pay by the Score. He further saith, That he hath lost his Market, by Seizures, to the Damage of Five Pounds; as also, that Mens Stockings, exported, pay a Duty to the King of Seven-pence Halfpeny, over and above the pretended Duty of One Peny per Score.

JVm.TV are said, That he paid Twelve Pounds, as he proved by Recant, for Arrears pretended to be the Aulna-gers in 1685; as also, Twice Fifty Shillings for Seizures.

JVm.Evans, That the 7th April 1687, he was forced to pay One Pound Two Shillings, over and above the One Peny per Score to the Aulnagers; and that, having one Parcel of Nine, and another of Eleven, of these Goods, coming to London (which made up the Score), the Aul-nagers seized upon the Eleven, for being over Number, and took no notice of the Nine.

That) upon hearing the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions; vi

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Stockings made of Woollen or Worsted is not, by any Statute or Law of this Realm, comprehended within Drapery, and therefore not liable to the Subsidy of Aul-nage.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Collecting Four-pence Halfpeny for every Sixty-four Pounds Weight of Stockings, made of Woollen or Worsted, is a Grievance,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Collecting of One Peny per Score for Stockings, made of Wollenor Worsted, is illegal, and an Oppression to the Subject.

Upon the Petition of the Yorkshire Clothiers,

It appeared, that the Committee had examined into the Matter of the Petition of the Clothiers in the West Riding of the County of Yorke: Who set forth, That the Petitioners, Time out of Mind, never paid to the Aulnagers for the Seals, for Sealing of the Kerseys by them made and sold, called Northerne Kerseys, more than a Peny for a Seal for One Kersey, of what Length or Weight soever the same Kersey were; and had the same searched at their own Houses, without any further Trouble: But that, of late, the Aulnagers, or their Deputies, have not only exacted of your Petitioners Two-pence and Two-pence Halfpeny, and more, for some Seals for some of the said Kerseys; but also, after the Clothiers have bought Seals of them, at their own Rates, and have affixed them to their Kerseys, yet the Aulnagers have Vol. £.

distrained several of their Kerseys, sometimes at their ow n Aulnage Houses, sometimes as they were bringing them to the Duty. Markets to be sold) and sometimes in the Markets; pretending the y were under sealed, and because they were not stampt with the Word " Yorke" being by them new ly

invented, and never heard of till of late; and have detained their Kerseys, and forced them to pay such high and unreasonable Sums, as they have; at their own Plea*’ sures, demanded, to their great Damage;

That the Witnesses produced for the Clothiers were these;

John Denham, Clothier, said, That he hath been a Dealer in Kerseys for above Thirty Years; and that then, and for several Years after, no more was paid nor demanded than One Peny a Kersey: That formerly the' Kerseys were better, larger, and heavier than they are usually made now: That, in November 1684, he was carrying a Parcel of his Goods to Market; but one Brookes, belonging to the Aulnagers, seized them, and carried them away, though they were sealed, and the Seals paid for, to his great Damage, and Loss of his Market.

James Longbotham said, That he hath used the Trade of a Clothier Forty Years, and he hath fetched many Seals from the Aulnagers; and he never paid more than a Peny for a Seal; nor ever more then a Peny was demanded till of late.

Thomas Hanson, Factor, said, That he hath been a Dealer in Kerseys these Thirty-six Years; and that then, and for several Years after, he never paid, nor the Aul-nager never demanded, more than one Peny per Piece, though formerly the Kerseys w ere longer and broader than they are now made: Said, That the Aulnagers of late have taken upon them to seize their Kerseys, and rifle and tumble their Cloths; and have forced them to pay, sometimes Two-pence, sometimes Two-pence Halfpeny, and sometimes Three-pence, for a Kersey; and have abused and threatened the Clothiers; and have many times forced them to pay other Fees, besides the pretended Duty.

John Hurst said, That he hath been a Kersey Maker Fourteen Years: That, for Ten Years together, he never paid, nor the Aulnagers never demanded, more than a Peny for a Kersey. Saith, That about Two Years since, he was carrying Two Pieces of Kerseys to sell; but one Granage, belonging to the Aulnagers, met him on the Road, abused him, and seized the Cloths, and forced him to pay Ten Shillings, or else he would ruin him; which he accordingly paid out of Fear that he Should be ruined: Saith, That he paid for the Seals before to the Aulnager, for these two Pieces of Kerseys, which Granage seized.

That the Clothiers produced a Decree obtained in the Exchequer by the Clothiers, against the Aulnagers, in 12° Jacobi, which limits the Duty to One Peny for every Piece of Kersey.

That the Aulnagers produced the Act of 17 II-1,

Cap. 2. That Kersey, as well as others, Should pay Sub* sidy and Aulnage pro rata; and an Act of the 4th ward IVth. Cap. 1. which declares the Length of Kerseys to be Eighteen Yards; and 3* Jacobi I. Cap. 16. which gives Leave to make Kerseys of Twenty-four Yards long:

But delares, That a Kersey of Twenty-four Yards shall

giy as much, and a Third Part as much, as a Kersey of ighteen Yards ought to pay.

That they also produced a Decree by the Lord Chief Baron Montague (mentioning the Decree of 12 Jac. I.), which adjudges and decrees, That all Kerseys from Sixteen Pounds Weight to Twenty-four Pounds Weight shall pay One Peny Halfpeny Subsidy, and an Halfpeny Aulnage; and from Twenty-four Pounds Weight to '1'hirty Pounds Weight Two-pence Subsidy, and One Peny Halfpenny Aulnage, and so proportionably.

That the Aulnagers produced Mr. John Holroide to prove, That Kerseys have been made of these Lengths and Weights, and have paid no more than is decreed.

That they proved, that Brookes (w hom they say seized some of Denhams Cloths in 1684) was no Officer of theirs, neither had they the Farm of Yorke in the Year 1684.

X x That

Aulnage

Duty."

174 ii° Junii..A. 1689.

That the Committee, upon hearing the whole Matter, Caine to these Resolutions following;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is no . Money due for Aulnage, or Subsidy of Aulnage, upon Kerseys, than One Peny per Piece.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Collecting of more Aulnage, or Subsidy of Aul-tiage, than . One Peny for One Piece of Kersey Cloths, is a Grievance.

Upon the Petition of the Bay and Say Makers of Essex

and Suffolke;

It appeared to the Committee, That the Aulnagerslay it down for a Foundation, that all Things made of Wool were under their Right; and say, That this Right is sufficiently warranted by the Statutes of the 24 and 27 Edw. IIP. and 17* Ricar.IP. and say, That conformable to this have been many Judgments in that Case; and particularly quote the Case between Vere and Sampson in the Exchequer: Where upon a Demurrer, Issue \yas joined, and a Verdict given for them; which, nevertheless, they produced not. They urged also, the Lord Chief Ilaron Hales's Opinion and Judgment, that Bays and Says were in the Equity of the Statute, and ought to pay as new Drapery, although it was a Manufacture brought in long since the making of the Statute, which the Aulnagers ground this Presumption to this Duty upon; and conclude, with saying, these Acts of Parliament, and Judgments given upon them, they think sufficient Authority for their levying this Duty as they have done.

That the Petitioners said, That the Making of Bays and Says, and Perpetuana’s, was a Manufacture brought from beyond Sea hither, in 39’ That she was so

pleased with it, and thought it so great an Advantage to England, that, for an Encouragement, she incorporates them by the Name of the Dutch Bay Hall, as so they continued till 12® Car. IP.: which Statute takes notice of the great Advantage they bring to the Nation, and adds to their Privilege the Liberty of Sealing and Marking: That, for a Specimen of this Advantage, the Trade has employed Thirty thousand Families; but that, by this Pretence of Aulnage, &;c. so many Families are ruined, that scarce the half are now employ’d: That, to bring this to pass, the Aulnage have taken all Advantage upon the poor Workmen.

That first, whereas their Stuffs are tp pass through several Hands, where they are thrown up and down, as the Presser, Dyer, <§c. if the Seal, loosely set on, happens to drop off, there is an Aulnager at hand to take away the Piece of Stuff; but, thinking this not enough, they have of late, since the Judgments alledged, demanded more Duty; and, for Non-payment, seized and carried away without any Pretence of Law: Which (said the Counsel) did they not bear a great Respect to the Memory of the Lord Cooke, and the Lord Chief Baron Hales, they Should take it but for a Pretence, by any Ground for it they courted in the Statutes; for that, first, the Stuffs could not be intended by the Statutes, not being then made in England, neither can they be without the Equity of those Acts, the Ground of the Pretence upon all Wool being false; and that, for the Decree and Verdict in my Lord Cooke's Time, it is particularly said therein, That

they were directed so to do by a Decree in Queen Elizabeth's Time; which Decree not appearing, the Committee did not receive so much Satisfaction thereby; especially, it being urged by the Petitioner’s Counsel, That, in a Decree upon a Demurrer, Judgment may be given without trying the Merits of the Cause; and there-iore, the Record not being produced, this Verdict ought to weigh little with the Committee.

That the Petitioners offered for Evidence,

Daniel Nandiwall: Who said, That in Colchester they make Eight hundred Bays per Week; which are all brought to the Dutch Bay Hand there measured and

sealed, by Men set opart for that Purpose, and not the Aulnagers as is appointed in the Statute in 12° Car. IIdl.

Simon Messey: Who said, That there are Three or Four hundred Bays made by the Week, in Places round about, for which Seals are sold by the Aulnager, w ho, sometimes being unfurnished clear of the Bays must wait, let the Markets or Merchant want them never so much, till they have some, which is a very great Ilinderance and Discouragement to their Trade. He says further, That the Duty formerly paid for a Short Bays was Three-pence, and for a long Bays Five-pence Halfpeny; which Duty, within this Eight or Nine Years, the Aulnagers have Arbitrary-ships to Three-pence Halfpeny.

John Rugells: Who said the same with the former; and that this Duty has been risen accordingly, since he was a Tradesman.

Richard Waite: Who said, That, whereas there was an Intermission of paying this Duty for several Years: When it began to be paid again, for some Years there was no more than One Peny paid for One Says, or One Perpetuana; for which now the Officers enact a Duty for One Peny Halfpeny, though these are really lighter irt Weight than the former; and is a Third Part less than the Sixty-four Pounds ordinary in other Cases.

IJe further says, with the other Witnesses, That the Aulnagers very often want Seals, till which are had, all their Trade must be stopped, under paying or forfeiting their Commodities.

Edmund Coe: Who said, That, upon the Third of September last past, packingup his Good s at LongMellfard, he went for Seals to the Aulnagers: Who told him, He had none; but that he had 6ent his Son to another Aulnager for some, who returned not till the next Morning; However, he continues to pack his Goods, the Merchant waiting them, a Ship going off in Four Days time; the Aulnager having got Seals, he buys Eighteen, according to the Number of his Cloths for This; binds them up, and rides away with them to Colchester with all Haste, after his Cloths; where he goes to deliver them to the Aulnager there; but finds all his Cloths seized: Upon which, he gives an Account how he came to want them; but the Aulnager of Colchester pretending not to believe it, he rides back to Mcllford, and brings him a Note of it, under the MelfordAulnager’s Hand, of the Trdth of

it, and that he had bought of him the Seals required for those Bays.: Nevertheless, the Colchester Aulnager tells him, He would not excuse him under Ten Pounds; and, accordingly, forces him to pay the said Sum: Which done, he also receives from him the said Eighteen Seals bought at Melford, and puts them up in his Pocket, without sealing the Bays: This Aulnager’s Name was Holyday. He further addeth, That the Aulnagers oblige the Workmen to take a Stamp from them, and pay Three-pence for it.

That, thereupon the Committee came to these Resolutions, upon the Matter of Fact:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if any Aulnage, or Subsidy of Aulnage, be due fof Bays, Says, Perpetuana’s, there is no more than Five-pence Halfpeny due for a long Bays, Three-pence for a Short Bays, and One Peny for Says and Perpetuana’s.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Collecting more Aulnage, or Subsidy of Aulnage, than the Sum abovesaid, for Bays, Says, or Perpetuana’s, is illegal, and an Abuse to the Subject.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That this Duty, and the Manner of Collecting it, is a great Grievance and Hinderance to Trade.

Upon the Petition of the Drapers of;

It appeared to the Committee, That the Counsel for the Petitioners insisted, That this is a quite different Case from the rest; and that, though there Should be a Duty due of Aulnage, yet they ought not to be troubled with it; and that this Duty, by the express Words of the Statute, is to be levied before the Cloths are put to Sale: That they passthrough so many Hands, before they come to them, that sometimes they are the Fifth Buyers, besides all other Artificers that have to do with it in the Tumbling

15 and

I W. M. i i° Junii. i75

and Tossing up and down; among all whom it is impos- to a Composition of Fifteen Shillings yearly Relit, to be Aulnage sible that a Thing, so slightly put on as a Seal, Should not quit of this Trouble of searching, which they give them Duty." sometimes drop oft’; besides, if it does not, a Customer this Vexation to bring them to lie says further, That will sometimes have the End with the Seal to k, and then the Goods pass through so many Hands, that it is iin-the Aulnager pretends to the Remnant for Want of the possible but that some of the Seals must fall off.

Seal, which must hinder all their 't rade: That the Aul- , Thomas Smith said, That one Carter sends to him a nagers may as well follow a Remnant into a Gentleman’s Proposition, to pay a yearly Relit of One or Two Shil-House, and seize there: Then, when the Aulnager has lings to have his Shop exempt from being searched: got such a Prize, the Draper must compound for Five or Which he refusing, about Three Years since, Officers Ten Pounds, or stand a Suit in law, which will cost him came to his Shop, with a Constable, and seized Two Thirty Pounds, and after all recover no Damage; and Pieces of his Stuff, one large, the other Hair-shag, scar-all this is unwarrantable, and must, in the End, ruin them let, upon Demand of the double Seal: But that upon and their Trade. Submission, and taking the Seals, as was desired, they

That the Counsel for the Aulnagers said, That, if return the Goods, they may not every where search, the Clothiers will said, That the Aulnagers constantly search

play many Tricks to avoid Payment; and that Cloth, in Hall; and that all Cloths come up sealed

once forfeited, shall be so, where-ever it is carried; and thither: That he is so very exact in the Matter of Seals, that the Law gives a Liberty to search, and take it where- that he makes his Men enter all the Cloths he buys sealed, ever it is. Fie further says in 1687, the Aulnagers came to his Shop

That then they called their Witnesses to Matter of the Eighteenth of April, and produced a Parchment,

Fact. which be never saw what was in the Inside of it; and,

William Shephard Salesman, said, He buys sometimes with that Pretence, took down all his Cloths, and made at Second or Third Hand; and said, That the Aulnager all his Shop wait upon them: However, for all his Dili-attempted to bring his Neighbours to a Composition of gence of Entry, some Seals will fall oft’; which are the so much in the Year, to be excused searching their Shops, Aulnagers Prey, and seized; upon One Cloth, which they and tamper with him, and offer him Money to desert seized; he proposed Oaths, that the Seal was on, but was them; which he refused: That, thereupon, Alridge, not so far #, but that he was obliged to buy a new Seal.

Pairidge, and Webb, Aulnagers, threatened to make him He says further, That upon spun Cloth there is but One an Example, and accordingly, immediately search his Seal; if which be cut off, as Chapmen desire k, some Shop, and seize some Norwich Stull’s: Whereupon, he times, it is presently carried to the Office: And that, for had an Hearing in the Exchequer, and there proved the such Seizures, he has paid Seventeen Shillings and Eight-Duty for these Stull's to have been paid: Whereupon, he pence: That he never heard of Drapers Shops searched, had a Decree, and his Stull’s again, without a Farthing till Sir Isles's Time.

Costs. Sir Thomas Lane said, That, after Sir John Isles came

Thomas Powell, said, He was an Apprentice to one into the Office, he had Two Pieces of Stull’ seized by the Hall in Basing-lane, of whose Goods (which he had Aulnagers in the Calender’s Hands; that they were re-

bought in Blackwell Halt) the Aulnager seized to about tained a Week, and not delivered upon the First De-the Yralue of Thirty Pounds; and, when they had done, mand; but that, upon his Demanding them himself, upon took Hall along with them to.an Ale-house, and com- some small Matter of Money, they were delivered, pounded with him for Eleven Pounds; which they were Samuel said, That the Aulnagers came into

themselves so satisfied of the Foulness, that, since the his Shop, and found some few Goods unsealed; which I’ire, they obliged Hall to give them a Release. He they made him take Seals for to 7-J: Further said, That further said, That about Fourteen Years since, they of- he had been a Draper this Forty Years, and never had fered to tumble his Shop, but he refused them, thinking his Shop search'd before Sir John Isles's Time, nor heard it sufficient, that he had bought his Cloths in BlackiceU of searching in Drapers Shops.

Hall, where are always Aulnagers enough attending; and Anthony Darban said, That he had been a Draper these making an Interest at Court, for a Matter of Fourteen Forty odd Years, yet never knew a Draper’s Shop Pounds, gets free of them: About Seven Years since, searched till Sir Isles' Time: Said, That he often, one Somes demanded Nine Shillings per Annum of him, sells half Cloths to Country Chapmen; who complain,

upon which Terms he Should have his Shop exempt for that the Aulnagers seize these Remnants, which it is itn-searching; which many taking notice of will raise to a possible to have a Seal upon; and, by this Means, force vast Revenue; all Shops in England being taxed so: these poor Men to give them a yearly Relit, as a Com-

But he refusing, they immediately fell to force, and seize position to avoid that Trouble.

a Cloth of his, which had no Seal: He claims, and car- John Barker, to these the Vexations of those Men, ries them before Sir Wm. Turner: Who calls the Aulna- said, That in the Height of Slur bridge Fair, they pro-gers; and, in truth, they proposed to him to have his ferred to search his Shop, unless he would give them Cloth again, if he would hold his Tongue, and not hinder Money.

them making their Advantage of his Neighbours: and, Benjamin Brckedttn, lives in the County of accordingly, he, desirous of his own Goods, sits still, and said, That, by the Vexations of these Aulnagers he was his Neighbours compound: But this did not last him brought to compound with them for Ten Shillings per long: For in comes another Aulnager, and will bring him Annum; whereupon, he received a Note from them, to in again; to whom he offers to try the Title fairly, and exempt him from Disturbance of Searchers. He verily throws him out a Cloth to try upon, which he bought in believes, the Aulnagers make Two hundred Pounds pc' Blackwell Hall with # and; and enters a Claim at the Annum of this Composition in

Exchequer; which is brought to a Tryal, and the Peti- Daniel Gztyn of Falmouth, is forced to such a Com tioner had a Verdict: And says further, That it is im- position of Two Shillings as well as several 01

possible to keep the Seals on, they being so slightly put his Neighbours.

on, and tumbled so much in the Dyers, Sellers, Cullen- Wm. Clarke said, That, in Sir John Isles' Time, the dars, Pressers Hands: But the Verdict going for the Aulnagers came to search his Shop; and, finding some Petitioner, the Chief Baron proffers him his Goods; Things unsealed (Note, this is a Countryman), made him which he was willing to receive, if he may no more be pay for Seals to the Value of Five or Six Shillings: That troubled so again: Which not being agreed to, he brings they seized Cloth of his at the Clothworkers, which had an Action of Trespass: The Aulnager urged, his Jury a Seal at the other End, and made him pay about Five was packt; he moves to #, but was never suffered by Shillings for it, before it was returned, the Court. Mr. said, That, about Six Years ago, the

Jeremiah Broad gate said:, That, about Nine Years since, Aulnagers searched his Flouse, and took their Time just John Baker came into his Shop, with several others; and, as he was going out of Town: But, because they would finding his Shalloons all sealed, endeavours to bring him hot defer it, he stopt his Journey; and finding a great Vo tnX. many

ii° Junii. 1689.

hiany sealed, they were resolved not to give it off without doing something; so they cunningly picked a Seal off from one Piece: But he charging them with it, and preferring to make Oath that the Seal was on, they slunk out of the Shop.

That these were the Witnesses who were produced by the Drapers: And the Committee thinking this Claim of a yearly Relit to the Aulnage, and so obvious that it could not but be taken notice of, came to these Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Searching and Seizing of Cloths, or Pieces of Cloths, in the Shopkeepers Hands, is not warrantable by any Law of this Land.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the having searched or seized Cloths, or Pieces of Cloths in the Shopkeepers Hands, by the Aulnagers, is unlawful, and an Abuse to the Subject.

Resolved, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the Abuses in the Collection of the Aulnage: And it is recommended to Sir John Guise to take care of it.

Supply Bill. Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee, to whom the Proviso to be added to the Bill for granting a Subsidy to their Majesties was referred, That they had agreed upon a Clause: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

> Where the same was Twice read; and was for reducing the Fees from Three Halfpence to Three Farthings in the Founds, for all Monies given, or to be given this Session: And, after some Amendment made at the Table, the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was offered to be made Part of the Bill, and was Twice read; for an Account to be given to the Parliament of all Monies given, or to be given, this Session of Parliament: And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was offered, to be made Part of the Bill: Which was Twice read; and is as followeth:

" Provided always, and be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, in case any Person or Persons shall obstinately refuse to pay the Rates assessed upon him, by the Commissioners appointed to rate or assess them, by this Act, by reason of not owning the Authority of the said Commissioners of the present Parliament, the same being proved by Two Witnesses upon Oath; That then every such Person and Persons shall incur the Danger and Penalty of a Premunire, mentioned in a Statute made in the Sixteenth Year of Xing Rich. II4."

Resolved, That the Proviso be committed:

And it is referred to Sir Christopher Mr.

Montague, Mr. Coningsby, Mr. Sir Robert How-

ard, Major Wildman, Sir Temple, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Colonel Birch, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hau'les, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Guise, Mr. Foley, Mr. Darcye, Mr. Hamden, Sir Henry Capell, Mr. Garicay: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Another Proviso was offered, to be made Part of the Bill; and wTas read the First time; and was for lessening the Fees of the Treasurer and Vice Treasurer of Ireland.

And the Question being put, That it be reatLa Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Leave for Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General and Mr. Hawles Members to have‘Leave to attend the Lords, in a Cause of the Lord attend Lords. Chief Justice Pollexfen's.

Bill of Then the Order of Saturday last, for proceeding in

Indemnity, the further Consideration of the Heads of the Bill of Indemnity was read.

Titus Oates. Sir Robert Howard reports, That he, with other Members, had according to the Order of the House, inspected

the Journals of the House of Lords, relating to the Judgments against Mr. Otes: And that the Entry therein is as followeth:

" Die Veneris, 31° Die 1689.

WHEREAS, by Virtue of their Majesties Writ of Error, returnable into the House of Peers in Parliament assembled, a Record of the Court of King's Bench was brought into this C.ourt on the Fourth Day of April, 1689, with the Transcript thereof, wherein Judgment is entered for and on the behalf of the late King James the Second, against Titus Oates, Clerk, upon a Judgment for Perjury: Upon which Writ, Errors being assigned by the said Titus Oates, and issue joined by Sir Hairy lexfen, their Majesties Attorney General; and, after hearing Counsel for the said Titus Otes, no Counsel appearing for their Majesties, on the Twenty-sixth of last past, after due Consideration of what w-as offered by Counsel thereupon; It is this Day ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament, assembled, That the said Judgment given, on his late Majesty’s Behalf, against the said Titus 'Oates, be and is hereby affirmed; and that the Transcript of the said Record, wherein Judgment is entered as aforesaid, be remitted."

" The Tenor of which Judgment to be affixed to the Record to be sent back, followeth,"

" Postea, scilicet 4* Die A Anno Regni Domini Gulielmi 8$ Domince Alaria, nunc Regis 8; Regina Anglia, 8cc.Primo Transcript' Record' 8; Process' predict

cum omnibus ea tangen, pratextu bi'cvis de Error corrigend' pro prajat' TiOates in premiss' prose-

cut' predicti Domini Regis 8,' Regina in prasen Parliament' a predicta Curia dicti Domini Regis <§ Regina hie tranSmiss' suit, pradief Titus in eadem Curia Parliament

comparens diversas Causas 8fMalcrias pro Erroribus in

Record' 8$ Process' predict' 8; Revocatione 8; Adnullatione Judicii pradict' assignavit; 8; postea, scilicet 31°

Maii, Anno dicti Domini Regis 8,' Regina supradict. in present' Curia Parliament' predict', Visis <§ per Curiam ibidem diligent', examinaf 8f plenius intellect' tarn Record.' 8$ Process' pradief ad Judicio super eisdem reddif qua predict' Error superius assignat, pro eo quod vidclur Cur'

Parliament' predict', quod Record' ill' in nullo vitiosum aut defectivum e.ristit, 8>quod in Record' illo in nullofuit eraat, ideo ad tunc 8;ibidem Cons' est per eandem Curiam

Parliament' pradict', quod Judic' jyredief in omnibus aj-frmetur, 8; in omni suo robore stet 8$ cjfectu,"

And the said Sir Robert Howard also reported, That the Affirmations of Judgments, are entered upon the respective Rolls, upon the Writs of Error returned before the Lords in Parliament.

And that there is entered, in the Journal of the Lords, the Protestation following:

" The Lords having heard the Opinion of all the Judges, concerning the Illegality of the Two Judgments against Titus Oates, upon the Point of Perjury, for

which he hath his Writs of Error into this House, to have them reversed."

" The House upon Consideration, and after long Debate, had this main Question proposed, whether to reverse the Two Judgments given below against Titus Oates, in relation to the Two Perjuries."

" The previous Question was put, Whether this Question shall be now put;"

" It was resolved in the Affirmative."

" Then the main Question was put, Whether to reverse the Two Judgments given below against Titus Oates, in relation to the Two Perjuries;"

" It was resolved in the Negative."

" Leave is given to such Lords as will, to enter their Dissents: And, accordingly, these Lords following do enter their Dissents in these Reasons ensuing."

" 1st, For that the King’s Bench, being a Temporal Court, made it Part of the Judgment, That Titus Oates, being a Clerk, Should for his said Perjuries, be divested of his Canonical and Priestly Habit, and to continue divested all his Life: Which is a Matter wholly out of their Power, belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts only."

n 3d. For

IW. &M.

*77

Titus Oates. 2d. For that the said Judgments are barbarous, inhumane, and unchristian. And there is no Precedents to warrant the Punishments of Whipping, and committing to Prison for Life, for the Crime of Perjury; which yet were but Part of the Punishments inflicted upon him.

3. For that the particular Matters, upon which the Indictments were found, were the Points objected against Mr. Tilus Oates his Testimony of several of the Tryals; which he was allowed to be good and credible Witness, though testified against him by. most of the same Persons, who witnessed against him upon those Indictments.

4. For that this will be an Encouragement, and an Allowance, for giving the like cruel, barbarous, and illegal Judgments hereafter, unless this Judgment be reversed.

5. Because Sir John Holt, Sir

Chief Justices, and Sir Robert Atkins Chief Baron, with Six Judges more (being all that were then present), for these and many other Reasons, did, before us, solemnly deliver their Opinions; and unanimously declare, That the said Judgments were contrary to Law, and ancient Practice; and therefore erroneous, and ought to be reversed.

6. Because it was contrary to the Declaration on the Twelfth of February last, which was ordered by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, then assembled, and by their Declaration, ingrossed in Parchment, and inrolled among the Records of Parliament, and recorded . in Chancery; whereby it doth appear, that excessive Bail ought not to be required, nor excessive Fines imposed, nor cruel nor unusual Punishments inflicted.

Bolton, Bridgwater, Stamford, Bo/ing/rrook, Herbert,

Vaughan, Macklesfeild, Oxford, Bath, Grey, Cornwallis, R. Eure,

The Two Judgments in Term, 3 370

Caroli IP1, against Mr. Oates, for Perjury, were read.

Resolved, That the Prosecution of Titus Oates, upon Two Indictments for Perjury in the Court of King's Bench, was a Design to stifle the Popish Plot: And that the Verdicts given thereupon were corrupt: And that the Judgments given thereupon were cruel and illegal.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in, to declare the said Judgments illegal, and to reverse the same.

And it is referred to Sir Win. Williams, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Sacheverell, Major W'ddman, Mr. Harries, Mr. Attorney General, Sir llob.Howard, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Mr. Foley, to prepare

and bring in the Bill.

Judgment Resolved, That the Judgment against Sam. Johnson in

against the'Kind’s Bench, upon an Information for a Misde- Mr. Johnson. 0 , .

meanor, was cruel and illegal.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in, to reverse that Judgment.

Resolved, That the same Committee do prepare and bring in the Bill.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, to inquire how Mr. Johnson came to be degraded, and by what Authority it was done. And it is referred to the same Committee; who are to examine and report the Matter to the House, with all convenient Speed.

Journals re- Resolved, That the Journals of the House, relating to Polish °Flot ^*e P°P'sh Ph>t, be brought into the House, and read p Tomorrow Morning the first Business.

Pill of Resolved, That the House do Tomorrow Morning,

indemnity, the next Business, proceed in the further Consideration of the Heads for the Bill of Indemnity.

Proceeding* Ordered, That the Records of the Court of King's against Sir Bench, relating to the Proceedings against Williams, Williams. ESqUjre> now Sir Wm. Williams, Knight and Baronet, late Speaker of this House, be brought into this House, by the Custos Breviumof the said Court, on Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

‘ Vol. X.

2° Junii.

Mercurii, 12* die Junii; i* Willielmi et Marios.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Committee, to whom the Pe- Speake’s tition of Mr. Speakre, was referred, be revived; so as to *>rosecutioa.

proceed upon the several Petitions referred thereto: Argl that Mr. Laughton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Ell-rvell, Mr. Bracer, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend the Leave for

House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between . Member to

attend Lords.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, inti- EarlofPeter-tuled, An Act to make good a Recovery suffered by the borow’s Earl of Peterbororo and Lord Mordant, was read the First Estate* time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Wm.Langham have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

Sir Wm. Poultncy reports from the Committee to w hom Lords it was referred, to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Amendments Conference with the Lords, why this House doth not ^j^hihan* agree with the Lords touching the Amendments to the p

Bill for enabling Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal to execute the Office of Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper,

That they had prepared and agreed upon Reasons accordingly: Which he read in his Place; and aftenvards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read Once throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; vis.

L. 70, The Commons insist upon their Amendment;

Because, as they conceive, it will be no Precedent (as is supposed by their Lordships) to give Place to all other Persons, who are or shall be Commissioners for executing all other great Offices, as the Treasurer, Admiralty, 8$C. who have no Badges of State borne by or before them, and consequently not within the Reason of the Commons Amendments.

Secondly, The Great Seal always hath been, and ought to be, near the Person of the King.

L. 71, The Commons insist upon this Amendment;

Because this Proviso restrains his Majesty’s undoubted Prerogative in ordering and disposing the Great Seal according to such Methods as to his Majesty shall seem meet; and not to be obliged, that One Commissioner, in the Absence of the others, may have Motions, and give Orders, touching interlocutory Proceedings in any Case; or, that one Commissioner shall not put the Great Seal to any thing whatsoever, but that there must be Two Commissioners present: Both which Restrictions may be very inconvenient to the Subject, and derogatory to the Prerogative.

Clause A, L. 2, The Commons cannot agree to your Lordships Amendment in the Clause A, which is, after " RotuloT'unT in the Second Line, to leave out " shall," in the Fifth Line;

Because the Bill will then take away the Right of several Persons who have, or may have, several Grants in the said Offices of Custos Rolulorum, or Clerkship of the Peace, by

Letters Patents. And it has always been the Care of all Acts of Parliament, which concern the CustosRotulorum, or Clerkship of the Peace by ..., especially the Act of 31"

H. VIII°. Cap. 1, which this Bill revives, to preserve the Rights of the Subjects, if they have any; and, in Effect, it is but a Salvo Jure to him who hath a just Right.

L. 20, The Commons cannot agree to your Lordships other Amendment in the Clause A, L. 20;

Because there are many Things in the Clause left out fit to be retained; as " That the Clerk of the Peace Should be residing in the County, Place, or Division, where he is Clerk of the Peace;" which will be very necessary.

Y y Secondly,

Penwarnts

EstaU.

178 120 Junit. 1689.

Secondly, The Justices of the Peace, in Case of Removal of a Clerk of the Peace for Misdemeanor; and in case the Custos Rotulorum, or to whom of Right it doth

belong to nominate the Clerk of the Peace, shall make Default in not putting in another sufficient Clerk of the Peace, before the next Quarter Sessions after such Removal; then, in such Cases, the Justices of the Peace may nominate another sufficient Clerk of the Peace, residing as aforesaid, and to be liable to the Penalties therein mentioned; to the Intent, there may be no Failure of Justice: And the Commons conceive there needs no Notice to be given to the Custos because he is

supposed to be always present at the Sessions.

Thirdly, The Commons cannot agree, to insert the Clause offered by your Lordships to the Clause A;

Because it doth not make the Misdemeanor of the Clerk of the Peace to relate to his Office.

Secondly, The Conviction mentioned in your Lordships Amendment is, by Two or more credible Witness upon Oath; whereas the only particular Misdemeanor specified in the said Amendment is, by oppressing the People by exacting undue Fees; so that* in such Case, One Witness upon Oath ought to be sufficient; for in Possibility there cannot be more.

The Commons cannot agree to leave out the Clause C; Because the Clerk of the Peace, for the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, holds the said Office for Lives, by Patent granted by King Charles the Second, under the Seal of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster: And in all Acts, concerning the Custos Rotulorum, or Clerk of the Peace, there hath been a particular saving of his Right.

Secondly, The Possessions of the said Duchy are severed from the Crown; and it may be very prejudicial to the Crown, if they Should be united in this Case.

The Commons consider also, That your Lordships Reason makes for them; for, if the Grant be good, this Act destroys it; and, if it is not good, this Clause doth not make it better.

The Commons cannot agree to the last Amendment, to leave out the Words " This Act to commence from the First Day of May 1689

Because the Bill will then relate to the First Day the Sessions of Parliament; so that if any Clerk of the Peace have taken upon him the Execution of the said Office, without taking the Oath directed in this Bill, he would break the Law, before he could possibly know it: And if he hath given any Sum of Money, or other Reward, for the said Office, he will thereby incur the new Forfeitures appointed by this retrospecting Act.

And though your Lordships, in your Reason, ... That the Commons Amendments will destroy some Parts of the Body of the Bill; but wherein, your Lordships have not given any particular Instance.'

Sir JValter Moyle reports from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Pemcarne to sell Lands, to pay his Brothers and Sisters Portions, and also to pay Debts, wTas referred; That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And are as followeth:

Press 1, L. 40, after the Word " of," and before the Word " the," leave out the Words " a Fourth Part of," and, instead thereof, insert the W ords " Four Parts."

P. 3, L. 36, after the Word " of," and before the Word " the," in the 37th Line, leave out the Words, " a Fourth Part;" and, instead thereof, insert the Words, "Four Parts." P. 4, L. 17, after the Word " said," and before the Word " and, " leave out the Word " Brothers;" and, instead thereof, insert the Word " Brother."

P. 5, L. 3, after the Word " his," and before the Word " Parts," leave out the Word " Fourth;" and, instead thereof, insert the Word " Four,"

Resolved, That the Bill be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, so amended, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Moyle do carry up the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence to the said Amendments.

A Bill for Regulation of Elections, was read the First Regulating time. Elections.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on , Friday Morning next

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Westminster, whom the Bill for establishing Courts of Conscience for &c. Courts of the Borough of Southwarke, City of Westminster, Conscience.

Hamlets, and other Out Parishes, be made This-day-sevennight.

The Order of Yesterday, for reading the Journals re- journals lating to the Popish Plot, was read. relating to

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go into West- Popish Plot minster Hall; and require all the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journals of the House, in and since October 1678, relating to the Popish Plot; and to report an Abstract of the Proceedings thereupon; and also to examine what Alterations have been made in the Journals; and report the same.

And it is referred unto Lord Falkland, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Williams, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Christy, Sir Mompesson,

Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Papillion, Sir Rich. Middleton, Mr.

Hamdenjun. Mr. Burrard, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Pierpoint, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Buscowen,

Lord Digby, Sir John Wyn, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Ellwell,

Sir Robert Clayton, Marquis Winchester, Mr. Dolben, Mr.

P. Foley, Mr. Hamden, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. How,

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Colt, Major Wildman, Sir Thomas Lee,

Mr. Smith, Sir ScroopeHow, AIr.Gwyn, Sir m.Strickland, Colohel Birch, Sir Matth. Andrerves, Mr. White, Sir Cotton, Mr. Anth. Grey, Sir Ralph Dutton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That some Persons be appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords relating to the Popish Plot; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Hozcard, Mr. Hawks, Colonel Mildmay,

Mr. Hamden jun. Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Blake, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Arnold, Major Manley.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Droitwick Mr. Kecke sdt Work#*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled,

An Act for the better regulating the Salt Works in Droitwich; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House then proceeded upon the Consideration of Bill of the Heads for the Bill of Indemnity. Indemnity.

The Letter from his Majesty, when Prince of Orange, was read; dated the 22* January 1688.

His Majesty’s Message of 25 "March 1689, was read.

The Prince of Orange's Declaration was read.

Then the First Head of the Exceptions in the Bill of Indemnity was read.

The Record of Pasch. 2 Jac. II. between Godwyn and Hales, was read.

And a Debate arising thereupon, Whether a Committee shall be appointed to examine who were concerned in the several Heads of Exceptions;

The Question was put, That a Committee be appointed to examine who are concerned in the several Heads of Exceptions in the Bill of Indemnity.

The.

Bathurst'*

Estate.

Jrisli

Protestants.

Recovery of Tythca.

iW.^M. 12 — 130 Junii. vjp

The previous Question Was put, That that Question be now put;

And it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the main Question being put;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Debate, upon the said First Head of Exception, be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Reverciag Mr. Meredith; . Cornish'*

Air. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Attainder* An Act for the reversing the Attainder of Henry Esquire, late Alderman of the City of London: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Kingston have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for a Month. Absence.

Ordered, That Air. Wildman have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Jovis, 13* die Junii; l* Willielmi et Alariae.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent dowh from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Theodore Bathurst to make a Jointure for his Wife, and to charge Monies on Part of his Estate in Yorkshire, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jonathan Jennings, Mr. Palmes, Sir Walter Moyle, Mr. Staines, Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fawkes, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Hen. Goodrich,

Air. Papillion, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Lee, Mr. Parker,

Lord Falkland, Sir Philip Skippon, Mr. Blake, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Gilb. Clerke, and all the Alembers that serve for the County of Yorke: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Joseph Tredenham reports from the Committee, to

whom the Address relating to the Irish Protestants, was re-committed, That the Committee had agreed upon several Amendments to be made in the Address: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read Once throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

P. 2, L. 2, after the Word "that," leave out these Words, "such Part of the Stock which the late King hath in the East India, Hudson's Bay, and Guinea Companies, as yet undisposed of, may be sold; andand, instead thereof, insert these Words, " the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds be forthwith."

P. 2, L. 5, after the Word " Distribution," leave out the Words " already settled and."

P. 2, L. 18, after the Word "there," leave out all, till you come to the Word " and, " in the' 24th Line.

P. 3, L. 4, after the Word, " for," add these Words, "and that Your' Majesties Favour and Bounty to the said Nobility and Gentry may be distributed, with the greater Ease and Advantage, we do humbly recommend to Your Majesties, that what You shall be graciously pleased to advance for their present Supply and Relief You would be pleased to order the same to be paid into the Chamber of London, or such other Place as Your Majesty shall judge convenient, with as much Expedition as the present Urgency of Your Affairs will admit; to be thence paid out to them respectively, with as little Charge and Trouble of Attendance as may be."

Afterwards a Question being put. That the List of the Irish, to which the Address refers, be printed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Debate arising in the House, touching the said List, and that Part of the Address as related to it;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, was referred, be made on Tuesday Morning next, the first Business.

Vo L. X,

The House being informed, that Sir Adam Blaire, Blaire'*, &c. Captain Vaughan, Captain Mole, Doctor Elliot, Doctor Impeach-Grey, and several other Persons, have dispersed a sedi- ment* tious and treasonable Paper, printed, and intituled, A Declaration of King James II.;

And the said printed Paper being read at the Table;

Resolved, That the said Sir Adam Blaire, Captain Vaughan, Captain Mole, Doctor Elliot, and Doctor Grey, be impeached of High Treason, for dispersing the said Paper.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare the said Impeachment.

And it is referred to Sir JVUliailh Williams, Mr. Attorney

General, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr*

Smith, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Hawles, Mr. Dolben, Sir Tho. Littleton,

Colonel Birch, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Patience Ward,

Mr. Hamden, Sir Edw. Harlow, Mr. Colt: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That a printed Paper, this Day read in this Declaration House, intituled, A Declaration of his most Sacred to be burnt.

King James II. to all his loving Subjects in the Kingdom of England, be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman.

Then the Order, for proceeding further in the Con- Exception sideration of the Heads. of Exceptions in the Bill of in Bill of Indemnity, was read. Indemnity.

Ordered, That Sir Samuell Astrty and Sir Robert Henly do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to certify the House, what Judges gave Judgment in the Court of King’s Bench in the Case of Godwyn and Hales, in Trinity Term, 2 Jac. II.; and also, to certify the Names of those Judges who sat upon the Tryal of the Seven Bishops.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Williams and Mr. Windham,

Members of this House, do acquaint the Lord Chief Baron Atkins, Mr. Justice Dolben, Mr. Justice Mr. Justice Powefl, Mr. Baron Neville, that the House doth desire to speak with them Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Pemberton, Mr. Serjeant Montague, Sir Thomas Jones, Sir Creswell Levins, Sir Fra. Withens, Sir Richard Holloway, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Air. Bridgman, and Mr. Blaithwaite do attend this House Tomorrow Aloming.

Resolved, That the further Debate, touching the Heads of Exceptions in the Bill of Indemnity, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Exporting Air. Methwyn; Leathw,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill for reviving Two former Acts for Exporting of Leathery with an Amendment, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

The Amendment was read; and is as followeth;

L. 4, after " tanned," instead of " and, " read " or."

The said Amendment was thrice read; and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Air. Christy do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Agreement of this House to the said Amendment.

Ordered,

t&6 13° — 145 — ~ ^.1689.

Supply- Bill.- Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Proviso to be added to the Bill for granting a Subsidy to their Majesties, be revived: And that Mr. , Sir Rob.

Nappier, Mi*. Cooke, Sir Williams, be added to the Committee.

Proceedings The House being informed, that the

against Sir attended with the Records relating to Sir Williams;

W. Wiliams. He was called in; and left the Record.

Ordered, That the same be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 14° Junii;

1° Willielmi Mafia;.

Prayers.

Proceedings A RD E RED, That Mr. Christy, Sir Walter Moyle,

relating to C/ §jr rfjl0 Mompesson, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

r. o nsoa. Vincent, and all the Members that serve for the Universities, and City of London, be added to the Committee appointed to inquire how Mr. Johnson came to be degraded; and by what Authority the same was done.

A Witness Mr. Tipping acquaints the House, from the Committee sent for m appointed to inquire what Children are sent abroad to

cus y' be educated in the Popish Religion; and who have been

the Occasion of sending them abroad; That one Mis. Katherine Overburye, Widow, hail been summoned to attend the Committee; but that she had not attended at the Time appointed, to answer such Things as Should be charged against her.

Ordered, That the said Katherine Widow,

be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for her Contempt aforesaid.

An ingrossed Bill to supply a defective Conveyance, made by Roger Price, of the Manor of Westbury in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Ana the Counsel and Parties on both Sides, both for and against the Bill, were called in; and were fully heard:' And several Conveyances were read, and Witnesses examined, relating to the Matter in Question. '

And then the Counsel and Parties withdrew.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act to impower Roger Price, Esquire, to make a Jointure to his Wife, of the Manor of Westbury, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Wogan do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir TVm. have Leave to go into

the Country, for a Month.

Supply Bill. Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Proviso to be added to the Bill for granting a Subsidy to their Majesties, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon: And that Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Arnold, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. St. John, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Harley, Sir Sir

Tho. Darcyc, Mr. Machc Lord Falkland, be added to the said Committee: And they are to make their Report to the House Tomorrow Morning.

Judges exa- ' Then the House was acquainted, That, according to mined why the Order Yesterday, the Lord Chief Baron Atkins, Air. displaced* Just*ce Dalben, Mr. Baron Mr. Justice Forced,

’ and Mr. Justice Gregory, attended at the Door.

Resolved, That they be called in; and asked, For what Reasons they were formerly displaced from being Judges?

There was a Chair ordered to be set for them within the Bar.

And they were severally called in, and stood behind the same, the Serjeant with his Mace standing by ou the 21

Pnee’i

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Right-hand; and, being severally asked, Why they were formerly displaced from being Judges; they severally* gave an Account thereof to the House.

Then the House was acquainted, That, according to their Order Yesterday, Sir Thomas Jones, Sir Pemberton, Mr. Serjeant Montague, Sir Creswell Levins, Sir Fran. Withers, Sir Rich. Holloway, attended at the Door.

Resolved, That they be severally called in to the Bar; and asked, For what Reasons they were displaced from being Judges.

And they being accordingly severally called in; and asked, Why they were d isplaced from being Judges; they gave the House an Account thereof.

Then the House was acquainted, That Mr. Bridgman and Mr. Blathwaite, according to their Order, attended at the Door.

Resolved, That they be asked, Who w ere of the Privy Council, at or about Lady Day 1681; and who were then of the Cabinet Council; and whether any Note or Roll were kept of their Names; and also, w*hat Books or Papers they have of Returns of Persons Names, who would take off the Penal Laws and Tests; and where the same are, or what are become of them; and also, what Letters were sent to the Lords Lieutenants, and what Returns they made

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the Heads Exception* of Exceptions in the Bill of Indemnity be adjourned till in Bill of Tomorrow Morning. Indemnity.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 15° die Junii; i° Willielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

SIR Robert Nappier reports from the Committee, pitzharm' who were appointed to examine the Case of Airs.-Case. Fitzharris, and report the same to the House, That, they having examined the same accordingly, They find, that Captain Wm. Finch, late Commander of the Yorke Frigate, who was the Father of Airs. Fitzharris, was killed in his Majesty’s Service; and that, in Consideration of his -Service, the late King Charles was pleased to order a Pension of Two hundred Pounds/>er Annum to be paid to the said Airs. Fitzharris; to be continued to her for.

Years: And this Pension was paid to her both before and after her Marriage, until the Year 1681, as appears by a Certificate under the Earl of Arran's Hand: But then it was stopt, as the said Airs. Fitzharris affirmeth, because she would not persuade her Husband to lay a Popish Plot on the Protestants: And moreover, she was threatened to be imprisoned by Sir Lyonell Jenkins, if she did not persuade him so to do. Besides, one of Tver in

the County of Middlesex, affirmeth, That he’ was an Instrument to convey Mrs. Fitzharris, away, who lay under daily Apprehensions of being seized, and sent to Prison, The said John Lun did carry Airs. Fitzharris to his House, and concealed her for some time; and, in that time, was sent for to Windsor, and brought before the late Lord Comcay; who sometimes threatened him; and at last offered him, the said John Lun, Five thousand Pounds, to deliver up the said Airs. Fitzharris, to such Persons as Should be by him ordered to receive her; but he would not. It further appeared to the Committee, by the Testimony of one Air. Harrington, That the said Mrs. Fitzharris was instrumental to deliver the Earl of Shqftsbury from a Design, which was to be attempted upon him, by [jutting a treasonable Paper into his Pocket; as was also to have been . done to the Earl of Bedford, and some other Lords, and divers of the Alembers of the House of Commons: Some of which have acknowledged. That they believe Airs. Fitzharris was highly instrumental to prevent it; as also, that she did advertise several Persons of the villainous Project that was designed against them; and was the only Means

Papitts

Benefices.

Earl of Peterborough's Estate.

Reversing

Cornish's

Attainder.

Oaths taken by Officers in the Army.

Supply Bill.

Irish Clergy*

Irish

Protestants.

i W. & M.

that (under God) prevented the taking Effect of that cursed Design, by persuadingher Husband not to proceed in that villainous Attempt, although he had received 200 as an Eamest-peny from the late King: Which said 200l. she remembers her Husband brought home in a Hand-basket; and assured her, much greater Rewards she would receive, in case he went through with his Undertaking: But she deterred him from it, and was thereby instrumental to save the Lives of many good Protestants; although, by so doing, she lost the Pension which she now desires may be restored; and hopes, that this honourable House will commend her, and her Three Children, to the present King, as an Object of Charity.

Resolved, That the said Mrs. Fitzharriss Case be recommended to his Majesty by Colonel Birch, Sir Robert Nappier, Mr. Colt, and Sir Charles Members

of this House.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest in the Two Universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists, be read a Second time on Wednesday next

An ingrossed Bill sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to make good a Recovery suffered by the Earl of Peterborough, and Lord was read the Se-

cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hamden, junior, Mr. Herbert, Sir Wm.Poultney, Mr. Colt, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr. Arnold, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Walter Moyle, Mr. Pdmes, Mr. Papillion, Sir Charles Raleigh, Sir Edw.Harley, Capt. Howard, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Bos-

cccwen, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Robert Rich, Sir Trevor Williams, Major Wildman, Sir Robert Haicard, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Philip Gell, Mr. Blake, Mr. John Williams, Mr. Manley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Christy, Mr. Serjeant W'igan, Mr. Parkhurst: And they are to meet, on Monday next, at Four of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Duchy Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for reversing the Attainder of Henry Cornish, Esquire, late Alderman of the City of London, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to regulate the Administration of the Oaths required to be taken by Commission or Warrant Officers, employed in their Majesties Service by Land, by virtue of an Act made this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee, to whom the Proviso to be added to the Bill for granting a Subsidy to their Majesties, was referred, That the Committee had agreed upon a Proviso, with Blanks: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the 6ame was twice read: But afterwards, the same w'as laid aside.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting a Subsidy to their Majesties, with the Amendments and Clauses added thereunto, be ingrossed.

A Bill for Relief of the Irish Clergy, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Then the Debate, touching the Address relating to the Irish Protestants, was resumed.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made in the Address; viz.

L. 5. after " them," leave out to " and" in L. 9.

L. 31, 32, 33, & 34, to be omitted, to before " we " and " and;" and after " do," leave out " therefore." Vol, X.

L. *, after " the," leave out " said; after ‘‘.Duke,’* add " of Ormond.".

All which were, upon t)ie Question severally put ^hereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Address amended at the Table, accordingly.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Address, so amended; and is as followeth;

WE your Majesties most dutiful arid loyal Subjects, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our serious and tender Considerations, the many great Sufferings of the Protestant Nobility and Gentry of Ireland, which their Zeal for the Protestant Religion, Your Majesties Service, the Interest of England in that Kingdom, and Love to our Nation, have exposed them to; whereby great Numbers have been forced to fly hither, deprived of all their real Estates, as well as personal; so that they are thereby reduced to the most pressing Necessities, and are become great Objects of Compassion; being the only Body of Protestants that are ruined by the late happy Resolution, which hath wrought so great a Deliverance, not only for the rest of Your Majesties Subjects; but for all the Protestant Interest in Europe; most heartily crave Leave, on their Behalf, to offer their deplorable Condition to Your Majesties most Princely Consideration.

And whereas they are, by reason of their Numbers, very apprehensive of their being and continuing a Burden and Charge to this Kingdom, while they remain in such Condition unemployed; and that many of them are, for their Interest in, and Knowledge of, that Kingdom, as well as Experience in Military Affairs (having served there, and thereby inured to the Country), well qualified to serve under Your Majesty for the Reducing thereof; and all of them pressing and forward for that Service, as well as to redeem their Wives, Children, and Friends, or Relations, from the present Slavery, and miserable Oppression they groan under;

1. We humbly recommend such of the said Nobility and Gentry, as are fit for Military Employments, as very proper Persons for reducing of that Kingdom to its due Obedience to the Crown.

2. That such of them as are not fit for such Employments, as Your Majesty shall have Opportunity, be put into such Civil Employments as they are capable of, according to their several Abilities and Professions.

3. For the present Supply of the great Necessities of the said Nobility and Gentry of Ireland, we humbly pray, That the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds be forthwith distributed among them according to a List of Distribution: And that, for a further and standing Fund for their future Subsistence, until Ireland be reduced, Your Majesties will be graciously pleased to issue forth Your Royal Proclamation, requiring all Papists, beyond the Seas who have Estates in England, and all Protestants, that are in Arms, or otherwise engaged in Service against Your Majesties, if any such there be, to return within some convenient Time: And, that the Estates of all such as shall not give Obedience thereunto, shall be seized into Your Majesties Hands for the Relief of the Nobility and Gentry, w ho are, or shall be, deprived of their Estates there. And we are the rather induced to make this our humble Supplication to Your Majesties, on Behalf of the said Nobility and Gentry, because we esteem ourselves obliged to afford them present Relief and Support, to represent the speedy Recovery of the Kingdom of Ireland, of great Importance to this in all respects, as Your Majesties and the Nation’s true Interest: And we do humbly beseech your Majesty to take the Consideration of the Duke of Ormond, and his great Merits and Sufferings, into your particular and Royal Consideration: And that Your Majesty will be pleased also to consida’ of the test of the Nobility and Gentry already fled, and daily coming from Ireland, that remain unprovided for.

And that Your Majesties Favour and Bounty to the said Nobility and Gentry may be distributed with the greater Ease and Advantage, we do humbly recommend to Your Majesty, that what you shall be graciously pleased to advance for their present Supply and Relief, You would

Z z be

o

182

Junii.

A. 1689.

' be pleased to order the same to be paid into the Chamber of London, or such other Place, as Your Majesty shall judge convenient, with as much Expedition as the present Urgency of your Affairs will admit; to be thence paid out for them respectively, with as little Charge, and Trouble of Attendance as may be.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, and Sir

Tredenham.

Leave of - Ordered, That Mr. Brett have Leave to go to the Absence. Bath, for Six Weeks, for his Health.

Publick Bills Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, to consider

depending. what publick Bills are depending before the House; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Grey, Mr. Foley, Mr. Leveson Mr. Mon-

tague, Sir Christ. Musgra Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Fran. Russell, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir John JVyn, Mr. Blake, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Done, Major,

Mr. Cristy, Mr. Coningsby Mr. Fox, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Eldred, Sir Andrews: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

f 0

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Philip Skippon have Leave to go Absence. Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Mr. Thom Vincent have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Apprehen- Resolved, That an humble Addres be made to his sionofBlaire Majesty from this House, by such Members of this an rey. House, as are of his Majesty's] most honourable Privy Council, to desire his Majesty to issue a Proclamation for the Apprehending of Sir Adam Blaire, and Doctor Grey; and therein to offer a Reward to such as shall do die same.

Bill of Then the Order of Yesterday, for proceeding in the

Indemnity, further Consideration of the Heads of Exceptions in the Bill of Indemnity, was read.

And the First Head of Exceptions being read;

A Debate arose thereupon, Whether any Person shall be excepted, as for Life, upon this Head.

Resolved, That no Person shall be excepted, out of the Bill of Indemnity, as for Life, upon this Head.

Resolved, That some Persons shall be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity upon this Head, as to other Pains and Penalties, not extending to Life.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Monday Morning next, proceed in the further Consideration of the Heads of Exceptions in the Bill of Indemnity.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, Droitwich An Act for the Regulating the Salt-works in Droitwich, Salt-works, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Christy reports from the Committee, to whom Bristoll, 4c. the Bill for establishing Courts of Conscience in Bristoll Courts of and Gloucester, was referred, That the Committee had Conscience, agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill:

Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and after some small Amendment made at the Table, were, upon the Question being severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Thomas have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for a Month, for his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Colt have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill for granting a Sub- Supply Bill, sidy to their Majesties, be now read a Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Several Amendments were proposed to be made in the Bill; viz.

Press 5, L. 5, to leave out "Subsidy;" and, instead thereof, insert " Rates."

Press 13, L. 13, to leave out " Quarterly."

L. 35, to leave out " Quarterly."

Press 16, L. 27, to leave out " Quarterly."

Press 36, *, to leave out from " notwithstanding" in L. 4, to " Provided," in L. 18.

All which were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed'unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table, accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of Twelve-pence in the Pound for One Year, for the necessary Defence of their Realms.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskyns and Doctor Edisbury;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That they have agreed to the Amendments proposed by this House, to be made to the Bill to enable Robert Penwarne to sell Lands to pay his Brothers and Sisters Portions, and pay his Debts.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House do on Friday next, resolve Orphans of itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed London, in the Consideration of the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of London.

Penwarne’

Estate.

1

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except the Committee appointed to prepare Impeachments against Sir Adam Blaire, and others.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 17* die i* Willielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

Bathurst’* /ORDERED, That the Committee to whom the ini-

E»tate, v/ grossed Bill sent down by the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Theodore Bathurst to make a Jointure for his Wife, and to charge Monies on Part of his Estate in Yorkshire, be revived.

Committe*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Then the Question being put, That the House do now Adjourn-adjourn. ment*

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, iUkUm’ }l .6.

Tellers for the Noes,|^" ^Hen^H: }156-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Order for the House to proceed in the further Consideration of the Heads of Exceptions in the Bill of Indemnity was read; as also the Resolutions of the House on Saturday last upon the First Head.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Henley and Sir Sam. Astrey do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to give an Account, What Judges of the Court of King’s Bench sat, and gave Judgment, in the Case between and Hales in Tri. Term 2° Jacobi II'.

Ordered, That Mr. Justice Powell and Sir Thomas Street do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

Exception in Bill of Indemnity.

IW. & M.

17* — 18° Junii.

183

Recovery of Tythes.

Leave of Abreact.

Earl of Peterborough's Estate.

Ordered, That the Chief Prothonotary of the Court of Common Pleas do attend this House Tomorrow Morning to give an Account, Who were Judges in that Court in Trinity Term, 2 Jac. II.

Ordered, That the King’s Remembrancer and Clerk of the Pleas in the Court of Exchequer do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to give an Account, Who were Barons of that Court in Trinity Term in 2* II".

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning with the Roll wherein are the Ojitlis of the Judges, and King’s Attorney and Solicitor General.

Ordered, That William Bri, Esquire, do attend

this House Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 18® die Junii; i® Willielmi et Mariae, Anno Domini 1689. Prayers.

MR. Christy reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes was referred, That they had thought fit to make several Amendments, and to add several Clauses to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterward, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir John Cordell have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Trenchard have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Sir Michael JVentxcorth have Leave to go into the Country, for Six Weeks.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to make good a Recovery suffered by the Earl of Peterborough and Lord Mordant, was referred, That the Committee had considered of the Bill; and did not think fit to make any Amendments therein.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read a Third time. The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House thereunto, without any Alteration.

A Bill for declaring the Rights of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown.

A Bill from the Lords, for Regulating of Trials.

A Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wook

A Bill for restoring Corporations.

A Bill for licensing Hackney Coaches.

Two Bills from Comprehension.

A Bill from the Lords, to enable Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal to execute the Office of Lord Chancellor and Lord Keeper.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners.

A Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture.

A Bill of Indemnity.

Bills for ordering and rendering the Militia more usefuL

A Bill for settling Measures for Com, $c.

A Bill for the Relief of the Orphans of London.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes.

A Bill to make void Gifts and Grants to Papists.

A Bill touching Bankrupts.

A Bill for an additional Excise upon Beer, 8$c.

A Bill for laying a Tax upon Ground Rents upon new Foundations

A Bill to exempt Sea Officers from Penalties.

A Bill for appropriating the Forfeitures of Five hundred Pounds to the publick Use.

A Bill to repeal the Statute of 5® Hen. IV. against Multiplying of Gold and Silver.

A Bill from the Lords, to vest in the Two Universities Presentations to Benefices belonging to Papists.

A Bill for the Relief of the Irish Clergy.

A Bill from the Lords, for the Administration of Oaths to Land Officers above Twenty Miles distant from London.

A Bill for a further Custom upon Tea and Coffee.

A Bill for the Regulation of the Aulnage.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooikc and Message Sir John Hoskyns; from Lord*.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed upon an Address to his Majesty: To which they desire the Concurrence of the House.

And the Messengers withdrew.

The Address was read; and is as followeth;

WE Your Majesty’s most loyal and dutiful Subjects Address re-the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in specting Parliament assembled, having taken into our Considerar of tien the great Importance the Isles of Wight, Guernsey, Guernsey, and Jersey, are to Your Majesty’s Dominions, and the &c._and regreat Danger to which they are exposed during this War moving Pa-with France, do in most humble Manner represent to P1SU*

Your Majesty, That we are informed that the Isle of Wight may be put into a Posture of Defence in a small Time, and with

Supply Bill.

a small Charge. And we do humbly desire Your Majesty would be pleased to send with all . 1 . Expedition, a Supply of Troops, Provisions, and Stores,

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to all these Places; and particularly to order some Men for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of Twelve-pence Gf War to Guernsey and Jersey, that may constantly at-in the Pound for One Year, for the necessary Defence of tend therefor the better Defence of those Islands; and like-their Realms, be now sent up to the Lords for their Con- wjse to glve such further Orders for the Security of the Isles currence. of Mann, Sci/ly, and Anglesey, and of the Cinque Ports,

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry up the Bill ac- Milford, and Falmouth, and all other Places,

cordingly. ... — . _ __

Irish Affairs.

Publick Bills depending.

was

that lie opposite to France and Ireland, as Your Majesty, in Your Princely Wisdom, shall think fit. And we further desire Your Majesty to give effectual Order, that the Act for confining Papists within Five Miles of their own Houses, and the Law lately made for disarming Papists _, _ , and reputed Papists, and for taking away their Horses,

Mr. reports from the Committee, to whom it may be forthwith executed: And in order thereunto, that is referred, to consider what publick Bills were depend- Judges may be directed to give these Acts in Charge

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inquire into the Miscarriages relating to Londonderry, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

ing before the House, That, they had considered thereof accordingly; and agreed upon a Report to be made thereof: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

A Bill for repealing the Act of Governing Corporations.

A Bill for regulating Elections.

Vol. X.

to the Justices of the Peace in their several Circuits; and particularly that they examine whether any Protestants have, contrary to that Act, owned such Horses as in truth belong to Papists.

We humbly lay these Things before Your Majesty, as considering them to be of great Importance to the Safety of Your Majesty’s Person, Government, and Dominions.

Resolved,

184

18° yunti.

A. 168^.

Resolved, That the Address be committed, upon the Debate of the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Leoeson Sir John

ther, Mr . Conisby, Sir J Sir

Musgrave, Sir Hen. Good Sir John Thomson, Mr. St. Johns, Mr. Netvport, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Papillion, Lord Ranelagh, Sir John TreVor, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Sac Lord Sir John

Knatchbull, Major Vincent, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Fran. Russell, Mr Hen.Herbert, Sir Major JVUdman,

Col. Birch, Mr. Norreis, Mr. Fox, Mr. Blake, Sir Rob. Nappier, Col. Austen, Sir Cha. Col. Tipping, Mr.

Ellwell, Mr. Done, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Buckley, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Smith, Lord Falkland, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hawlcs, Mr. Whitehead, Sir Edw.

Harley, 'Sir John Wynn, Sir Phil. Skippon, Mr. Skippon,

Mr. Garway, Mr. Burrard, and all the Members that serve for the Sea Ports: And to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Justice Pow- The House being informed, that Mr. Justice Powell as a^en<^et^’ according to their Order Yesterday;

dispensing Resolved, That he be called in; and examined, in rela-Power. tien to the Case of Godtwyn and Hales; and what Questions had been proposed to the Judges concerning the King’s Power of Dispensing with the Laws; and what Resolutions the Judges gave thereupon.

And a Chair was ordered to be set for him within the Bar, on the Left Hand.

And he, being called in, came and stood behind the Chair, the Serjeant with his Mace standing by him on his Right Hand.

And being asked concerning the Matter aforesaid;

He said, That Sir Robert Wright being then Puisne Judge of the King’s Bench, being of Serjeants Inn in Chancery Lane, told him upon Wednesday or Thursday in Trinity Term, 2 Jac. II. before the Judgment given in Godwyn and Haks, that he was ordered by Sir Edward Herbert, the then Chief Justice of the King’s Bench, to acquaint the Judges of that Inn, that he was commanded by the King to assemble all the Judges upon the Friday then next following, at the Hall of Serjeants Inn in Fleet-street, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of that Day, to consult with them upon a certain Matter: And that accordingly all the Judges met there: Where, after the Judges were sat, the Lord Chief Justice related

the Matter they were met about; and put the Case of Goodwyn and Haks to this Effectviz. " That an Information was exhibited against the Defendant, upon the Statute of 25 Car. IIdl, for exercising the Office of a Colonel of a Regiment of Foot, without taking the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and the Test, as by the said Act is prescribed; to which Information the Defendant pleaded a Patent from the King under the Great Seal; whereby he dispensed with him taking the said Oaths and Test, with a Non obstante to the said Statuteand desired their Opinions, Whether the King had Power to dispense with the said Statute

And, being then asked, What were the Opinions then delivered by the Judges? he desired the House would excuse him from answering to that Question.

Whereupon he was ordered to withdraw.

And the House entering upon the Debate of his said Answer;

Resoloed, That he be called in again; and required, in the Name of the House, to declare what Opinions the several Judges then gave, except, as to himself, they left him to his own Liberty, whether he would acquaint the House therewith or not

And he being called in again, and acquainted with the Resolution of the House; he thereupon did give an Account to the Effect following;

That the Lord Chief Justice argued upon the Case at large; and cited several Cases, particularly those of 2 Hen. VII. Calvin's Case, Co. 7. and Coke's, 12 Report; and then called to him the said Justice Pcnvell (being the Puisne Judge), to deliver his Opinion first: Whereunto he 25

answered, That he never heard the Case put, before that Time; and found it to be a Case of very great Importance; and that he durst not then deliver any Opinion, before he had well and advisedly consulted the Books; and therefore desired Time. That the Chief Justice asked him, What Time he would have; and he desired Time until Michaelmas Term: But the Lord Chief Justice told him, that could not be; for that Judgment was to be given upon Tuesday then next, being the last Tuesday in the Term. Whereupon he answered. He would wait upon his Lordship on Monday in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock.

That, next after him, Mr. Baron Milton in his Order, was asked his Opinion: Who was for the Dispensing Power.

That Justice Lutwkh was of Opinion, the King could dispense in that Case, but not in Ecclesiastical Affairs; or Civil Matters: And, when he found some others declare the King had a dispensing Power, but limited it not; he stood up and said, Take notice, I pray, that I restrain it to this particular Case.

That Baron Jenner was for Dispensing with the said Statute of 25 Car. II. and also Justice Wright, and Justice Holloway.

That Justice Street was against Dispensing in that Case.

That the Lord Chief justice Bedingfield was for the Dispensing Power.

That the LordChief Baron Atkins said, That if the Cases, as they were cited by the Lord Chief Justice Herbert, were Law, viz. 2 H.VII. Co. 12 Report; then he was of Opinion, the King might dispense in this Case: And spake further (as he takes it), Esther that he knew not whether those Cases cited were Law, or that he thought they were not Law; but that, by the Reason of the Distance of Place, he could not well hear him: And that, about Four or Five Days after, he waiting upon the Lord Chief Baron at his Chamber; and falling into a Discourse touching the ill Consequences of that Opinion; he spake to this Effect;

" Brother, you heard what I said in that MatterThat he answered the Lord Chief Baron, that he was remote from him, and could not distinctly hear what he said; but took it, that his Lordship delivered no positive Opinion: For that his Lordship doubted whether 2 II. VII. and 12 Co. were Law: That the Lord Chief Baron answered. That he thought the Cases cited were not Law; and now was satisfied, that the Lord Cooke was mistaken in applying the Case 2 H. VII: And then declared he was of Opinion the King could not dispense with that Statute of 25 Car. II.

That the Lord Chief Justice Herbert was for the King’s Dispensing with the Statute 25 Car. II: And that Justice Withens and Baron Heath were of the same Opinion, with the Majority. That he afterwards, about Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, upon Monday, as be was going towards the Lord Chief Justic Herbert's Chamber, called at Mr. Justice Lutwkh's Chamber; and there was informed by a Gentleman, that was, that Morning, in the Court of King’s Bench, that Judgment was given that Morning before he had delivered his Opinion to the Lord Chief Justice; by reason that there were many Persons of Quality in the Court upon another Occasion: And further said, That the Opinion he went to deliver to the Lord Chief Justice, was against the Dispensing Power.

And then he withdrew.

The House was informed, that Sir Robert Henley and Sir Samuel Astrey attended, according to their Order Yesterday.

And they were called in to the Bar; and gave an Account of the Judges in the King’s Bench, when Judgment was given in the Case of Goodwyn and; viz. The Lord Chief Justice Sir Edward Herbert, Sir Francis Withens, Sir Rich. Holloway, and Sir Robert Wright; and they all concurred in their Opinion: And that Sir Herbert pronounced the Judgment; and said, He had consulted the other Judges: And that it was the Opinion of Ten of them; and that One dissented, and One hesitated upon it: But that he had been informed, that Morning by Sir Richard Holloway, that the latter of them was of the same Opinion: And that the Case was argued but once

by

Proceedings against the Seven Bishops.

i.8° Julii.

t85

by Mr. Northcy against the Dispensing Power, and by the King’s Counsel (Sir Thomas,) for it: And that the Judgment was pronounced by the Lord Chief Justice alone, without the other Judges doing it as is usual:

And that there were some Positions or Theses laid down by the Lord Chief Justice; some of which were, That the Laws were the King’s Laws; that the King might dispense with his Laws in case of Necessity; and that the King was Judge of that Necessity.

And then they withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Cooke, Chief Protonotary of the Common Pleas, attended, according to their Order of Yesterday;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, gave an Account who were Judges of the Court of Common Pleas in Triri Term, 2 Jac. II. viz.Sir Hen.Beddinfeild, Sir Tho. Street, Sir Edu ard Lutwich, and Sir John Fenced:

And then withdrew.

The House being informed, that the King's Remembrancer, and Clerk of the Pleasin the Exchequer, attended according to the Order of Yesterday;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, gave an Account who were Barons of that Court in Trin Term, 2 Jac. II1; viz. Sir Edward Atkins, Sir Thomas Sir Richard

Heath, and Sir Chris. Milton.

And then they withdrew.

The House being informed, that the Clerk of the Crown attended the House, according to their Order;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, delivered in the Roll wherein were Oaths of the Judges, and King’s Attorney General,'and Solicitor General.

And then he withdrew.

Then the Oaths of the Judges, and Attorney General, and Solicitor General, were read.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bridgman attended, according to their Order;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, gave an Account Concerning the Proceedings upon the Commission for erecting a Court of Ecclesiastical Commissioners; and that they were entered in the Journal which was brought to this House.

And, being asked concerning a Committee for regulating of Corporations, he said, That there were several Lords, w ho often met touching the same; viz. the Lord Chancellor Jeffiyes, Lord Sunderland, Lord Lord

Castlemaine, Sir Nic. Butler, Father Peters: And that Mr. Brent, and Mr. Trinder, and others, were concerned therein, and managed that Business.

And lie was also examined touching the Returns of Persons that would take off the Penal Laws and Tests; and the Commitment of the Bishops.

Then a Copy of the Bishops Commitment to the Tencer was delivered in, from the Privy Council Books; and read; and is as followeth;

At the Court at Whitehall, the Slh of June, 1688.

Present,

The King’s. Most Excellent Majesty,

Lord Chancellor, Lord President, Lord Privy Seal, Marquis of Poui.s', Lord Chamberlain, Earl of Huntingdon, Earl of Peterborough, Earl of Craven, Earl of Berkely, Earl of Moi'ray, Earl of Middleton, Earl of

Milford, Earl of Casllemain, Viscount Preston, Lord

Dartmouth, Lord Godolphin, Lord Dover, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Chief Justice Herbert, Sir Nic. Butler, Mr. Pet re.

HIS Majesty having this Day acquainted their Lordships with a Petition that he had received some time since, signed by the Archbishop of Canterbury, and Six of the Suffragan Bishops of that Province, which had much surprised him; and that thereupon he had caused them to be summoned to attend this Day: Which they accordingly did; and being called in; and having heard the said Petition read, which Was likewise shewed unto them, they acknowledged it to be their Petition; and that the Signing so it was their Hand-w riting: Whereupon it was ordered, That Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General Vol. X.

Should prosecute them at the King’s Bench Bar for the same: And being afterwards made acquainted therewith, and that it was the usual Method to enter into Recognizance to appear thO First Day of the Term; their Lordships declined to comply therewith, in regard they had been advised by their Counsel it would be prejudicial to their Privileges as being Peers of the Realm: His Majesty was theu pleased to order their Commitment to the Tower of London, as followeth;

THESE are, in his Majesty’s Name, and by his Command, to require you to take into your Custody the Persons of William Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, William Lord Bishop of St. Asaph, Francis Lord Bishop of Ely, John Lord Bishop of Chichester, Thomas Lord Bishop of Bathe and Wells, Thomas Lord Bishop of and Jonathan Lord Bishop of Br'istoll, for contriving, making and publishing a seditious Libel in Writing against his Majesty and his Government; and them safely to keep in your Custody, until they shall be delivered by due Course of Law: For which this shall be your Warrant. At the Council in Whitehall, the Eighth Day of Ji/«ei688.

Signed and sealed by Lord Chancellor, Lord President,

Lord Privy Seal, Marquis of Powis, Lord Chamberlain, Earl of Huntingdon, Earl of PeterborowEarl of Craven, Earl of Morray, Earl of Middleton, Earl of Earl

of Castlemain, Viscount Preston, Lord Dartmouth, Lord Godolphin, Lord Dover, Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Lord Chief Justice Herbert, Sir Nic. Butler.

To the Lieutenant of the Tower of London.

A Warrant to Philip Ryley, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms,

to take into his Custody the said Lord Archbishop and

Bishops, and to deliver them to the Lieutenant of the

Tower of London, dated ut supra.

THERE being this Day issued a Warrant by his Majesty’s special Command, in Council, under the Hands and Seals of the Lords of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, for committing to the Tower of London his G race William Lord Archbishop of Canterbury,

William. Lord Bishop of St. Asaph, Francis Lord Bishop of Ely, John Lord Bishop of Chichester, Thomas Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells, Thomas Lord Bishop of -

row, and Jonathan Lord Bishop of Bristoll, for contriving, making, and publishing a seditious Libel against his Majesty and his Government (a Copy whereof is hereunto annexed); there to be safely kept, until they shall be delivered by due Course of Law: It is this Day further ordered, by his Majesty, in Council, That Sir Thomas Powis, Knight, his Majesty’s Attorney General, and Sir Wm. Williams, Knight, his Majesty’s Solicitor General, do forthwith prepare an Information against the said Archbishop, and the several other Bishops above-named, for the Offence aforesaid; and prosecute the same according to Law, in his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, the next Term.

And a Debate arising upon the First Head of Excep- Exceptions tiens concerning the Dispensing Power, and the Case of in Kill of Gooduyn and Hales; Indemity.

Resolved, That Sir Edward Herbert be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity, upon this Head.

Resolved, That Sir Francis Withens be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity, on this Head.

Resolved, That Sir Richard Holloway be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity, on this Head.

Resolved, That Sir Robert Wright be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity, upon this Head.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

3 A

186

190 Junii. A. 1689.

Great Seal to execute the Office of Lord Chancellor and Mercurii, 19* die Junii} lord Keeper.

Ordered, That Sir Scroope do go with that Message i° Wilhelmi et Maria;* to the Lords.

Prayers*

Supply Bill; A BILL for an additional Custom upon Coffee, Tea,

Coffee, lea, f\ and Chocolate, was read the First time.

c‘ Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time To-

morrow Morning.

Irish Clergy. A Bill for Relief of the Clergy, was read a Second

time.

A Proviso was offered to be made Part of it, for such Clergy to give Bond to resign such Livings as they shall be preferred to in this Kingdom, when they may return with Safety to their Preferments in and to exempt

them from the First Fruits and Tenths.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Commissioner Maynard, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Doyley, Mr* Cooke, Mr. Sachcvei'cll, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bickerstaffe Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Fran. Russell, Mr. Montague, Sir Gilbert Sir John Wynn,

Sir Charles Ccesar, Mr. Levison Gmver, Sir John Knight,

Sir Walt. Young, Mr. Done, Lord Falkland, Lord Sir John Brownlow, Sir Thomas Darcye, Sir Phil. Skippon, Sir Wm. Pinsent, Mr. Fox, Mr. Buckley, Mr. England, Colonel Birch, Mr. Hoto, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Roberts, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Fawkes, and all Members that are of the Long Robe; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Answer to Sir Joseph Tredenham acquaints the House, That such

Address. Members of the House as are of the Privy Council, and He, had attended his Majesty with the Address for the Relief of the Irish Protestants: And that his Majesty was pleased to answer, That he would employ the Irish Gentlemen in Offices in the Army, as Occasions offered: And, as to the Assistance desired for the rest, That he would furnish it as soon as he was enabled thereunto by this House.

Militia. A Bill for rendering the Militia more useful was offered,

from the Committee appointed to prepare the same.

Ordered, That the same do lie upon the Table.

Papists Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the

Benefices. Lords, intituled, An Act to vest in the Two Universities the Presentations to Benefices belonging to Papists, be read a Second time on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Westminster, Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Ac. Courts of whom the BiH for establishing Courts of Conscience in the Conscience. of Westminster, Borough of Southwarke, the Toioer

Hamlets, and Out Parishes, be made on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Proceeding* Ordered, That Sir Tho. Darcye, Sir Wm. Pinsent, Mr. gainst Fuller, Mr. Norris, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Bocland, Sir Cha. o msod. Raleigh, Mr. Stretford, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Ha'bert, be added to the Committee, appointed to inquire How Mr. Johnson came to be degraded, and by what Authority the same was done.

Constable of Mr. Herbert acquaints the House, That he had Di-DoverCastle. rections from the Committee to whom the Address sent down from the Lords, was referred, to move the House, That an humble Address may be made to his Majesty, that he will please to appoint a Constable of Dover Castle: And that the said Committee may have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to send for Person^ Papers, and Records.

Conference Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire

Lo "to* a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments

r ’ to the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of the

79

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inquire in Selling the Abuses in the Selling of Offices; and to prepare a Bill Offices, or Bills to prevent Abuses in Selling of Offices, for the future.

And it is referred to Mr. Smith, Sir John Austen, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Milner, Mr. Leveson Gorcrc, Lord Digby, Mr. Arnold, Sir Fran. Russell, Colonel Austen, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Chetnyn, Sir Wm. Honywood,

Sir Gilbert Clerke, Mr. Siockdale, Major Vincent, Mr.

Montague, Mr. Parker, Mr. Blake, Mr. Re/mv, Mr.

Christy, Sir Phil. Skippon, Mr. Wroth, Mr. Harries, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir Tho. Barnadiston, Mr. Onslow, Sir Rob.

Nappier, Mr. Grey, Mr. England, Mr. Bocland, Sir John Knatchbull, Major Wildman, Sir Thomas Clarges, Sir Pinsent, Colonel Birch, Mr. Done, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Lee, Mr. Freke, Sir John Doyley, Mr.

Gwyn, Mr. Williams, Mr. Millner;and all that come to have Voices: and they are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Four of the' Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber.

Sir Henry Capell acquaints the House, That he, with Answer t» others of the Privy Council, had attended his Majesty Address, with the Address of this House, for issuing a Proclamation for apprehending Sir Adam Blair, and Dr. Grey: And that his Majesty was pleased to say, That he would issue a Proclamation accordingly.

A Bill to regulate Elections of Members to serve in Re?u|at;n2 Parliament, was read a Second time. Elections*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Lee,

Mr. Phil. Foley, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr.

Sacheverell, Mr. Coningsby, Sir Christopher

Major Wildman, Sir John Knatchbull, Sir Sir

Fra. Russell, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Niccolls, Sir Tho.

Littleton, Sir John Colton, Sir Jonath.Jennings, Mr.

Colonel Birch, Mr. Montague, Colonel Austen, Sir Austen, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Grey, Sir Wm.

Poultney, Mr. Done, Mr. Christy, Lord Digby, Mr. Roberts, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Vane, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Sir Wm. Pinsent, Mr. Sand ford, Sir Cha.Blois, Mr. Clapham,

Sir \Pat.Ward, Sir Tho. Barnadiston, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir John Brownlow, Sir Harley, Sir Portman, Sir Rob.Rich, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir JValler

Young, Sir John Key: And all thatcome are to haveVoices:

And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Duchy Chamber.

Sir Scroop How acquaints the House, He having, ac- Lor(Js a,ree cording to their Order, been up at the Lords to desire a to Conference. Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference accordingly, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cook and Message

Mr. Methwyn from Lords

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to desire this House to continue sitting, because they have Matters of great Moment to impart to them.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will continue sitting, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were callen in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Cooke and Intercepted

Mr. Methuen', Papers com-

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to mumca acquaint this House, That these Papers w ere sent them by his Majesty; with his Majesty’s Order to communicate them to this House, being of great Importance.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr.

I W. & M. 19 — 10° Junii.

Mr. Hamden, One of His Majesty’s Privy Council, acquaints the House, That the Mayor of Manchester had sent an Account,- how this Packet, with some others, came to their Hands; v

There was a Vessel stole out of the Port of And when it was gone, the Commissioners for the Customs thought it was gone for Ireland: So they gave strict Command, when that Vessel came into Port again, to endea-' your to seize it: And they did seize it Five Miles at Sea. That- Two of the Persons were got away before they reached them; but it was hoped they may be reached soon enough to seize their Letters: And the Mayor had sent up these Letters to the Secretary, and set their Seals, by an Express by One of their Aldermen, that it might come safe.

That Piggot's, and Two others of the Letters, are known to be King James's Hand; though One of them is written in some Kind of Disguise.

Then the Letters, and other Things, were read;

A Letter to JVm. Piggot, dated June the 8 th.

A Letter to James Go dated June the 8th.

A Letter, in the same Cover, dated June the 8th.

A Letter to Jo. Lane, Merchant in London, dated to June 1689; signed C. Powell.

Directions from King James to the intended Convention of Scotland, dated 16 May 1689; Dublin Castle.

A Proclamation of King James the IP, Dublin Castle, dated 1* April 1689; signed

A Letter to Mr. Abbott at Lord at Croxhall

in Lancashire, dated Dublin, 9 June 1689; signed IV. B.

A Proclamation, dated Dublin Castle, 4 May 1689; signed Melfort.

A Letter to Geo. Throckmorton, Esquire, at Chys near Hilchin, Hertfordshire, dated Dublin, 9 June 1689;

A Letter to James Briggs at Cha. Pigion, Esquire, Counsellor at Law, at Greys Inti, London, not signed nor dated: And

A printed Act of Parliament made in Ireland: And several printed Papers.

Address for. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his securing Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Papists, Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That the considerable Papists, or reputed Papists, of this Kingdom, may be forthwith taken into Custody; and the Arms and Horses of all Papists, and reputed Papists, be searched for, and seized.

Protestants Resolved, That whatever Protestants, who shall own, concealing protect, or conceal, any Arms or Horses, belonging to

tljeuu Papists, or reputed Papists, shall be looked upon as

Enemies to their Majesties and this Kingdom; and be proceeded against accordingly.

Thanks for Resolved, Neminecontrathe humbleThanks

comnmmeat- Gf pj0use be given to his Majesty, by such Members ing apers. thereof as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, for his gracious Communicating of divers Letters, and other Papers, which were intercepted coming from Ireland; and this Day sent to and read in this House.

Rights of the Then the Amendments proposed by the Lords, to be Subject and made to the Bill for declaring the Rights and Liberties of Crown8 th* the Subjects, and settling the Succession of the Crown, were read; and are as followeth;

Line 2.1), 7 Skin, after Majesty," add " and, for Default of such Issue, to the Princess Sophia, Princess Electoral Palatine, and Duchess oiBrmisioick, Luneburgh, and Hanover, as being the next Protestant in the Lineal Succession of the Royal Family, and to the Heirs of her Body."

8 Skin, 5 Line, after " Religion," add " or shall marry a Papist, or one who shall refuse to make, repeat, and subscribe the following Declaration, and receive the Sacrament according to the Usage of the Church of England."

17 Line, after " dead," add the Clause marked A.

25 Line, leave out from " accordingly," to the End of the Bill.

The First of the said Amendments being read a Second rime;

Vo L. X.

And the Question seeing put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative, A eminecontradicente.

The Second of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment.

The Third of the said Amendments being read a Sefcond time, relating to Clause A, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

" And fee it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid,

That, in case of Default of Issue of the Bodies of their Majesties, and of the Issue of the Queen, the Princess Anne of Denmark, and the King, the next Succeeding King or Queen shall solemnly make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration following; viz.I A. B. do solemnly and sincerely, in the Presence of God, profess, testify, and declare, That I do believe, that, in the Sacrament of the lord’s Supper, there is not any Transubstantiation of the Elements of Bread and Wine into the Body and Blood of Christ, at or after the Consecration thereof, by any Person whatsoever: And that the Invocation or Adoration of the Virgin Mary, or any other Saint, and the Sar crifice of the Mass, as they are now used by the Church of Rome, are superstitious and idolatrous: And I do solemnly, in the Presence of God, profess, testify, and declare,

That I do make this Declaration, and every Part thereof, in the plain and ordinary Sense of the Words read unto me, as they are commonly understood by English Protestants, without any Evasion, Equivocation, or mental Reservation whatsoever; and without any Dispensation already granted me for this Purpose by the Pope, or any other Authority or Person whatsoever, or without any Hope of any such Dispensation from any Person or Authority whatsoever, or without thinking, that I am, or can be, acquitted before.God or Man, or absolved of this Declaration, or any Part thereof; although the Pope, or any other Person or Persons, or Power whatsoever, Should dispense with, or annul the same, or declare that it was null and void from the Beginning: And shall also, if of the Age of Fourteen Years, receive the Sacrament, according to the Usage of the Church of England, before such succeeding King or Queen shall be proclaimed: And, in case such succeeding King or Queen shall happen to be beyond the Seas, the said Declaration shall be tendered to him of her, by Commissioners, sent from the Council in Being at the last Demise of the King or Queen, or Princess of

Denmarke, or the Issue of their Bodies: And, upon Rufusal to make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration by the succeeding King or Queen, as aforesaid, such King of Queen, so refusing, shall be incapable of being, and shall cease to be, King or Queen, or to have or exercise any Regal Power in England, Ireland, or the Dominions thereunto belonging: And the next Heir, being a Protestant, shall succeed to the Crown, as if such Person, so refusing, were naturally dead: And from and after his or her receiving the Sacrament, and making, repeating, and subscribing the said Declaration, which shall be tendered as aforesaid, shall be proclaimed King or Queen/’

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate, touching the Amendments, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till To-piorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 20* die Junii}

1* Willielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

A PETITION and Case of the Wool-comberS and Woollen

Makers of Worsted Yam, in the Counties ot Suffolk, Manulacture* Norfolke, Cambridge, the Isle of Huntington and Northampton, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners

employ

Bathurst’s

Estate.

188

employ several Thousands of Poor in their Trade, wherein

Seat Abuses have, and may happen, by false and Short eeling of the said Yarn, to the publick Prejudice, and debasing the Manufacture: To prevent which, an Act was made 14® Car. II-1, for regulating the making the said

Stuff; whereby ( inter alia) such a Number of Wardens and Assistants of the Master Weavers of the City of Norwich, and County of Norfolk, had a Power granted them, to search for and seize all Worsted Yam reeled false or Short; and to lay a Fine upon such Yarns so defective, as a Jury, by the said Act, Should fine, not exceeding the Moiety of the Value of the said Yarn: Which said Fines are to go to the Use of the Poor of that Trade, necessary Charges defrayed: That, notwithstanding the said Act, the Abuses above-mentioned are yet continued, and the publick Manufacture thereby extremely prejudiced; for the Spinsters, being numerous, and no ways liable to any Punishment for making their Work Short or false, and having Choice of Masters, care not for the repeated Complaints of the Employers; herding together in Defiance of them: By which Means, most of the Yarns that come from their Hands is defective; and the Search of the Wardens and Assistants is either bought off, or winked at, by Favour of one or other of them: Or if, in case a Seizure be made, or a Fine passed, the Poor receive little or no Benefit thereby, most of it being sw allowed up in Charges, or wasted in Treats, Compositions; and then the Yarn (though never so bad) is free to be sold, and often bought by the Wardens themselves, and made into Stuffs, to the great Damage of the whole Trade in general: To prevent which, the Petitioners prayed, 1. That they may be incorporated into a Trade of Wool-combing, and making of Worsted Yarn; and none occupy the same, but such as are Artists, and have served Seven Years Apprenticeship thereunto, or managed the said Trade for some time preceding: 2. That they may be impowered to punish the Spinsters by some corporal Infliction, or Penalty, to make a Satisfaction for not making or spinning the said Yam as they ought, and are required to do; which will secure the Foundation of the w'hole Work, and prevent all future Mischiefs: 3. That if, after this, any Yam shall be found defective, then, instead of laying a Fine thereon, the same may be cut to Pieces, and destroyed: Which will tend to a Consumption of Wool in general, prevent all Partiality in Searchers, deter Parties from the Offence, and secure a good Commodity, both of Yarn and Stuffs, to the whole Nation; which, as the Petitioners chief Desire, they referred it to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the Case of the Worsted Weavers, of Norwich comes before the House.

Sir Jonathan Jennings reports from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Theodore Bathurst to make a Jointure for his Wife, and charge Monies upon Part of his Estate in Yorkshire, was referred; That the Committee had agreed upon several Amendments to be made in the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 3, Line 29, Leave out " Twoand insert, instead thereof, " Three,"

Press 4, Line 15, Leave out " Two;" and insert, instead thereof, " Three."

Resolved, That the Bill be now read the Third time. The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, so amended, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Jonathan Jennings do carry up the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House doth agree thereto, with such Amendments; and desire their Concurrence to the said Amendments.

A. 1689.

A Petition of Hugh Speak, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That on the Sixth Instant was the Election for One of the Citizens for the City of Exon, in the room of Sir Henry Pollexfen, now Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas: That the Petitioner, and one Christopher Beale, Esquire, the now pretended Mayor, stood as Candidates; and the Petitioner had been then chosen, had not the said Bale bribed several Persons, and brought several out of Prisons and Alms-houses to give their Votes for him; many of them striking several that appeared to vote for the Petitioner; w'hich caused a great Riot, and many of the Petitioner’s Friends, that had Voices, went away, for Fear of Murder: Whereby the said Bale procured him* self to be returned by Edward Seaxcard, the now pretended Sheriff, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the House to appoint a Short Day for him to make out his Suggestions.

00

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Grubb have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, was referred, That the Case coming to be heard upon the Petition of Humphry Courtny, Esquire, against Charles Fanshaw, Esquire, Viscount in the Kingdom of

Ireland, touching the Election of a Burgess for alias Mitchell, in the county of ; a Proclamation

was made, according to Custom, for the said Petitioner to attend, and prosecute his said Petition: But that the Petitioner, nor none for him, appeared: And that, thereupon, the Committee came to a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Petition, for want of Prosecution, be dismissed.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the said Petition, for Want of Prosecution, be dismissed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ, for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell in the County of in

the room of Charles Lord Viscount Fanshaw, who was, the Thirteenth Day of May last, discharged from being a Member of this House.

Colenel Birch reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cardigan was referred, The State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table, in Writing; and was there read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Vaughan, Esquire, against John Lcreis, Esquire, the Sitting Member for the County of Cardigan;

For the Petitioner, The Counsel insisted, That whereas there are Two Coroners for the County of Cardigan, who ought to have made the Return, the Return was made by One of the Coroners; viz. Morris alone: And that, though there wTas an Agreement between the Candidates, that the Non-residents Should not be polled, yet the Coroner polled them for Mr. Lads; and refused to poll them for Mr. Vaughan the Petitioner: And that there was an Agreement to adjourn the Poll till Monday, yet the

Coroner

ao° Junii.

Exeter

Election.

Leave of Absence.

Mitchell

Election.

Mitchell

Writ.

Cardigan

Election.

iW.tfM.

2 0° Junit.

189

Coroner closed it on Saturday: and called in one of the Coroners.

Mr. John Price: Who said, Mr. Morris denied to seal up the Poll Books at the first Adjournment: And that it was agreed, that the Non-residents Should be laid aside on both Sides: And Mr. Vaugs Non-residents were sent out of Town: But, next Day, Mr. Lewis' Nonresidents were called, and admitted: That, on Saturday Night Mr. Lewis desired Seven of his Men to be polled, because they lived at some Distance; and it was agreed, after polling Seven of a Side, the Poll Should be adjourned: That, afterwards, they polled above Seven a Side; but he went away, and Mr. Morris returned Mr. , without his Consent: That several Non-residents offered themselves to be polled for Mr. Va, but w ere refused.

Mr. David Lloyd, Mr. John , Mr. Lloyd, Mr. William Hughs, testified the Agreement about the Non-residents; and the sending away Mf. Vaughan's Non-residents; and the Agreement about the Adjournment of the Poll till Monday.

Then they called some Persons to prove that Mr. Lewis had polled some Persons not qualified:

John Thomas John: Who said, That James Evans, as

he was informed, had Four Nobles a Year; Richard John about.Twenty Shillings; David John Prees, some said Four Nobles, some Thirty Shillings.

John Jones said Wm.Evans is not a Freeholder, of Value, having not above Twenty-five Shillings a Year; David James had not Twenty Farthings a Year;

Richards Twelve Shillings a Year; no

great Matter, cannot tell what.

For Mr. Lewis, the Sitting Member insisted, That the Election was earned on very fairly: That the Prince of Orange's Letter being delivered to Mr Morris, the Coroner, he gave due N otice: and that the Poll began on Thursday, and continued till Saturday; which was sufficient for polling all that were polled in that County: That the Non-residents were polled on both Sides: That there was no Agreement for adjourning the Poll till Monday, after Seven were polled: and that Mr. Vaughan had polled Twenty, after such pretended Agreement: And called

Sir Carbcry Price: Who said, He was present when the Prince’s Circular Letter was read, and a Poll demanded: That the Second that cried out for Mr. Vaughan w as Mr. Price; and that they polled on all alike: He cannot say any thing to the Agreement; but, as to the Nonresidency, they were polled on both Sides: That Mr. Moris made Proclamation, and sent to Mr. Vaughan tw ice; and would not close the Book till he had Air. Vaughan's Resolution: He was upon the Place from the Beginning of the Election to the last; but heard no Agreer ment about the Non-residents, or for the Adjournment insisted on: That he saying to Mr. Vaughan, " We have " lost it for this time;" " No," says he, " you know

very well to the contrary, for I have lost it:" He thinks Air. Morris behaved himself as he ought to do; but Air. Preece behaved himself more like a Party than a Judge.

Air. Price said, He was at the Election 17th and the Coroner demanded who stood, and the Candidates appeared to be Air. Lewis and Mr. Vaughan: That one Side producing a Book, that Non-residents had no Votes; the other insisted, they had; so it was agreed, on both Sides, they Should be entered down on both Sides: That John Phillips, and his Son, who were pretended to be refused polling, as Non-residents, for Air. Vaughan, were polled: That, on Saturday Evening, it was proposed there might be an Adjournment to Cardigan by Air. Vaughan; but did not hear Air. Lewis or Mr. Moris consent: That when there was no more to poll, and they were pressing Air. Moris that he would proclaim Air. Lewis; Mr. Morris would not do it, till he had sent to Air. Vaughan, to know if he had any more Alen to poll: That he was one of the Alessengers that were sent to Coroner Price, to join with Air. in the Return of Air.

Lewis; but, he said, he w'ould not: That he knows of no Alan that was rejected, that offered to poll, though he was there from first to last: That Mr. Morris made three VOL. X.

Proclamations for Persons to come in to Poll; and after- Cardigan w ards, when Air. Vaughan said, he would poll no more, Election, they cast up the Books; and then proclaimed Air; Lewis.

David Lloyd, Esquire, John Lew is, Esquire, Thomas Lloyd, Esquire, Charles Lloyd, Esquire, Win. Powell,

Esquire, all testified, That the Agreement upon a Dispute of the Right was, That the Non-resideitts Should be put down, but entered as Non-residents.

Charles Lloyd, Esquire, said, The Alethod in carrying on the Poll was, if there w as any Suspicion they had not Forty Shillings a Year, they Should be sworn.

Air. Morris, the Coroner said, Mr. Vaughan's Party making an Objection against Non-residents, he ordered his Clerk to put them down as such.

That, on Saturday, Mr. Vaughan said, He would poll All that Night; and thereupon they went to poll, and there were Twenty Alen of Air. Vaughan's Side, the last that were polled: That some w ould have had him proclaimed Air. Lewis duly elected, but he would not till Air. Vaughan had Notice; and then did not do it, till he had made Three Proclamations for Persons to come in; and none coming in, he cast up the Books, and proclaimed Air. Lewis: That, as he remembered, there was 385 for Air. Lewis, and 363 for Air. Vaughan; and he numbered up the Non-residents on both Sides: That he never rejected any Person that would swear he was a Freeholder; and he swore any Person when desired,

That, upon the whole Alatter, the Committee came to the Resolution following: Which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same being read, is as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Lewis, Esquire, is duly elected a Knight in the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cardigan.

The said Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That John Lewis, Esquire, is duly elected a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cardigan;

Ordered, That the Report, touching a Breach of Pri- Privilege, vilege, between Sir Richard Temple and Mr. Palmes, be made This-day-sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Acton have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Month. Absence.

Ordered, That Air. Miller have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

An ingrossed Bill sent down from the Lords, intituled, Oaths taken An Act to regulate the Administration of the Oaths re- by Officers in quired to be taken by Commission, or Warrant Officers, the ArmJ* employed in their Majesties Service by Land, by virtue of an Act made this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Clarges,

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Serjeant WoAir. Christy, Sir

Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Brewer, Sir Jonath.Jennings, Sir Fra. Drake, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Cary, Mr. Boscowen,

Colonel Birch, Sir Christopher Mtisgrave, Mr. Gwyn, Air.

Done, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Guy, Mr. Hobby, Air. \

Sir Walter Moyle, Sir Matthew Andrews, Mr. Thorny, Mu Foley, Sir John Guise, Mr. Niccolls, Sir Edward

Air. Buckly, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Foster, Alajor Vincent, Mr,

Bickerstaffe, Sir Wm. Honeyu'ood, Mr. England, Mr. Le-veson Gozvre, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Williams, Sir Eduard Harley, Sir John Doyley: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill laying an additional Custom upon Coffee, Tea, Supply Bill; and Chocolate, was read the Second time. Costee, Te»,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee &c* of the whole House.

3 B

Prohibiting Trade with France.

Duty on Portugal and Spanish Wines.

Attainting several Persons.

Lords

Amendment to Chancellorship Bill.

Supply Bill; Laud Tax.

Bathurst’s

Estate.

Committees.

Papers to be returned.

Burton and

Graham’s

Accounts.

Preventing Export of Wool.

20° — 2i° Junii. A. 1689.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take the said Bill into Consideration.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit French Commodities.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do, upon Monday Morning next, bring in to this House, an Account of what the Duties upon Portugal and Spanish Wines have amounted unto for the last Twenty Years.

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to attaint of High Treason certain Persons who are now in Ireland, or any other Parts beyond the Seas, adhering to their Majesties Enemies, and shall not return into England by a certain Day.

A Bill for the Attainting of certain Persons of High Treason was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

posed by the Lords to be made to the Bill for declaring Right* of the the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the |ettiing th* Succession to the Crown, was resumed. Crownf

The Clause A was read.

Resolved, That the Clause be committed: And it is referred unto Mr. Hamden, Mr. Finch, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr.

Serjeant JVogan, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Fra.

Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir JVm. Poultny, Sir Henry Capell, Colonel Penruddock, Sir Christopher Mr. Smith,

Mr. Christy, Colonel Austen, Sir JV Sir Jo

Guise, Major Wildham, Lord Digby, Mr. Frehe, Sir Jos. , Tredenham, Sir JVm. Strickland, Sir Cotton, and all the Members that are of the Long Robe: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The last Amendment proposed by the Lords to be made to the said Bill, was read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, touching the Amendments proposed to be made to the Bill for enabling Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal to execute the Office of Lord Chancellor and Lord Keeper, do manage the Conference this Day to be had with the Lords thereupon.

Then the Managers went to the Conference.

Sir JVm. Poultny reports from the Conference with the Lords, that the Persons appointed had attended the same; and delivered their Reasons, why they do not agree with the Lords, in the Amendments, by them proposed to be made, to the Amendments by this House proposed to be made to the Bill.

Sir John Guise acquaints the House, That several of Information the Declarations of King James the Second have been taken at Cambridge; and that there was one Thomas Fowler at onatelcin* the Door, to give an Account thereof. James.

Resolved, That he be called in.

He was called in; and was, at the Bar, examined concerning the same; and gave an Account, that they came dow n by Carriers in Boxes, directed to the Master of Queen's College, and Master of St. Johns College:

And then withdrew.

But Sir Robert Sawyer, One of the Burgesses for the University, acquainted the House, That he had received Information, that the Boxes were both carried to, and now remain, with the Vice Chancellor.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Methwyn:

\ Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That they do agree to the Bill, intituled, An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of Twelve-pence in the Pound for One Year, for the necessary Defence of their Realms, without any Amendments.

Also, That the Lords have agreed to the Amendments by this House proposed to be made to the Bill for enabling Theodore Bathurst to make a Jointure for his Wife, and to charge Monies on Part of his Estate in Yorkshire.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and sit this Afternoon.

The House being informed, That in the Trunk of Writings which were taken with Mr. Brent, and which now remain before the Committee appointed to examine into the Matter of the Bailing of Mr. Brent, there are several Writings which concern the Estate of Sir Thomas Preston: And that Mr. Preston, a Member of the House, hath Occasion for them:

Ordered, That such Writings as relate to the said Sir Thomas Preston's Estate, be delivered to the said Mr. Preston, by Schedules to be made thereof, to remain with the Chairman of the Committee, and Clerk of the House; and to be forth-coming as the House shall require.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the Cases of Mr. Burton and Mr. Graham, and other Prisoners in the Tower, Neicgate, and Gatehouse-, and other Matters referred to them; be revived; and do sit this Afternoon; and make their Report with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool was referred, be made on Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

The adjourned Debate, touching the Amendments pro-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 21° die Junii; i# Willielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

A BILL to reverse the Attainder of Henry Cornish, Reversing Esquire, late Alderman of the City of London, was Cornish's read the Second time. Attainder.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Clarges,

Lord Falkland, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Reyne, Mr. Ilvlles,

Sir JValtcr Moyle, Mr. Christy, Major Manly, Sir Doyly, Mr. Papillion, Mr Moore, Mr. Frehe, Mr

Mr. Arnold, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Parker, S u John,

Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Newport, Colonel

Mr. Fuller, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir JVm. Poultny, Sir Tho.

Littleton, Major Vincent, Mr. Kendall, Mr. White, Mr.

Williams, Mr. England, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Co-

lonel Birch, and all the Members that serve for the City of London and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Joshua Woodman, Gentleman, was read; pHvilecre

setting forth. That he, hearing that, by Order of the House, a Person in he was to be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms Custody, pe-for Breach of Privilege, in causing the honourable Colonel ^.tl0IIs for Sackvile, a Member of this House, to be served with a lsc arg*"' Subpoena in Chancery, did, in Obedience to the said Order, surrender himself; and, being now in Custody, has tendered his Submission to Colonel Sackrille, and is still ready and willing to make such further Submission as the House shall think fit: And that, at the Time of the Service of the Subpoena, he did not know that Colonel Sack-ville was a Member of Parliament; and, since his Knowledge of the same, there hath not been made any further Prosecution, and praying, that upon such his Submission he may be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered,

Leave of Absence.

Privilege. — a Person in custody petitions for discharge.

Newcastle Court of Conscience.

Privilege — a Person reprimanded and discharged.

Orphans of London.

Conference with Lords.

xW. 3i® — 22° 191

Ordered, That the said Joshua Woodmans Petition do Should make Decrees, or put the whole Broad Seal to any lie upon the Table. thing.

And, upon the Question severally put, That the House Ordered, That Sir John Key have Leave to go into the do agree with the Lords therein;

Country, for a Month. It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir do carry up the Bill

Ordered, That Sir John Dorrell have Leave to go into to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Agreement of the Country for a Week. this House in the Matters aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Gorge have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

A Petition of John Walker, Husbandman, was read; setting forth, That he, beingunder Age, aboutichaelmas last by his Guardian, retained one Crouch, an Attorney, to recover the Possession of a Tenement and Lands in March Baulder in Com. O.von.; who, after that Term, delivered Declarations in Ejectment, for which the Petitioner is in Custody: That the Petitioner was ignorant of the Proceedings, and believes Crouch did not know of Sir John Doyley's being elected for the Convention; and all Proceedings being since stayed; and praying to be dismissed from Attendance.

Ordered, That the said John Walker be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing a Court of Conscience at Newcastle, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in Pr. 4. Line ., by inserting " Court of; " and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for erecting a Court of Conscience at Newcastleupon Tyne.

Ordered, That Mr. Ricker staffe do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Joshua Woodman be discharged out of Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

And he was brought in to the Bar; and, upon his Knees, received the Reprimand of the House from Mr. Speaker.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Methuen;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That the Lords do desire a present free Conference in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to a present free Conference, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the Members that managed the last Conference, do manage this free Conference.

And the Managers went to the free Conference, accordingly.

Sir Wm. Poultny reports from the free Conference, That the Earl of Rochester did chiefly manage for the Lords; and said, That the Lords had agreed to all the Amendments proposed by this House, but Two; viz.

70 Line, the Amendment insisted on by the Commons, not agreed, to.

71 Line, not agreed to leave out the Proviso to the 81 Line.

As to the First, being the Point of Precedency; For that it is (as he insisted) against the Nature of a Commission for any to have Precedency; And, as to the Proviso; For that (as he said) it is not fit One- Commissioner You X.

A Complaintbeing made by Edward Th Esquire, Privilege, a Member of this House, That Colonel Copley, Deputy Governor of Hull, sent for the Post-master there by a File of Musqueteers, and tied him Neck and Heels; and that he seized the Post Letters, and particularly a Letter from the said Mr. Thompson, which had his Name upon it, and opened the same;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter; and report the same to the House.

A Complaint being made to this House, by the Lord Privily*. Fairfax, a Member of the House, That a Servant of his, who he entertained to go over with him into Holland, was Yesterday arrested by one Robert Child, a Bailiff, at the Suit of Malligant Odley, and is still detained by them; although his Lordship sent a Certificate under his Hand and Seal, that the said Person was his Servant; with one to justify, that it was his Hand and Seal, in order to his Discharge;

Ordered, That the said Malligant Odley and Robert Child be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, for such their Breach of the Privilege.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred Blaire’s, to prepare Impeachments against Sir Adam Blaire, Captain Impeach-Vaughan, Captain Mole, and Dr. Grey, be revived; and ment' do sit this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock: And that they, or Five of them, do prepare the same, and make their Report to the House.

Resolved, That an Application be made to his Majesty, ijeutenant of by such of the Members of this House, as are of his DoverCastle, Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, that there may tec. be a Lieutenant of Dover Castle settled: And that the Militia of the Cinque Ports may be put into Order.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Wednesday next, Orphans of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to London, proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for the Relief of the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That the Chamberlain of the City of London do attend this House on Wednesday next, with his Books for the making the Debts to the Orphans appear.

Ordered, That the Cause upon the Petition of Sir John Abingdon Stonehouse Baronet, touching the Election of a Burgess to Election, serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abingdon in the County of Berks, which was appointed to be heard this Afternoon before the Committee of Privileges, and Elections; be put off until Monday next, in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 22® die Junii;

1" Willielmi el Mariae.

Praters.

SIR Robert Dovers reports from the Committee to Chettle's whom the Bill to enable Chettle to sell Lands Estate, to pay his Debts, and make Provision for his Wife and Children, was referred, That the Committee had agreed to make several Amendments to the Bill, which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were

once

Privilege — a Person discharged.

Bristol, &c. Courts of Conscience.

Leave of Absence.

Reversing Cornish's Attainder.

Bearecroft's

Petition.

Ipa 22° Junii. A. 1689*

once read throughout: and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

John Walker, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was brought to the Bar; and, upon his Knees, had the Reprimand of the House from Mr. Speaker.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing Courts of Conscience in the Cities of Bristol and G, was read the Third

time.

And some small Amendments being proposed to be made, they were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table, accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for erecting Courts of Conscience in the Cities of Bristoll and Gloucester, and the Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hillier have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, his Father being ill.

Ordered, That Mr. Boone have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, for his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Houghton have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

Mr. Foley reports from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, for the annulling the Attainder of Hen. Cornish, Esquire, late Alderman of London, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of Fact therein, and found the same to be as in the Bill is set forth; and that thereupon the Committee had agreed to the Bill, without any Amendments.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, for the cancelling or taking off the File, the Proceedings and Records of the said Attainder: Which was thrice read, and agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the said Clause, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House doth agree thereto, with the said Clause; and desire their Concurrence to the said Clause.

A Petition of John Bearecroft, Esquire, Serjeant at Arms to his Majesty King Charles the Second, was offered.

Resolved, That he be called in, to own the same.

And he came in; and owned the same accordingly.

And then withdrew.

The Petition was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, being always zealous for the Protestant Interest, was made Choice of by the Right honourable the late Earl of Manchester, then Lord Chamberlain, and by the then Secretary Morris, to arrest and take into his Custody several Popish Priests and Jesuits, who kept a Mass House and School in Holborne, and perverted many Protestants to the Popish Religion: Which the Petitioner faithfully performed accordingly, took them from the very Altar, and brought them Prisoners to Whitehall; for which he has, ever since, gone in Danger of his Life, and was forced to dispose of his Place at Whitehall, and to abscond himself; and, having but one only Son, did settle what he had on him, that thereby he might receive a competent Maintenance from him during Life: But, the Petitioner escaping the Rage and Fury of those Times, his said only Son was murdered in the Streets by one Narrative Smith, a Popish Priest: and the Petitioner thereupon immediately thrown into the King's Bench Prison, to his utter Ruin, and remained there Prisoner till this most *9

happy Resolution; not doubting then but to have found suffering Men to have been rewarded: But, finding the contrary, and his Petitions being rejected, for any Place Above-stairs in the King’s Houshold, by those who had the disposing of most there, that both knew the Petitioner, and his former Services and Sufferings; and that they openly sold the Places to those that would give most for them; and the Petitioner wanting Bread at this Time; notwithstanding which he was forbid to trouble them any more: And praying, that the House would be pleased to call before them Fleet Sheppard, Simon Smithy and Rich. Cooling, Esquires, that they may give an Account of the many Thousand Guineas they have unjustly got from those now put in his Majesty’s Service; and that the Petitioner may be impowered to bring forth his Witnesses to prove the same.

Resolved, That the Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inquire into the Abuses in the Selling of Offices, and to prepare a Bill or Bills to prevent the Abuses in selling Offices for the future; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Garway, Mr. Lee, Colonel Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Ellxccll, Sir Fran. Drake, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Reynell, Sir Tho. Darcyc, Sir Walter Young, Marquis of Winchester, be added to the Committee.

Ordered, That a Bill of Pardon and Indemnity be brought in, upon the Debate of the House.

And it is referred to the King’s Counsel, Col. Birch, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Bus-carven, Sir H. Goodrich, Sir Win. Poultny, Sir Tho.

Clarges, Mr. Garway, Mr. Dolben, or any Three of them, to prepare the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Paul Foley, Serjeant Mr. Carter, Sir alter Young, Sir Harley, be added to the Committee appointed to prepare Impeachments against Sir Adam Blaire, Captain Vaughan, Captain Mole,

Dr. Elliott, and Dr. Grey: And that the Committee be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Robert Legard;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded to acquaint this House, that they have agreed to the Clause proposed by the Bill for the Annulling of the Attainder of Henry Cornish, Esquire, late Alderman of the City of London.

4nd then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House do, on Monday next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Heads of Exceptions in the Bill of Indemnity.

Ordered, That Sir Boucher Wray have Leave to go into

the Country, for a Month.

Ordered, That the Lord Fit have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, to settle the Militia.

Resolved, That the Bill for rendering the Militia more useful, be now read the First time.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, The Bill be read a Second time on Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill for attainting certain Persons of High Treason, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Birch, Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Rob. Davei’s, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Jepson, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Buckly, Sir Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Sir Barker, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Christy, Mr. Fox, Mr. Coningsby, Mr. Hone, Sir Phil. Mr.

Herbert, Sir Rich. Newdigate, Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Hobby, Sir Fra. Russell, Major Sir Thom.

Darcye, Mr. Solicitor General, Marquis Winchester,

Bill of Indemnity.

Blaire'*, &e. Impeachment.

Reversing

Cornish's

Attainder,

Exception in Rill of Indemnity.

Leave of Absence.

Militia.

Attainting

certain

Persons.

i W. M. 22° — 24* Jmit. 193

- Mr. Montague, Mr. Foley, Sir Roger Cove,

Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Pitts, Colonel Austen, Mr. Vaughan, Mr Williams, Mr. Stretford, Sir Williams,

Col. Tipping, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Smith: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock. And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That they insert into the Bill such other of the Persons who were this Day named in the House, as they shall find Cause.

Royal Assent A Message from the King, by Sir Thomas Duppa, to Bills. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers immediately.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker and the House went to attend his Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Bills following; viz.

An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of Twelve-pence in the Pound for One Year, for the necessary Defence of their Realms.

An Act for enabling Lord Commissioners of the Great Seal to execute the Office of Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper.

An Act for reviving Two former Acts for the Exporting of Leather.

An Act for the Exportation of Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Mum.

An Act to make good a Recovery suffered by the Earl of Peterborough and Lord Mordaunt.

An Act for reversing the Attainder of Henry Cornish, Esquire, late Alderman of the City of London.

An Act to enable Robert to sell Lands, to pay

his Brothers and Sisters Portions; and also to pay Debts.

An Act to enable Theodore Bathurst to make a Jointure for his Wife, and charge Monies on Part of his Estate in Yorkshire.

An Act for the better assuring the Manor of and divers other Lands and Tenements in Silton in the County -of Salop, unto Joseph Soley, Gentleman, and his Heirs.

An Act for the Naturalizing of and others.

Crown Reve- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to nue‘ settle their Majesties Revenue: And it is recommended

to Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Robert and Mr. Hamden, to

take care of the Bill.

Irish Affaire. Sir Thomas Littleton acquaints the House, that he was directed by the Committee, to whom it was referred to inquire into the Miscarriages relating to Ireland and Londonderry, to move the House, That an Application may be made to his Majesty, that the Books and Papers before the Irish Committee, to the First of May last, may be brought to the said Committee.

And a Debate arose thereupon.

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly desired, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That he will please to give Leave, that some Members of this House may inspect the Books of the Privy Council, and the Books of the Irish Committee; and take Copies of all Orders and Instructions therein relating to the affairs.

Resolved, That some Members be appointed to inspect foe Books of the Admiralty, and bring Copies of all Orders and Instructions relating to the Affairs: And it is referred to Colonel Birch, Sir John Guise, Mr.

Mr. Hales, Sir Tho. Littleton, to do it.

Adjourn- The Question being put, That the House do now advent- jouth;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Vol. X.

Teller for the Yeas, } 87.

Tellers fertile Noes, } '43'

So it passed in the Negative.

The House being informed,- That the Earl of Danby, Privilege — a Member of this House, was lately taken into Custody a Member by a Messenger and was since at Liberty; custody*10

Ordered, That Notice be given to the Earl of Danby y'

(a Member of this House) to attend in his Place on Monday Morning next, to give an Account of that Matter.

v

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Regulating regulating Elections is referred, be revived; and do sit Eldons, on Monday next, in the Afternoon.

And then thp House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 24° dieJunii;

i° Willielmi et Maria?.

Prayers.

MR. Christy reports from the Committee, to whom Proceedings it was referred, to examine how and by what Au- «gainstJohn-thority Mr. Samuel Johnson came to be degraded, That 8on' the Committee find the Case to be as followeth; viz.

That in Trinity Term, 2 Jac. Reg.IP* 1 2 3, an Information was exhibited against the said Samuel Johnson, in the King’s Bench, in the Name of Sir Robert Sawyer, the King’s Attorney General, for making, printing, and publishing a' scandalous and seditious Libel, intituled, An humble *

That, the same Term, they forced him to plead; procured a Jury to find him guilty; convicted him; and gave the Judgment following, which was pronounced by Sir Francis Withens;

1. To pay Five hundred Merks to the King, and to lie in the Prison of the King's Bench, till it was paid.

2. To stand in the Pillory Three Days, in Three several Places; viz. the Palace Yard, Charing Cross, and the Old Exchange.

3. To be whipt by the common Hangman from Newgate, to Tyburn. ’

That the Judges of the King’s Bench, who sat then in Court, were the Lord Chief Justice Herbert, Sir Francis Withens, Sir Robert Wright, and Sir Rich.

Holloivay.

That the Sentence was to be executed in November in the next Michaelnuis Term; but they desired that Mr.

Johnson might first be degraded; for that it would be a Scandal to the Clergy, to have so infamous a Punishment inflicted upon a Minister.

Whereupon he, being a Prisoner in the King's Bench, which is in Surry, in the Diocese of the Bishop of Winston, was summoned the Nineteenth Day of November,

1686, to appear the next Day, the Twentieth of November, in the Convocation House of StPaul's, in the Dio* cese of the Bishop of London; he being Rector of Cur-ringham in Essex, within that Diocese. Upon the Twentieth of November a Habeas Corpus was brought to carry him from the King's Bench Prison to the Convocation; where he found the Bishops of Durham, Rochester, and Peterborough, Commissioners to exercise the Authority and Jurisdiction of the Bishop of London, during his Suspension, with some Clergymen, and many Spectators; and a Libel exhibited against him by one Godfrey Lee, a Proctor, dated that Day, charging him of being guilty of great Misbehaviours; but specified none, nor proved any; and only referred to a Record before the King’s Temporal Judges.

That Mr. Johnson demanded a Copy of the Libel, and an Advocate; both which the Bishops denied him; but proceeded immediately to sentence him: W hich was, '

3 C 1. That

*94

4° JuniL

A \ 1689*

Proceeding! against . lohnsoa.

1. That he Should bo declared an infamous Person

a. That he Should be deprived of his Rectory of Cur-

ringham in Esse.r.

3. That he Should he a mere Layman, and no Clerk; and deprived, of all Right and Privilege of Priesthood.

4. That he Should be degraded thereof, and of all Vestments and Habits of Priesthood.

5. That he Should undergo the Punishments aforesaid.

Against which Proceedings Mr. Johnson protested, as

being against Law, and the 13 a4 Canon, not being done by the Bishop of London, his own Diocesan; but they refused his Protestation.

That then he appealed to the King in Chancery; but they refused to admit ,his Appeal.

And immediately they proceeded to execute the said Sentence, and to degrade him by putting ou his Head a Square Cap. and then taking off again; then they pulled off his Gown, then his Girdle, which he demanded as his proper Goods, bought with his Money, which they promised to send; but they cost him Twenty Shillings to have them again. After all, they put a Bible into his Hand; which he would not part with, but they took it from him by Force. All this was done, the Libel, Sentence, and Execution of it, in Three Hours Space, on Saturday the Twentieth of November, having decreed summarily, as they did.

That, on Monday after, viz. Two-and-twentieth of November, the Judgment in the King’s Bench were executed with great Rigour and Cruelty, the Whipping being with a Whip of Nine Cords, knotted, shewed to the Committee; and that Mr. Route the Under Sheriff tore off his Cassock upon the Pillory and put a Frize Coat upon him.

That Mr. Johnson's Wife had also an Information exhibited against her in the King’s Bench, for the like Matter as that against her Husband.

Whereupon the Committee came to the Resolutions following: Which the said Mr. Christy read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That the Judgment against Mr. Johnson in the King’s Bench was illegal and cruel.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Ecclesiastical Commission was illegal; and that, consequently, the Suspension of the Bishop of London, and the Authority committed to the aforesaid Three Bishops, was null and illegal.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Johnson not being sentenced, deprived, and degraded, by the Bishop of London (if he had deserved the same), was illegal.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That a Bill be brought in to reverse the Judgment in the King’s Bench, and to declare all the Proceedings before the Three Bishops to be illegal, null, and void.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Address may be made to his Majesty, to recommend Mr. Johnson to his Majesty’s Favour, for some Ecclesiastical Preferment suitable to his Services and Sufferings.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved That the House doth agree with the Committee, that the Judgment against Mr. Johnson, in the King’s Bench was illegal and crueL

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Ecclesiastical Commission was; illegal; and that, consequently, the Suspension of the Bishop of London, and the Authority committed to the aforesaid Three Bishops, was null and illegal.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Mr. Johnson not being sentenced, deprived,

and degraded by the Bishop of London, (if he had deserved the same; was illegal.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in to reverse the Judgment in the King’s Bench; and to declare all the Proceedings before the Three Bishops to be illegal, null, and void.

The Fifth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That an Address be made to his Majesty, to recommend Mr. Johnson to his Majesty’s Favour, for some Ecclesiastical Preferment Suitable to his Services and Suffering.

Resolved, That, in the said Bill, the Proceedings upon the said Ecclesiastical Commission be declared void.

Resolved, That Mr. Sam.Johnson be recommended to

his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, for some Ecclesiastical Preferment in respect of his great Sufferings.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Rivers IVye and Lugg, in the County of Hereford, navigable, That the Committee had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill, and several Clauses to be added to it: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Reading the Report at the Table be adjourned till Thursday Morning next, the First Business.

Resolved, That the House do hereafter sit every Morning, at Eight of the Clock; and proceed upon publick Business.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration a Way to relieve the Protestants.

And a Motion being made, and a Question being put, That Mr. Forster have Leave to go into the Country for a Month;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Lord Cootand Sir Tredenham

be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of the Irish Clergy, is referred.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for attainting certain Persons, is referred, That they prepare and bring in a Clause for the immediate Seizing the Estates of such Persons, who are, or shall be proved to be, in Arms with the late King James-in Ireland\or in his Service in France.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in the Two Universities the Presentations to Benefices belonging to Papists, be now read the Second time.

The Bill was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clarges, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Sir Tho. Pope

Blunt, Mr. Sacheverill, Sir Rob. Havers, Serjeant Trcn-chard. Sir Dune. Colchester, Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Gxcyn, Mr. Done, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Forster, Lord Mr. Roberts, Mr . Boscawen, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir John Doyly, Mr. Parker, Mr. Manw Sir Joseph Treden-

ham, Sir Ralph Carre, Sir ChCcesar, Sir Tho. diston, Sir Christ. Musgrave, Mr. Fox, Sir Jonathan Jennings, Sir Fra, Russell, Sir John Key, Mr. Foley, Mr. Williams, Mr. Garway, and all the Members that are 14 of

Wye, &c. Navigation,

Public Business.

Leave of ALsuae.

Irish Protestants.

Leave of Absence.

Irish Clergy.

Attainting several Persons.

Papists Benefices.

Blaire'i, lee.

Impeach*

incut.

i W. & M.

24* yunii.

*95

of the Long Robe, and that serve for the Two Universities: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber. And it is to be Instructions to the Committee, That they take care to bring in a Clause against fraudulent Conveyances of Advowsons, and Right of Presenting; and also, that Persons presented may be resident

Mr. Attorney General reports from the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare Impeachments against Sir Adam Blaire, Captain Vaughan, Captain Mole, Dr.

Elliott, and Doctor Grey, That they had prepared and agreed upon an Impeachment, accordingly: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth;

Articles of Impeachment of High Treason, and other high Crimes and Offences, against Sir Adam Blaire, Captain Henry Vaughan, Captain Frederick Mole, John Elliott Doctor in Physick, and Robert Gray Doctor in Physick;

WHEREAS King James the Second having abdicated the Government; and their Majesties King William and Queen Mary having, on the Thirteenth Day of February, in the Year of our Lord 1688, accepted the Crown and Royal Dignity of this Kingdom, according to the Resolution and Desire of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, now assembled in Parliament; their said Majesties did become, were, are, and of Right ought to be, by the Laws of this Realm, our Sovereign Liege Lord and Lady, King and Queen of England, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, in and to whose Princely Persons the Royal State, Crown and Dignity of this Realm, with all Honours, Styles, Titles, Regalities, Prerogatives, Powers, Jurisdictions, and Authorities, to the same belonging and appertaining, were and are most fully, rightfully and intirely, invested and incorporated, united and annexed; and their said Majesties have been solemnly and publickly crowned, according to Law, and the laudable Customs of this Realm: And whereas, in and upon their Majesties Preservation and Government, the Unity, Peace, Tranquillity, and Safety, of this Nation, doth, under God, consist and depend: Nevertheless Sir Adam Blaire, Captain Henry Vaughan, Captain Frederick Mole, John Elliot Doctor in Physick* and Robert Grey Doctor in Physick, being Subjects of their Majesties, together with divers others their Complices and Confederates, wholly withdrawing the Faith, and due Allegiance, which true and faithful Subjects Should, and of Right ought to bear to their Majesties, as false Traitors to their Majesties, and this Realm, did, upon the Tenth Day of June, in the Year of our Lord 1689, and at divers other Times, most wickedly and traiterously design, contrive, agree, conspire, resolve, and, to the utmost of their Power, endeavour to disturb and destroy the said Peace and common Tranquillity enjoyed within this Realm; and to move, make, raise, and levy War, Rebellion, and Insurrection, within the same; and to persuade, induce, and incite their Majesties Subjects to abett and assist them therein; and to deprive and dew pose their Majesties of and from their Royal State, Title, Crown and Dignity; and to subvert the Government of this Kingdom, so happily preserved and settled by and) under their Majesties: And to that end they did traiterously assemble themselves, meet, and consult; concerning the most proper Means to be used, to execute andaccom-plish the aforesaid wicked and traitorous Designs: And, in pursuance of the same, and for the Purposes aforesaid, they did traiterously hold, maintain, set forth, declare, and publish, That their Majesties were Usurpers.; and that the said late King James the Second did continue lawful and rightful King of this Realm; and did attribute to him the Honours, Styles, Titles, Regalities, Prerogatives, Powers, Jurisdictions, and Authorities, be-lpnging and appertaining to the Imperial Crown, of the same: And; to compass, fulfil, complete, and bring, to Vol. X,

Effect, their said Treason, and wicked Purposes, they did traiterously, maliciously, and advisedly, contrive, make and procure, and cause to be made and procured, a certain detestable and traiterous Libel, purporting a Declaration of the said late King, by and under the Name of King. James the Second; in which Label it i8 contained, expressed and declared, as followeth; viz.

A Declaration of his most Sacred Majesty King James the Second, to all his loving Subjects in the Kingdom of England;

James R.

ALTHOUGH the tnany Calumnies, and dismal Stories, by which Our Enemies have endeavoured to render Us and Our Government odious to the World, do now appear to have been advanced by them, not only without any Ground, but against their own certain Know-lege, as is evident by their not daring to attempt the proving these Charges to the World, which We cannot but hope hath opened the Eyes of our good Subjects, to see how they have been imposed upon; by designing Men; who, to promote their own ambitious Ends, care not what Slavery they reduce our Kingdom to; yet We cannot but rejoice, that We have had an Opportunity, to demonstrate the Falseness and Malice of their Pretences since Our Arrival in this Our Kingdom of Ireland, by making it Our chief Concern to satisfy the Minds of Our Protestant Subjects, the Defence of their Religion, Privileges, and Properties, is equally Our Care, with the Recovery of Our Rights. To this End We have preferred such of them, of whose Loyalty and Affection We are satisfied, to Places both of the highest Honour and Trust about Our Person, as well as in Our Army 1 We have, by granting Our Royal Protection to such whose Minds were shaken by the Arts of Our rebellious Subjects, dispelled their Apprehensions, and effectually secured them against the Attempts even of their private Enemies: Our Ear hath been always open to their just Complaints: And so far hath Our Royal Mercy been extended to those, who were in Arms against us, that We have actually pardoned several Hundreds of them and most notorious Criminals are kept in an easy Confinement, as they themselves acknowledge: We have taken care, that our Subjects of the Church of England be not disturbed in the Exercise of their Religion, the Possession of their Benefices, and other Properties; and all Protestant Dissenters enjoy Liberty of their Consciences, without any Molestation: And, out of Our Royal Care for the Prosperity of Our People, We have recommended to Our Parliament, as the First Thing necessary to be dispatched, to settle such a Security and Liberty, both in Spiritual and Temporal Matters, as may put an End to those Divisions, which have been the Source of all Our Miseries; being resolved, as much as in Us lies, to entail Liberty and Happiness upon Our People, so far as to put it out of the Power of Our Successors to invade the one* or infringe the other: And this, We take God to Witness was always, Our Design; of which We see our good Subjects here are more ana more convinced, by the great Numbers of those, who, having been seduced or frighted by the restless Importunities of Our Enemies; are returned to their Country and Habitations, and who assure Us, more would follow if the Ports were open: But the Usurpers know too well the Sincerity of Our Intentions* to permit a free Passage of Our said Subjects; fearing nothing more, than that their Experience Should undeceive the rest, who are restrained more through Ignorance than any ill Intention; and therefore deny them that Liberty, which we afford to all those, whose Designs, We are satisfied, tend not to the Disturbimoe of the Peace. By this Our Gracious, and Royal Care of Our Protestant! Subjects here, where the greatest Part of Our Nation is Catholick, and have, as well as We, received their highest Provocation from their Fellow Subjects of contrary Persuasions (so that nothing but Our own Inclination to Justice, and Desire to see Our People flourish, could move Us to such a Proceeding), We hope our Subjects in England willmake a Judgment of what they may expect from Us: And We do here by promise and declare, That nothing

Preventing Export of Wool.

Exceptions in Bill of Indemnity.

Privilege — a Member taken into custody.

i p6 44° — 25 A. 1689.

shall fevef alter Our Resolutions to pursue such; and no other Methods, as by Our said Subjects in Parliament shall be found proper for our common Security, Peace, and Happiness; And that none may be debarred of assisting Us in recovering of Our Rights, and redeeming Our People from their present Slavery, out of any Apprehension from past Miscarriages, We do hereby assure all Our Subjects, of what Quality soever, let their Crimes against Us be never so great, That if, in Twenty Days after our Appearance in Person in our Kingdom of England, they return to their Obedience, by deserting Our Enemies, and joining with Us, We will grant them Our full Pardon; and all past Miscarriages shall be forgot; so little do We delight in the Blood or Ruin of Our People: But if, after this Our gracious Condescension, they shall yet continue to assist Our Enemies and Rebels, We do, before God, charge all the Blood, which shall be afterwards shed, upon them and their Adherents: And We doubt not, by the Blessing of God upon our Arms, to force the most obstinate to their Duty; though, as We have made appear, in reducing our rebellious Subjects in this Kingdom, We desire to use no other than Lenity and Mercy.

Given at our Court in Dublin Castle, the Eighth Day of May 1689, in the Fifth Year of our Reign.

God save the KIN G.

And they did conceal the said Libel from their Majesties, their Magistrates, and Ministers of Justice; and the same did traiterously print, publish, and disperse, and did cause to be printed, published, and dispersed, to and amongst divers of their Majesties Subjects: And this was most maliciously contrived, prosecuted and done, whilst their Majesties were engaged in a just and necessary War, for the Defence of this Kingdom, against the French King, and in the suppressing a Rebellion, procured, supported, and carried on, by the Means and for the Interest of the said French King, against their Majesties, in their Kingdom of Ireland. All which Treasons, Crimes, and Offences above mentioned, were contrived, committed, perpetrated, acted, and done, by the said Sir Adam Blair, Henry Vaughan, Frederick Mole, John Elliott, and Robert Gray, and their Complices, against our Sovereign Lord and Lady the King and Queen, their Crown and Dignity, and against the Laws of this Kingdom. Of all which Treasons, Crimes, Offences, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, do, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of England, impeach the said Sir Adam Blare, Henry Vaughan, Frederick Mole, John Elliot, and Robert Gray, and every of them. And the said Commons, by Protestation, saving to ’themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any times hereafter, any other Accusations or Impeachments against the said Sir Adam Blaire, Henry Vaughan, Frederick Mole, John Elliot, and Robert Gray, and every of them; and also of replying to the Answers, which they, and every of them, shall make to the Premises, or any of them, or to any other Accusation or Impeachment which shall be by them exhibited (as the Cause, according to Course and Proceedings of Parliament, shall require); do pray, That the said Sir Adam Blaire, Henry Vaughan, Frederick Mole, John Elliot, and Robert Grey, and every of them, be put to answer all and every the Premises; and that such Proceedings, Examinations, Trials and Judgments, may be, upon them, and every of them, had and used, as shall be agreeable to Law and Justice, and Course of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Impeachment be ingrossed.'

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool is referred, be made upon W Morning next, the First Business.

Then the Order for proceeding upon the Consideration of the Heads of Exceptions in the Bill of Indemnity, was read.

Also the Order for the Earl of s appearing in

hia Place, was read.

And accordingly he did appear; and informed the House, That, if he had conceived any of the Privileges of the House had been broken as to him, he Should have taken Notice of it; but that lie did not conceive himself to be in Custody.

And the House being informed, that Sir John Guise, a Member of the House, could give an Account of the Matter;

He was called upon so to do: And accordingly he informed that House, That he meeting with Evans the Messenger; and inquiring by what Authority he apprehended the Earl of Danby‘, he shewed him a Warrant under the Earl of Nottingham's Hand for that Purpose, for Suspicion of Treason, or treasonable Practices.

Ordered, That Evans, the Messenger, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, and bring with him the Warrant signed by the Earl of Nottingham, for the apprehending the Earl of Danby, a Member of this House.

Then the House proceeded in the Consideration of the First Head of Exceptions in the Bill of Indemnity.

Resolved, That no more Persons be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity upon this Head.

Then the Second Head of Exceptions was read.

Resolved, That the House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the other Business appointed for the Dav, proceed in the further Consideration of the Heads of Exceptions in the Bill of Indemnity.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ’ Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 25° die Junii; i* Willielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

MR. Papillion acquaints the House, That he had

Direction from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider how a Provision may be made for such Seamen as are or shall be wounded in their Majesties Service, and for the Wives and Children of such as are or shall be slain therein, to move the House, That the Order may also extend to such Seamen, as are or shall be wounded or slain in Merchants Ships.

Resolved, That the said Order do extend to such Seamen as are or shall be wounded or slain in Merchants Ships, as well as to those in their Majesties Service.

Mr. Christy reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting Courts of Conscience in the City of Westminster, Borough of SouTower Hamlets, and Out Parishes, was referred, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of the Lady Russell was read; setting forth. That she is seised of the Manors of Bloomsbcrrye and St. Giles, of a large Extent, the Profits and Privileges whereof will be destroyed by the Bill depending, for erecting a Court of Conscience within the Precincts of her said Manors; and praying to be heard by Counsel to the Matters aforesaid.

A Petition of Thomas Pretyman, Nicolas Donning, and Edm.Towse; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, for some Years past, been at great Expences in endeavouring an Act for a Court of Conscience in Southwarke, Wzst-minster, the Tower Hamlets, and the other Out Parishes in Middlesex; and brought in a Bill in the last Parliament for that Purpose; and paid the Fees for a Second Reading; but, by reason of the sudden Adjournment, Prorogation, and Dissolution of the same, were prevented in perfecting it: That the Petitioners have brought in another Bill for the aforesaid Purpose; and, before its Second Reading, paid in the full Fees of all the Divisions, and all other incident Charges; And that, the Bill being likely

to

Exceptions in Bill of Indemnity.

Wounded

Seamen.

Westminster, &c. Courts of Conscience.

Privilege — taking a Member into custody.

Leave of

Absence.

Militia.

iWJM.

6 <y

25 juntu

to take Effect, there are several Persons unknown to the Petitioners, pretending to have all the Places that shall belong to the Courts, though never at One Peny Expence, nor any Attendance in its Prosecution: And hoping no other Person shall be preferred before the Petitioners; but that they, in Recompence of their Industry and Expence, may have their Names inserted as Registers and Clerks, with the Powers thereto, in Three of the abovesaid Divisions.

Resolved, That the Reading the said Report be adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

The House being informed, that # Evans, the Messenger, attended, according to the Order of Yesterday;

He was called in: And, being asked, Whether he did take the Earl of Dauby into Custody, and by what Warrant; he acquainted the House, That he having the Earl of Nottingham's Warrant to apprehend Os-

bourne, Esquire, commonly called Earl of Dauby, he did goto the Earl of Dauby, and acquainted him therewith, and that the Earl of Nottingham desired to speak with him: And that the Earl of Dauby went with him, accordingly.

And then the said Evans delivered in the Warrant; and then withdrew.

Then the Warrant was read, dated at Whitehall, the Twentieth of June, 1689, signed and is as

followeth;

DANIEL Earl of Nottingham, Baron Finch of Da-ventry, One of the Lords of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, and Principal Secretary of State, §c. These are, in his Majesty’s Name, to authorize and require you forthwith to make strict and diligent Search for Peregrine Osbourne, Esquire, commonly called Earl of Dauby; and, him having found, you are to apprehend on Suspicion of High Treason, or treasonable Practices, and to bring him in safe Custody before me, to be examined concerning such Matters as shall be objected against him relating to the Premises, and to be further dealt with according to Law: And, in the due Execution hereof, all Mayors, Justices of the Peace, Constables, and all other his Majesty’s Officers Civil and Military, and loving Subjects, whom it may concern, are to be assisting to you, as there may be Occasion. And, for so doing, this shall be your Warrant. Given at the Court at Whitehall, the Twentieth Day of June, 1689.

NOTTINGHAM.

To Thomas Beahe, One of the Messengers of his Majesty’s Chamber in Ordinary; or any other of his Majesty's Messengers in Ordinary.

Resolved, That Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Thomas Clarges, and Sir Jos.Tredenham, do attend the Earl of Nottingham;

to know of him, upon what Ground or Information he issued out the Warrant against the Earl of Dauby: And that it be Instructions to them to inquire, Whether That be his Lordship’s Warrant; and what was the Information upon which the said Warrant was granted; and by whom jt was given; and whether it were taken in Writing, and upon Oath; and what were the Reasons that moved him to release him; and whether he were released upon Bail, or not

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Blachet, who is High Sheriff of the County of Northumberland, have Leave to go into the Country, for Six Weeks.

Resolved, That the Bill for rendering the Militia more useful, be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House do, on Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the first Business, to consider of the said Bill.

The House was informed,' that the Sheriffs of London - Vol. X.

and Common Serjeant attended at the Door, to present a Petition from Petition to the House: City of Lon-

Resolved, That they be called in of Vrotestant

And they were called in, accordingly: And at the Bar Dissenters. Mr. Common Serjeant said, That they were directed by the Common Hall Yesterday assembled at the GuildhaUi to present a Petition to this House: And delivered in the same accordingly.

And then they withdrew.

But the Petition being not signed by any Person;

Resolved, That the Petition be sent out to the Sheriffs and Common Serjeant: And that they be acquainted,

That it cannot be read, until it be signed.

And it was sent out to them; and they were acquainted accordingly.

Afterw’ards, this House being informed; that the Petition was signed; and that the Sheriffs and Common Serjeant attended to present the same again 5

Resolved, That they be called in.

Accordingly they came in, and presented the said Petition again; Mr. Common Serjeant acquainting the House;

That the Sheriffs and He had signed it: That the Sheriffs and He were ordered by the Common Hall to present the said Petition to this House.

And then they withdrew.

Then the Subscription by them was read; and is as followeth; viz.

aWe the Sheriffs of the City of London and County of Middlesex, with the Common Serjeant, were Yesterday ordered by the Citizens of London, in Common Hall assembled, to present to the honourable House of Commons this Petition, 25th June, 1689."

" Humphry Edwin, John Fleet, Henry Crispe."

And a Debate arising in the House, Whether the Peti-' tien Should be read, as thus signed;

The Question was put, That the said Petition, as now signed,' shall be now read:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {

9 I oir Jonathan Jennings, J

Tellers for the Noes, { ^Trdenlum, j

So it passed in the Affirmative.

The Petition was read; being the Petition of the Citizens of London in the Common Hall assembled; and setting forth, That the Body Representative of the City of London, in the Common Hall assembled for the Choice of Sheriffs, cannot but with all Thankfulness acknowledge, upon this Occasion, the infinite Mercy of Almighty God in his gifts of heroickCourage and excellentConduct to his now Majesty, and Wisdom and Counsel toyour Honours; whereby the Petitioners Right to elect the Chief Magistrates freely and quietly hath been wonderfully preserved, all their Liberties, and the very Being of Justice, Peace and Prosperity, in the City, depending thereupon. That, by the gracious Influence of Divine Providence, this City is become very powerful, and a strong Bulwark for the Defence of the Protestant Interest, and the Security and Quiet of his now Majesty and the Kingdom, if an universal Amity and Unity be preserved amongst the Protestant Citizens, who do equally and perfectly renounce and detest all Communion whatsoever with the Papacy and the Roman Church; and do adhere only to the Authority of the Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testament; the principal Danger impending over our English Church and State, being from the Politick Popish Designs, to divide the Protestants, as they did heretofore in the Beginning of the Reformation; whereby they first subdued and destroyed the Calvinists', and then, with the like bloodthirsty Cruelty, suppressed the Lutherans, whom they had deluded to help them in the Destruction of their Protestant Brethren: And praying the ancient Right of the City, freely to elect their Sheriffs and other Magistrates, may be vindicated from all r Invasions and Questions concerning it: And, for that Purpose, that the Bill for restoring Corporations to their Rights and Privileges may be perfected, as the weighty

3 D Affairs

147.

Committees.

Chettle’s

Estate.

Woollen Manufacture.

Preventing Export of Wool

Leave of Absence.

Hereford

Election.

198 £$° — 26° juti'tu 1689.

Affairs of the House will permit. And, in regard of the present dangerous Conspiracy of the Papists and their Accomplices against the Protestant Religion, our King and Government; and the Invasion threatened by the Trench King, whereby the united Force of all the Protestants is apparently necessary; they pray that our most gracious King may be freed from all Restraints of using his Protestant Subjects indifferently, in his Military or Civil Services, according to their several Qualities and Abilities, wherewith God Almighty, Nature, Education, and Experience have endowed them, to that very End, that they might be useful to their King and Country, and therein serve God in their Generation.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Voters, and Friends; and his Voters were assaulted^ wounded, threatened, and discouraged, by the Mayor and Town Clerk his Father, in Favour of his Competitor, at the time when they came to give their Votes for the Petitioner, and at several times before; terrifying them, that they would ruin them, and make the Town too hot for them: And that many Persons were secretly and unduly sworn, and made free, in Alehouses, to vote against the Petitioner, no way qualified for their Freedom; and did vote, with many unqualified Persons, against the Petitioner: By which undue Means and Practices of the Mayor, Town Clerk, and other Agents of Mr. Comaiall, the said Henry Comcwall is returned to serve in this present Parliament; though the Petitioner is duly elected by the Majority of the Electors, and ought to have been returned: And praying Relief therein;

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mercurii, 26" die Junii; i* Gulielmi et Alariae.

Praters.

ABIL L to enable Thomas Chettlc, Esquire to sell Part of his Estate to pay his Debts, and make Provision for his Wife and Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act to enable Thomas Chettle, Esquire, to sell Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Dovers do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Bill for encouraging the Woollen Manufacture, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee appointed to inquire into the fall of Rents: And that Mr. Ellwell, Mr. Reynell, Sir Major

Vincent, Sir John Doyley, Mr. Herbert,

Young, Sir Robert Davers, be added to the Committee: And all that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock.

Air. Herbert acquaints the House, That he was direct- Navy of ed by the Committee, to whom the Address sent down Holland, from the Lords was referred, to move the House, That, to enable them to compleat their Report thereupon, it will be necessary for them to be informed, what Number of Ships and Guns the State of Holland have, or are obliged to set forth for this Summer’s Expedition against France, in Conjunction with his Majesty’s Navy.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That he will be pleased to acquaint this House, what Number of Ships, and what Number of Men and Guns to each Ship, the States of the United Provinces have set forth, and are obliged to set forth, for this Summer’s Expedition, in Conjunction with his Majesty’s Fleet.

The Impeachment, ingrossed, against Sir AdamBlaire, Blaire’s, tee. Captain Vaughaiu Captain Mole, Dr. Elliot, and Dr.

Grey, was read. menu

Resolved, That the said Impeachment be delivered at the Bar of the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Colonel Birch, do carry up the said Impeachment to the Lords.

Sir Henry Goodrick reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool was referred, That the Committee had agreed to make several Amendments in the Bill: Which he read in hi* Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the Question being put, That the Report be read;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendments were read the First time throughout: And,

A Debate arising thereupon,

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed: And that the Committee do meet this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Bigland have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, Sir That Thomas Yarborough have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

A Petition of Edward Gwyn, Esquire was read; setting forth, Tha^ the Eleventh of June, 1689, being appointed for the Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Hereford, the Petitioner, and Henry Comewall, Esquire, were Competitors for the Election: the Petitioner, having the Majority of the Votes of the Electors, was violently assaulted the Morning of the Election, and in open Court that Day, by his Competitor’s Agents, and Party, in Favour of him: And that several Swords were drawn by them against the Petitioner, his

14

Ordered, That Sir John Knight have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Friday Morning Bill of next, proceed in the further Consideration of the Heads lndeuinlti’* of Exceptions in the Bill of Indemnity: And that they do proceed de die in diem thereupon; until the same be finished.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee, to Orphans of proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for Re- London, lief of the Orphans of the City of London.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Grey reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee, to move the House, That the Committee may sit again on Saturday next.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Saturday Alorning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Clause pro- Rights of the posed by the Lords to be added to the Bill for declaring Subject, and the Rights of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the ^tllin8th® Crown, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow in the After- rowB* noon, at Four of the Clock: And that Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Carter, Mr. Grey, be added to the Committee:

Awfr

1

Multiplying Gold and Silver*

Privilege — a Person in custody petitions for Discharge.

Wye, &c. Navigation*

Debtors*

Relief.

Militia*

Leave for Member to atijaJ Lords.

jHvilege — taking a Member into custody.

i W. & M. z6a — 270 — i8° Junii. 199

And that any Three of the Committee do proceed, and And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow make their Report: And it is recommended to Sir The- Morning, Eight of the Clock.

1nas Lee to take care therein.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Eight of the Clock. Veneris, 28* die Junii;

' ~ i* Willekni et Manse.

Jovisy 27" die Junii; l* Willielmi et Mari®.

PRAYERS*

A BILL to repeal the Statute of 5*Henrici VI'1, against the Multiplying of Gold and Silver, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Walter Moyle, Major Vincent, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Grey, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Roberts, Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Co!man, Sir Mr. Blawfeild, Mr. Montague, Mr. Mr. Game,

Rowland Babins ton, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Lassells, Sir iVm.Cooke, Mr. Harly, Sir

and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Derby, and York, and the Principality of

Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Milicent Oddley was read; setting forth. That she was in Custody for causing one Gregory to be arrested, in regard he is a Servant to the Lord Fairfax; That the said Gregory was Tenant to the Petitioner, who has nothing to live on but her said Relit; and she arrested him for his Relit behind, having lived in her House about Five or Six Years: That he was a Surgeon; and not known to be his Lordship’s Servant, nor did ever see his Lordship’s Certificate; but as soon as she heard of the Protection did nevertheless discharge the said Gregory: And she having (as hopeth) satisfied the Lord Fairfax; and begging the Pardon of the House; and praying to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That Milicent Oddley be discharged out of Custody, paying her Fees.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, in the County of Hereford, navigable, be made on Wednesday Morning next, the first Business.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, is referred, be made on Thursday Morning, the first Business.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for rendering the Militia more useful.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; but that they had not Time to go through the same at present.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend the Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Popham and Bampfeild.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, in- Droitwich tituled, An Act for the better Regulating of the Salt-works. Salt-works at Droithwich, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That Counsel both for and against the Bill be heard at the Bar of this House-upon Tuesday Morning next, the first Business.

A Complaint being made to the House, That the Ser- Serjeant at jeant at Arms attending the House demands and takes Ann 8 Fees* Fees of Persons, for Counsels attending Committees:

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, to examine what Fees are due to the Officers of the House, and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Grey, Colonel Birch, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Dalben, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Gwyn,

Mr. Phil. Foley, Mr. Done, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Fenwick,

Sir John Ernly, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Rich.

Major Vincent, Mr. Sand ford, Sir Rich. Hart. Col.

Berkly, Sir John Doyley, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Mannoton, Sir John Wynn, Sir Cha.RaleigMr. England,

Sir John Carey, Mr. Bickerstaffe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Done reports from the Committee, to whom the Army Petition of the Officers, Inn-keepers, and Clothiers, 8$c. Arrears that served, quartered, and cloathed the Army raised by an Act of Parliament in 1677, and disbanded by another Act in 1679, was referred, and to state the Matter to the House, That the Committee had examined into the Matter accordingly; and agreed upon a Report, which they had directed him to make to the House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That the Report do lie upon the Table, to be read and considered at a Time convenient for that Purpose.

A Bill concerning Bankrupts, was read the Second time. Bankrupts* Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Papillion,

Mr. Ellwell, Mr. Dalben, Sir Rich. Sir Rob.

Davers, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Major Mr.

Done, Mr. Blawfeild, Sir John Doyly, Mr. Parker, Sir John Cary, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Jepson, Sir Matth. Andrewes, SirTho.Dyke, Mr. Grey,

Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Patience Ward, Mr. Pollexfen, Lord Falkland, Mr. Fuller, Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Sand ford: And all the Members that serve for the City of London; and all that come, to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Prohibiting Trade with

wcw ICOU U1C Allot Wlllt. p

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Mon- rance" day Morning next, the first Business.

A Bill for preventing the Importation of French Goods,

Sir Thomas Clargis reports, That he and Sir Joseph Tredenham, and Mr. Sacheverell, had, according to the Order of the House, attended the Earl of Nottingham; and taken his Lordship’s Answer, as he was pleased to

S’ve the same, to the several Questions directed by the ouse; the which they put into Writing: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That the said Report do lie upon the Table tilL Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. X.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. Hobart have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for a Month. Absence.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning, Irish take into Consideration a Way for Relief of the Irish FrotMtants* Protestants.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more easy Recovery of Recovery of small Tythes, be read the Third time Tomorrow Mom- Tythes. ing, the first Business.

Then

fcxceptions in Bill of Indemnity.

Privilegt — taking a Member into Custody.

Message to attend the King.

200

28

A. 1689.

Then the Order for Proceeding in the further Consideration of the Heads of Exceptions in the Bill of Indemnity, was read.

And also the Order touching fthe Report upon the Attendance on the Earl of Nottingham.

Resolved, That the said Report be now read.'

The Report was read, and is as followeth; viz.

The Question proposed by My Answer to these Ques-the Members of the House tiens.

of Commons.

it be

my

1. Whether Warrant?

2. What was the Information upon which it was granted

1. Yes.

i. Upon Friday last in the Afternoon, I was informed, from a very good Hand, that my Lord Da/iby had fitted a Small Vessel to Sea; and put Arms on board her, upon some Design unknown everf to his nearest Relations, and‘without any Commission authorizing him so to do; and that a Wherry was ready, by his Appointment, at the Water-side, to carry him away.

3. By whom was the Information given

4. Whether the Information was taken upon Oath and in Writing?

3. The Lord President.

4. Not upon Oath; for besides that there was not Time nor Opportunity for it, I acknowledge I did not apprehend it was necessary, the late Act supplying the Want of an Oath; and in this I hope I am not mistaken: Nor was the Information in Writing otherwise than as I set down myself, for my own Memory and Justification.

5. What were the Rea- 5. Upon Examination of

sons that moved you to re- my Lord , he gave

lease him? me this Account, That it

was true there was a Vessel

fitted by him, but it was no other than that which had been formerly his own Yacht; and there were Arms on board of her, but they were the same, and no more than what had been put there some time ago: That there was a Boat ready tQ carry him to the Yacht; but that, as he had heretofore made use of her for his Diversion, «o he intended to do now, without any Design that was in the least criminal.

This seemed to me so very ingenuous a Relation, that comparing it with other Circumstances, and considering his Behaviour in contributing to our present Establishment, I could do no less than immediately discharge him; which is an Answer also to the Sixth Question; viz.

6. Whether he was re- 6. That he was released

leased upon Bail ? without Bail; though indeed

he gave me his Word and Honour to appear, ifjhere Should be occasion to summon.

Resolved, That the granting the Warrant now produced to arrest the Earl of Danby, a Member of this House, and the taking him into Custody by virtue of that Warrant, is a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Then the House taking Notice that the Warrant issued forth by the Earl of Nottingham, for the Apprehending the Earl of Danby, was dated the Twentieth of this Instant June, which was Thursday; and that the Earl of Nottingham, in his Answer to the Questions proposed to him relating to the said Warrant, says, That the Information against the said Earl of Danby was given him on Friday last.

Ordered, That the said Members of the House, that before attended the Earl of Nottingham, do again attend his Lordship, and desire to know of him the Time when he received the said Information.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker and the House went to attend his Majesty: And being retunied,

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That his Majesty was pleused to make a Speech to both Houses, which w as of some Length; and that the Noise in the House of Peers was great, so that he could not hear the same distinctly; And that therefore he had desired and obtained a Copy thereof: Which he read, and is as followeth:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

THE Time of the Year being so far advanced, and The Kins’* there being several Acts yet to be passed for the Safety Speech, and Settlement of the Nation, I desire you would expedite them as soon as you can, it being necessary there Should shortly be a Recess, both that I may be at Liberty to pursue the Business of Ireland with all possible Vigour, and that the Members of both Houses may repair to their several Counties, to secure the Peace, and to put the Militia into some better Posture.

I am very sensible of the Zeal and good Affection, which you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, have shew ed to the Publick in giving those Supplies you have done already; and I do not doubt, but, from the same Inducements, you will be ready to give more as the Occasions require; which, I must let you know, will be sooner perhaps than you may expect, because the necessary Expence of this Year will much exceed the Sums you have yet provided for it And, that you may make the truer Judgment in that Matter, I am very willing you Should see how all the Monies have been hitherto laid out: And to that End I have commanded those Accounts to be speedily brought to you; by w’hich you will see how very little of the Revenue has been applied to any other Use, than that of the Navy and the Land Forces.

I must remind you of making an effectual and timely Provision of the Money for the States of Holland; and I doubt not but you will take care to see a fitting Revenue settled for Myself. x

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I will add no more, but to recommend earnestly to you* to avoid all Occasions of Dispute, or Delay, at a Time that requires Union and Vigour in your Counsels, upon which the Preservation of all that is dear to us doth so much depend: And I do promise, that nothing shall ever be wanting on my Part, which may contribute towards it.

Ordered, That Lord Commissioner Maynard have Leave for a Leave to attend the House of Lords, in a Case between Member to the Lord Chief Baron, and the Lords Commissioners of attenJ ^ord*. the Great Seal, about Settling of Fees upon Writs passing the Great Seal.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General have Leave to attend the Lords in that Matter.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the humble Thanks for Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, by Speech, such Members thereof, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, for his gracious Speech this Day to both Houses.

Mr. Hamden acquaints the House, That he, with Answer to others of his Majesty's Privy Council, had, according to Addresses, the Order of the House, attended his Majesty with their Address, That the considerable Papists or reputed Papists of this Kingdom may be forthwith taken into Custody, and the Arms and Horses of all Papists and reputed Papists be searched for and seized: And that his Majesty was pleased to answer, That he w’ould use all Means

he could, to secure this Kingdom from any Danger that might arise from Papists or reputed Papists, or any other ‘

that shall disturb the Peace of the Government.

Sir Henry Capell acquaints the House, That he, with others of his Majesty's Privy Council, had, according to the Order of the House, attended his Majesty with their Address of Thanks for his gracious communicating to this House divers Letters, and other Papers, which were intercepted coming from Ireland: And that his Majesty was pleased to say, lie w as glad of any thing he did, that gave Satisfaction to this House.

i W.SfM.

Supply Bill; Coffee, Tea, &c.

Supply Bill; Lxcibe,

Preventing Export ot* Bool.

Exceptions in Hill of Indemnity.

privilege — Action against a Member*

Hecovery of Tribes.

28* — 2.

Sir Henry Capell also acquaints the Mouse, that he, with

others of his Majesty’s Privy Council, had, according to the Order of the House, attended his Majesty with their Address, that his Majesty would be pleased to give Leave, that some Members of this House may inspect the Books of the Privy Council, and the Books of the Irish Committee, and take Copies of all Orders and Instructions therein relating to the Irish Affair: And that his Majesty took it into his Hand, and said, He had likewise an Address from the Lords to that Purpose, which he had given no Answer to; and that thereupon he the said Sir Henry Capell supposed he would consider of both.

Mr. Hamden acquaints the House, That he hadahother Address from the House, that his Majesty would be pleased to acquaint this House, what Numbers of Ships and what Number of Men and Guns to each Ship, the States of the United Provinces have set forth, and are obliged to set forth, for this Summer’s Expedition, in Conjunction with his Majesty’s Fleet: But that his Majesty being last Night late in Council, he had not Time to present it.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for laying an additional Custom upon Coffee, Tea» and Chocolate.

Resolved, That the House do. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for an additional Excise.

Ordered, That Sir Charles and Mr. be

added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the preventing the Exportation of Wool is re-committed.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Monday Morning next, proceed in the further Consideration of the Heads of Exceptions in the Bill of Indemnity.

Mr. Palmes, a Member of this House, complaining, That Richard Thorpe, an Attorney at Law, hath this Trinity Term, made Oath in the Common Pleas at Westminster of the Delivery of several Declarations in Ejectments to several of the Tenants of the said Mr. in

the County of Yorke; and moved the Court of Common Pleas for an Appearance, and obtained Rules thereupon, that unless the said Tenants or some other Persons claiming Title to the Premises in Question, Should appear on Tuesday next after the said Trinity Term, and receive Declarations, and plead the General Issue, and consent to Rules, to confess Lease, Entry, and Ouster, Judgment would be given against the casual Eject or; whereupon the said Mr. Palmes and his Tenants were forced to enter their Appearances in the said Court: And Mr. Palmes hath pleaded accordingly, to prevent Judgment against the Casual Eject or; and to save him and his Tenants from being turned out of Possession.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint of Breach of Privilege be heard at the Bar of the House on Monday Morning next: And that the said Thorpe do then attend.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 29* die Junii; l* Willielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, for more easy Recovery of small Tythes, was read the Third time.

An Amendment proposed to be made in the Bill, by leaving out " said," in Press I, L. 29; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Rider was offered to be added to the Bill; and twice Vol. X,

Junii. 301

v -

-read: That in case any Person, after Judgment removed into another County; the Judgment Should be certified to the Justices of that County; and that those Justices Should cause the Money to be levied; and that no Suit shall be elsewhere, but before the Justices.

Resolved, That the Clause be read a Third time.

The Clause was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Clause do pass, and be made Part of the Bill.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, Press . 3, L. 26, by leaving out " One Year," and inserting, instead thereof, " Two Yeafs;" and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, so amended, do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Tythes.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Sir John Guise presented to the House a Bill for the Aulnag* regulating the Abuses in the Aulnagers. Duty.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table.

The House then took into Consideration a Way fdr Irish Pro- Relief of the Irish Protestants. testant*.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Attainting to whom the Bill for attainting certain Persons, is referred, several Per-that they prepare and bring in a Clause, that the son*‘ Estates of the Persons who are now in Rebellion in Ireland, be applied to the Relief of the Irish Protestants fled into this Realm; and also to declare all the Proceedings of the pretended Parliament, and Courts of Justice, now held in Ireland, to be null and void: And that Sir John Doyley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Lazeton, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Parker, Col. Tipping, Sir Walt. Young,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Etirick, Mr. Conisby, Mr. Edw. -tague, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Ellzvell, be added K> the Committee: And that the Committee be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, and de die in diem, till the Bill be finished.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy, Mr. Carter, be added to Fallof Relit*, the Committee appointed to inquire into the Reasons of the Fall of Rents.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Marche*. Mr. Meredith: Court in,

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have agreed to the Bill for Wale* taking away the Court holden before the President and Council of the Marches of Wales; with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Amendments being read, are as followeth;

Press. 1, L. 32, for Majesty" read " Majesties."

At the End of the Bill, insert Proviso (A);

" Provided always, That no Judgment nor Decrees passed in the said Court before the First Day of June,

1689, shall be by this Act repealed or annulled; but all and every of them shall remain in the same Force, and all Executions upon them in the same State, in which they were before the Making of this Act; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The First Amendment, being read a Second and Third time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment, being read a Second and Third time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gzvyn do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House to the said Amendments.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole Supply Bill; House, to consider of the Bill for laying an additional Coflee, Tea, Custom upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate. *c«

3 S Mr.

r

Higham

Ferrers

Writ.

Orphans of London.

Wye, &c. Navigation.

Committees.

fapwts

Benefices.

102

29* Junii. — 1° Julii.

A. 1589.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Birch took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were pnee read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, and was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; for the- Bill to continue for Three Years, and to the End of the First Session of the next Parliament.

Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Wrarrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ for the Electing a Burgess for the Borough of Ferrers

in the County of Northampton, in the room of Lads Watson, Esquire, now Lord Rockingham, and called to the House of Lords.

Resolved, That the House do, on j Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London, and nothing to intervene.

shall be void; and if such Trustee, without Notice to the Vice Chancellor, present, that he shall forfeit Five hundred Pounds to that University who ought to present." And

" That the Universities shall not present any Person that hath another Benefice with C ure; and, if he do, the same to be void." And

" That, if any Person presented be absent above Sixty Days in a Year, the Place to be void."

P. 2, L. 43, after the Word " Living," and before the Word " as," insert the Words " School or Hospital."

Ordered, That the Clauses be ingrossed.

Then the Order for hearing the Breach of Privilege, Privilege, complained of by Mr. Palmes, against Mr. Thorpe an Attorney, was read.

And, the Question being put, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges, touching the Breach of Privilege formerly complained of between Sir Richard pie and Mr. Palmes be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

And the House proceeded to hear the Casebetween the said Mr. Palmes and the said Thorpe: And, after Examination of the said Thorpe, and the Persons produced against him at the Bar of the House, there did not appear to be any Breach of Privilege in the said Thorpe.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Bradshaw have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Month. Absence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for making navigable the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, in the County of Hertford, be taade upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Sir. John Trevor have Leave to attend Leave for the Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause Member to between Mill and Noy. atu‘,wl Lo!<k*

Ordered, That Mr. Ramsden have Leave to go into I-e:ive of the Country for a Month. Absence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Brodriphave Leave to go into the

Country for a Month.

Luna, .1° die Julii; to Willielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

Fiance.

SIR Robert Sawyer reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest in the Two Universi ties the Presentations to Benefices belonging to Papists, was referred, that the Committee had thought fit to make several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same, being twice read; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth;

P. 1, L. 25, after the Word " who," and before the Word " shall," leave out these Words, " from and after the First Day of September next."

P. 1, L. 28, after the Word " Declaration," and before the Word " in," insert the Word " mentioned." P. 1, L. 39, after the Word " Quarter," and before the Word " to," leave out the Word " Sessessions;" and, instead thereof, insert the Word "Sessions."

P. 2, L. 1, after the Word " the," and before the Word " adjudged," in the Second Line, leave out these Words, " said First Day of ;" and, instead

thereof, insert " Time of such Record made "

P. 2, L. 13, after the Word " and

before the Word " shall," add these Words, " by w ljat Name or Names soever they, or either of them, are incorporated."

P. 2, L. 25, after the Words " and provided," insert the Three Provisoes;

" That if any Person be a Trustee for a Papist convicted by this Act, the Presentation of such Trustee

Ordered, That Mr. Garrray have Leave to go into the Country for a Month.

Resolved, That the Bill for preventing the Importation Prohibiting of French Goods, be now read a Second time. 1 rade Witl*

The Bill was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Leveson Gcrwre, Mr. Pitts, Col. Austen, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Dolben, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Christy, Sir R.

Hart, Mr. Hamden, Sir John Fozvc/l, Sir Tho. son, Col. Birch, Sir Phil.Cell, Sir John Mr.

Sir Robert Rich, Sir Jo. Turner, Sir Robert Howard,

Mr. Rebow, Mr. Hawles, Mr. Hobby, Sir Patience Ward,

Mr. Ellxcell, Mr. Baldwyn, Sn'Aohn Doyley, Mr.

feild, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Coningsby, Sir John Guise, Mr.

Poller fen, Sir Hen.Goodrich, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard,

Mr. Young, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Mr.

Smith, Sir Tho. Barnardiston, Sir Rich. Newdigate, Mr.

Sacheverell, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Arnold, Sir John Matthews,

Mr. Thomas Foley, Sir Matth.Andrews, Mr.

Mr. Paul Foley, and the Members that serve for the Cinque Ports: and they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of W’ards.

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his Ditto. Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That, in all his Treaties with his Allies for carrying on the War with France, there be an Article inserted to prohibit all Trade with that Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Carter, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Sir Rights of the Phil. Gell, Sir Tho. Samwell, Mr. Leveson Sir Subject, and

Walter Young, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Thompson, U*ulg l'lc Mr. Blake, Mr. tVilliams, Sir James , Mr. roMm‘

tague,

iW.#M. ,i° — ic

taguc, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir JDoyley, Mr. Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Coningsby, Sir IVm. , Mr. Elkvell,

Sir Cha. Blois, Sir John Mr. Fenwick, Mr.

England, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Buckley, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Hobby, Sir Rich. and all the Members

that are of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee to whom the Proviso proposed by the Lords to be made Part of the Bill for declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subjects, and settling the Succession of the Crov.n, >vas referred: And the Committee is revived; and to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock.

Exceptions Then the House proceeded in the further Consideration Indemnity t^ie Heads of Exceptions in the Bill of Indemnity. y The Second Head of the Exceptions was read.

The Third Head of the Exceptions was read.

Resolved, That the Names of the Commissioners in the several Commissions for Constituting the Court for Ecclesiastical Causes be read.

They were accordingly all called over; and afterwards a Second time, one by one.

Resolved, Neminec That George Lord

Jeff ryes be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity upon this Head.

Resolved, Nemive contradicente, That Robert Earl of Sunderland be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity upon this Head.

Resolved, That Nathan' Ix>rd Bishop of Durham be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity upon this Head.

Resolved, That Sir Echo. Herbert be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity upon this Head.

Resolved, That Theo Earl of Huntington be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity upon this Head.

Resolved, That Sir Robert be excepted out of

the Bill of Indemnity upon this Head.

Resolved, That Sir Thomas Jenner be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity upon this Head.

Resolved, That Thomas Lord Bishop of Chester be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity upon this Head.

Resolved, That the Debate upon the Bill of Indemnity be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 2*;

Willielmi et Mari*.

Praters.

Jltfes Estate. OIR Walter Moyle reports from the Committee to

O whom the Bill to enable Trustees to grant Leases of the Estate of Richard Hele, Esquire, was referred, That the Committee had thought tit to make several Amend-' ments to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout.

Resolved, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Exeter A Petition of the Mercers of Exeter was presented to

Ueicers. the House.

Anlnage Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Duty. lay a Duty at the Cnstom-house upon Cloaths, instead of Duty of Aulnage.

Droytwich That the Counsel for and against the ingrossed Bill,

Suit-works, sent down from the Lords, for the better Regulating the Salt-works in JJroytwich, were called in; and heard at the Bar of the House:

And afterwards, being withdrawn;

The Bill was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Sir John Doyley, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Dune. Colchester, Mr. Smith, Sir Phil. Mr. Paul Vol. X.

Julii. %0\

Foley, Sir Rich. Newdigate, Lord Mr.

Mr. Seymour, Mr. Anth. Newport, Mr. Sir

Harley, Mr. Done, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Kendall, Sir Tho.

Clarges, Sir John Mathews, Mr. Moore, Mr. Hen.

Air. Phil. Foley, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Fox, Sir Geo. Willoughby, Mr. Stockda/e,

Air. Buckley, Mr. Bucldand, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Harley,

Air. Coningsby, Sir Jo/iath. Jcning's, Mr. Freke, Air.

Cooke: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Duchy Chamber.

Ordered, That Air. Anchitell Grey have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for a Alonth. Absence.

Ordered, That Air. Herle have Leave to go into the Country, for a Alonth.

Ordered, That Air. Mansell have Leave to go into the-Country, for a Alonth.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir and Sir Newcastle

Lacon William Child', Court of

Air. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to Conscience, acquaint this House, That they have agreed to the Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience in Newcastle, w ithout any Alteration.

And then the Afessengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to examine Irish Affairs, into the Miscarriages relating to Londonderry and Ireland be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

A Bill to reverse the Judgments in the King's Bench Reversing against Air. Oates, was read the First time. Judgments

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time To- a,es-morrow Alorning.

Mr. Hamden acquaints the House, That he, with others Answer to of his Majesty’s Privy Council, had, according to the Addresses, Order of this House, attended his Majesty with their Address, That he w ould be pleased to acquaint this House, what Number of Ships, and what Number of Alen and Guns to each Ship, the States of the United Provinces have set forth, and are obliged to set forth, for this Summer’s Expedition, in Conjunction with his Majesty’s Fleet: And that his Majesty said, All were come in but Two; and ordered the Earl of Nottingham to give an Extract out of the Treaty with the States: Which was done: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same wras read, and is as followeth; vis.'

Extract out of the Treaty between their Majesties and the States General, signed April the 29th, 1689.

THE States General shall put to Sea Thirty Ships of Wrar; to wit, Eight which shall carry from Seventy to Eighty Guns; Seven, which shall carry from Sixty to Seventy; and Fifteen, from Fifty to Sixty Guns; besides which, the said States General shall likewise furnish Nine Frigates, and Four Fire-ships: Which Ships, Frigates, and Fire-ships, shall, together, have on board Ten thousand Five hundred Seventy-two Men effectively.

Sir Henry Capell acquaints the House, That he, with others of his Majesty’s Privy Council, had, Recording to the Order of this House, attended his Majesty with their Address, That, in his Treaty with his Allies, there be an Article inserted to prohibit all Trade with France:

And that his Majesty was pleaded to answer presently.

That he had taken Care, in the Treaty with the Dutch,

That such an Article Should be; and also that, in all his Treaties with his Allies, that Article Should be put in.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Clause, Rights of tLe sent down from the Lords, as an Amendment to the Bill Subject, and for the Declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, *fttlin6 the and settling the Succession of the Crown, was referred, be Cro'yu* revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

Resolvedt

204

a° — 30 — 4" JuVti. 1689.

Supply Bill; ' Resolved, That the House do now resolve itself into ft Excise. Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the additional Excise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the Bill: And that they had directed him to move the House, That they may sit again Tomorrow Morning, to proceed further therein.

Resolved, That this House do, Tomorrow Morning, the first Business, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 3* die l* Gulielmi et Maria;.

Praters.

Aulnage A BIL L for the Laying a Duty at the Custom-house

Duty. XTL upon Cloths, instead of the Duty of Aulnage, was

read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Friday Morning next.

Leoeson Goutre, Mr. Sachetxt'ell, Mr. Christy, Lord Marq. Winchester, Mr. Reynell, Mr. England, Mr. Edw.

Montague, Sir John Cotton, Col. Austen, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Cha. Montague, Mr.

Coningesby, Lord Digby, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Roberts, Lord Commissioner May,'Mr. Sir Rob. Cotton, Lord Falkland, Foote Onslow, Mr.

Grey, Mr. Niccolls: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to sit de die in diem: And are impowered to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee,

That they do inquire why the Dutch Fleet were out no sooner, to join the English Fleet; and also why the English Fleet were laid up, and, why there was a Delay in setting out another Fleet

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Irish his Majesty, That he will please to appoint a Fund of Protestant*. Credit for such as will furnish Money for Relief of the Irish Protestants fled into this Kingdom; and to assure his Majesty, That what shall be issued thereupon, this House will take care shall be repaid.

And it is referred to the before-mentioned Committee, to prepare that Address also.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor Leave for General, and Mr. Hordes, have Leave to attend at the Memi*rs to Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between alU:nd Lord*' the Duke of Graf toil and the Lord Chief Justice lexfen.

Reverting A Bill for reversing Two Judgments against Titus

Judgments Oates, upon Informations of Perjury, was read a Second againstOate*. tjme.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Air. Pctwlet, Mr. Smith, Col. Babington, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Guise, Sir Walter Moyle, Mr. Coningesby, Bit Rob. Howard, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Faux, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Hamden junior, Major Manly, Mr. Fenwick, Col. Mildmay, Col. Birch, Mr. Christy, Mr. Baldwyn, Col. Penrudduck, Sir Rob. Cotton, Alajor Vincent, Sir Phil. Gell, Sir Rich. Nexcdigate, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Hawles, and all the Alembers that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Papists An ingrossed Bill sent down from the Lords, intituled.

Benefices. An Act to vest in the Two Universities Presentations to Benefices belonging to Papists, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, so amended, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Sawyer do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House thereunto, with the said Amendments; and desire their Concurrence to the said Amendments.

The House then, according to their Order of Yester- Supply Bill; day, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to Excise, proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for the additional Excise.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Attorney General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made a considerable Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move the House, that they may sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House do, Tomorrow Alorning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill.

Resolved, That this House do, upon Saturday Alorn- Orphans of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole London. House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Eight of the Clock.

Extracts Sir John Guise reports from the Committee appointed fr<Jm to inspect and take Copies of the Books of the Admi-

"00 8‘ ralty, That they had done the same accordingly: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That the said Report be sealed up.‘

And it was sealed up accordingly.

Irish Affairs. Resolved, That a Second Address be presented to his Majesty, humbly to desire him, That he will please to give Leave, That some Members of this House may inspect the Books of the Privy Council, and the Books of the Irish Committee; and take Copies of such Orders and Instructions therein, as relate to the Affairs.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare the said Address, upon the Debate of the House.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Walter Young, Sir John Guise, Mr. Gwyn, Col. Birch, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Smith, Sir Rob. Davers, Sir John Doyley, Mr. Bicker-stajfe, Alajor Vincent, Mr. Fuller, Sir Rob. Clayton, Sir

Jovis, 4® die J

i° Gulielmi et Maria;.

Praters.

A PETITION of Win. Eyre, Gentleman, Bailiff of Westminster.

the Liberty, Town, and Borough of Southwarke, was Courts of read; setting forth, That the Alayor, Commonalty, and Conscience. Citizens of iyndon, in 1664, granted to the Petitioner, within the stud Borough, and its Liberties, the Execution and Return of all Writs, Extracts, Process, and Precepts whatsoever, together with the Custody of their Prison the Compter there; and he hath enjoyed the same accordingly:

And that a Bill has been brought to erect a Court of Conscience there, and elsewhere, in and about the City of London, whereby new Officers are appointed; which Bill, if passed, will take away great Part of the Petitioner’s Fees and Profits, noway agreeable to Justice; And praying to be heard at the Bat of the House, before the passing the said Bill.

Ordered,

A

Wye, &c. Navigation.

Leave of «A bsence.

Collections on a Urief.

i W. & M.

4 — 5°

J

r>6.

65.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for erecting Courts of Conscience in the City of Westminster, Borough of Tower

Hamlets, and Out Parishes, be reported.

The Amendments of the Bill for making the Rivers Wye and Lttgg navigable, were all read the First time throughout; and several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the Question was put, That the further Debate upon the Amendments be adjourned.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUrcs for.be Yeas,{&*£ jg££

Tellers for the Noes,{^;

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Clauses marked A, B, were Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; being, For any Person, who, by the Act for granting a present Aid to their Majesties, are appointed Commissioners for the County and City of Hereford, and Borough of Lempster, respectively, shall be Commissioners for the said County, City, and Borough, for the assessing and levying the Money by this Act appointed to be raised:

Provided that nothing in this Act shall extend to confirm any Weir or Weirs erected upon the said Rivers, contrary to Law; or to oblige the Commissioners for the said Rivers to buy off, or purchase any such Weir or Weirs.

Then a Proviso was twice read, For securing the Commissioners for the said River from being obliged to demolish any Weir, Mill, or Iron Work; in case, upon Examination, they might continue without Prejudice to the Navigation or Fishing; and that the Owners give Security to the Commissioners to build and maintain sufficient Locks, and other Necessaries, sufficient for Passes and Repassing of Boats up and down the River.

And a Proviso was offered to be added thereunto, on Behalf of the Earl of Kent; which was twice read: For disabling the Act from impowering the Commissioners from pulling down the new Weir Iron Mill, or Forge of Antony Earl of Kent; so as the said Earl would maintain a substantial Lock sufficient to pass all Boats and Barges; and that all Should pass Toll or Charge-free.

And the Question being put, That the said Proviso be added to the Clause.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for he Yeas, {gf; } 74-

Teller, for the Noes, } 78.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso was offered to be added to Clause C, on Behalf of Mr. Catchmay.

And, a Debate arising, Whether the same shall be now read;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Faux have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Sicldinghall, in the County of Yorke, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, after a great Loss by a dreadful Fire in their said Township, having obtained Letters Patents, Four Years since, for a Collection throughout this Kingdom, towards their Subsistence and Relief; and that Sir Walter Vavasor, and others, were appointed Receivers and Trustees for the said Collections and Receipts; and that Sir Walter Vavasor hath received several Sums of Money for their Use; and absolutely refuses to pay the Petitioners any Part thereof, or to give any Account to them, or others; and they, being Vol. X.

205

poor People, not able to go to Law against so powerful a Man as he is, w ho is also their Landlord, and they Tenants at Will; and praying, That the House would grant and direct such Relief therein, as to them Should seem meet

Resolved, That the Petition be referred to a Committee; to examine the Matter thereof^ and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Col. Birch, Mr. Stockland, Sir Fdzv. Harley, Mr. Baldxcyn, Mr. Faux, Sir Yoiwg,

Sir Hen.Goodrich, Major Manley, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr.

Lcrcson Ixnccr, Sir Jonath. Jennings, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Ho/:ce, Mr. Nicco/s, Mr. Ellzcell, I>ord Mr.

Ash, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Harley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bockland:

And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Reborn have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Kill} whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of txc‘* the Bill for the additional Excise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had gone through the Bill; and had made several Amendments to the Bill, and added several Clauses to the same; and had directed the Report to be made with the first Opportunity.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 5’ die Jit Hi; l* Willielmi et Maria?.

Prayers.

SIR Hen. Goodrich reports from the Committee, to Preventing whom the former Amendments to the Bill for pre- Export of venting the Exportation of Wool, was re-committed, That WooL the Committee had agreed upon some Alteration of the said Amendments: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Clothiers or Bays Makers, and others, Aulnag# within the Towns of Bamestable and Pilton, in Com'Devon, Duty, was read; setting forth, That whereas the Subsidy and Aulnage accustomed and paid for Bays, both double and single, made in the said Towns, hath not been, in Man’s Memory, except withiaThree Years past, more than Twopence in a double, and One Peny in a single Bay; and that of late Years the most Part of that Manufacture there made hath been worse, both for Substance and Value, than formerly: Yet, notwithstanding, the Duty, by Two Years Space, is advanced Threepence for a double, and Twopence for a single Bay: And tire Petitioners, to avoid Seizures of their Goods, have been forced to pay the same; some of their Goods having been seized for their refusing so to do: And praying the Consideration of the House, and a Redress of the Grievance.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Matter of the Aulnage comes to be considered.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reports from the Committee, to Droitwich whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, inti- Salt-work*, tuled, An Act for the better regulating the Salt-works in Droilxvich, was referred, That the Committee had agreed upon an Amendment to be made in the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth:

Press 2, Line n, leave out " July;" and, instead thereof, insert " September."

Then the Bill Was read the Third time.

3 F Resolved,

ao6 5° Julii. jL 1680.

Resolved, That the Bill, so amended, do pass. _ Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Trenchard do carry up the ©ill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House thereunto, with the said Amendment; and desire their Lordships Concurrence to the said Amendment.

Preventing ‘ A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Mer-Exi'o. t of chants of England trading into the Levant Seas, was read;

00 ’ setting forth, That a Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool unwrought, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, having been brought into this House; and the Petitioners conceiving, That, Should it pass, it would be destructive to Thousands of Families subsisting by the many Manufactures of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn; and that, contrary to the Intent of the Bill, instead of increasing, it would very much lessen the Consumption of English Wool; and that they doubt not but to evince the same to the House: And praying to be heard therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tire Committee, to whom the Bill for the’encouraging the Woollen Manufacture isreferred; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Sir Robert Kappierreports from the Committee, to Debtors

whom the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, was referred, lielief* That the Committee had thought lit to make several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were all read the First time throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Proviso was offered' to be made Part of the Bill; and was twice read; and agreed unto by the House; For every Person that shall take Advantage of the said Act, to wear a great D of blue Cloth on the Outside of the Breast of his outward Garment, till his Debt or Debts satisfied: And, on Default of wearing the said Letter, the Person to be committed by a Warrant from a Justice of Peace; there to remain in the same State, as if he had not had the Advantage of tire said Act.

Another Proviso was offered to be made Part of the Bill; and was twice read; and agreed unto by the House;

For no Person convict of Perjury, or the Conveyance of whose Estate hath been found by Verdict to be fraudulent, shall receive any Benefit by the said Act.

Ordered, That the Bill so amended, and with the said Provisoes, be ingrossed.

Ditto. A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Sir John Guise reports from the Committee, to whom Address

Commonalty, of the Mystery of Weavers of London and it was referred to prepare a Second Address to his Ma- relating to Canterbury, in Behalf of themselves and others in Eng- jesty, That lie will give Leave, that some Members of ,risfl land, was read; shewing, That a Bill for preventing the this House may inspect the Books of the Privy Council, tair* Exportation of Wool by the Wear of Cloth, fyc. having and the Books of the Committee; and take Copies been twice read and committed; and the Petitioners con- of such Orders and Instructions therein, as relate to the ceiving. That such a Law would lessen the Consumption Irish Affairs, from the Twenty-seventh of to the

' of English Wool, and be the Ruin of many Thousands of the Manufacturers of Silk and Hair, which are the Product of English manufactured Wool; and praying to be heard by their Counsel, before the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the encouraging the Woollen Manufacture is referred; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Oaths taken by Q^Iicefs the Army.

Ordered, That Sir Fran. Russell, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Grey, Sir Edit. Harley, Mr. Mr. re//, Mr.

First of June last; That they had prepared an Address accordingly: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth.

WE Your Majesties most loyal and obedient Subjects, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, out of a sincere Duty and Affection to support Your Majest y's Crown and Dignity, and the Safety, Honour, and W elfare of Your Subjects, being deeply sensible of the deplorable Condition of Your Majesty's Kingdom of Ireland, which, notwithstanding Your Majesty’s great and constant Care thereof, is, for the most part, over-run

Irish Affairs.

Reversing

Judgment

against

Oates.

Sackvilc, Mr. Eldred, Sir Walter Moyle, Sir John Guise, by your Majesties declared Enemies, the French, in Con be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, junction with Rebels, occasioned, as we humbly

sent down from the Lords, intituled an Act to regulate conceive, by the Neglect or ill Conduct of some Persona, the Administration of the Oaths required to betaken by employed in the Management of the Affairs relating to Commission or Warrant Officers employed in their Ma- that Kingdom; and to the end that we may be enabled jesties Service by Land, by virtue of an Act made this to give Your Majesty such Advice, as may prevent the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the like Miscarriages for the future; do most humbly be-Abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, seech Your Majesty, That You will he graciously pleased and appointing other Oaths. to permit such Members as shall be appointed by this

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, House, to inspect the Books of the Privy Council and Irish to whom it was referred to prepare an Address to his Ma- Committee, and all other Proceedings relating to Ireland, jesty, That he will please to give Leave, That some Mem- from the Twenty-seventh Day of December 1688, to the bers of this House may inspect the Books of the Privy First Day of June, 1689, ar,d to take Copies of such Or-Council, and the Books of the Irish Committee, and take ders and Instructions therein, as relate to the Affairs of Copies of such Orders and Instructions therein, as relate Ireland: And we humbly beg Leave-to assure Your to the Affairs of Ireland; That they do, in the said Act- Majesty, That this Our Address proceeds from no other dress, desire Leave to inspect and take Copies of the said Motive, than our hearty Desire to manifest that Zeal and Books, from the Twenty-seventh of December, to the Duty, which we shall always retain for Your Majesty's First of June last. Person and Government.

Ordered, That the said Committee do withdraw, and sit, during the Sitting of the House. Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his.

Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of hi* Mr. Eldred reports from the Committee, to whom the Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, and Sir John Bill for reversing the Judgment against Mr. Oates was Guise ..... referred, That the Committee had thought fit to make an Amendment to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That tlre Bill, so amended1, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Raleigh have Leave to go Leave off into the Country, for a Fortnight. Ab*«jc*.

Ordered, That Mr. Montague have Leave to go into the Country for § Week.

Ordered,

Leave of Absence.

Papists Children sent fthfoad.

i w.efM.

5° fulii:

l

Ordered, That Mr. Relgnoldshave Leave to go into the Country for Three "Weeks.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Colonel Tipping reports from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inquire, what Children are sent abroad to be educated in the Popish Religion, and who have been the Occasion of sending them abroad; and also what Children, who were in the Hands of Protestant Guardians, have been taken thence, and put under Popish Guardians, That they have inquired into the same, accordingly; and have been informed by Mr. Stratford x»f Farme

Court near Winchcombe in Gloucestershire, That Mrs. Katherine Over burp,a late Popish Convert, the Widowof Ni-

colas Overbury, of Barton in the Heath, in Esquire, in Christmas, 16S5, while the said Mr. Stratford, lay sick, without his Consent, took away his Son, about Thirteen Years old, to her own House, on Pretence of taking care of him; and that, when he demanded him of her, her Answer was, That she would take care of him, and that he Should never have him again: And that the said Mr. Stratford brought a Writ de Homine replegiando against the said Mrs. Overbury, for his Son: The effect of which Prosecution was, That his Son was delivered to him by Sir Richard Allibonc, on Sunday the Thirteenth Day of March 16SG: And that his Son then tokl him, he believed he was maintained by Mrs. Overbury: Rut that he went away, the next Day from his Father’s, without his Knowledge; and that he has not seen him since, but is informed his Son is at St. Orners.

That the Committee was likewise informed by Mr. ter Overbury,'WvaX Mrs. Overburs own Son was carried

beyond Sea, by one Mrs. Frances Sheldon, One of the Maids of Honour to the Queen Dowager, at the same time when the late Queen went to France: And that Mrs. Overbury owned the going of her Son to France", and said. She had rather follow him to his Grave, than that he Should return to be bred up a damned Heretick.

That the Committee was likewise informed by Mrs. JIarnage of Narbury, in Shropshire, that Mr. Knipe, of

Scmbly in the County of Wilts, had detained Two of her Sons, and bred them up in the Popish Religion.

That thereupon the Committee sent out an Order for the said Mr. Knipe to appear before them; and to bring with him Mrs. Homage’s Two Sons: Which he accordingly did; and delivered them up to their Mother, before tire Committee.

That the Committee was likewise informed by Mr. Pulton, Tutor to Mr. George Mordant Brother to the Earl of Monmouth, That the said Mr. George Mordant was taken, by Order of the Earl of Peterborow, from Eaton School, about Christmas was Twelve-month, under Pretence of making him Page to the Queen: But that, the Week after Easter following, he was sent, by the said Earl to the Jesuits School at the Savoy. And the said Mr. George Mordant told tire said Mr. Pulton, That Mr. Con, a Papist that lived in the Lord s Family,

had persuaded his Uncle, the said Earl of to send him into France.

Mr. Welboitrneinformed the Committee, That he was

conveyed into France by the Duchess of Norfolke, Daughter to the Earl of Peterborow.

That Colonel Herbert, a Member of this House, informed the Committee, That he, being a Trustee for Mr. George Mordant, in February 1687, he, the said Mr. George Mordant, came to ask his Consent to go into France; which he denied; and persuaded him to stay: But he replied, That the Lord Peterbormo his Uncle would take care of him, and do him Kindnesses: And, if he could not have his Consent, he would go without it.

That the Committee was likewise informed, That Mr. William and Mr. Charles Cecill, Brothers to the Earl of Salisbury, were, by the said Earl, taken from Eaton School, about August last, and by him sent into France, without Vol. X.

Consent of those that wfere appointed to be their Overseers, or Guardians: And that one Mr. Baptist, a. Papist, and Mr. Cam, their Servant, went along with them.

One William Smith, Servant to the Earl of Salisbury, testified, That, about Twelve a Clock the 6ame Night they went, he helped to pack up their Linen in a Portmanteau at Salisbury House in the Strand.

That Mr. Sadler, another Servant to the Family, affirmed he saw them at Salisbury House the Day before they went; and, on the Monday after, the Earl of Salisbury told him they were gone to France. Mr. Sadler said further, That they Were preparing to return home; but that the late King James, seeing them in France, ordered them not to come.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to p're-vent the Abuse in sending Children beyond Sea, to be bred up in the Romish Religion; and to oblige those, that are Abroad, to return.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring lii a Bill to prevent settling of Papists Estates to superstitious Uses, and any voluntary Settlements Of Papists, to disinherit their Protestant Children.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Clause Rights of ths proposed by the Lords to be added to the Bill for declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling

the Succession of the Crown, was referred, do make their Report on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred Proceedings to search the Journals touching Proceedings upon Conferences in Passing of Bills, do make their Report on Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Lacon Wm.Child;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to Papists acquaint this House, That they have agreed to the Beuefices* Amendments to the Bill intituled, An Act for vesting in the Two Universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists:

Also, That the Lords have agreed to the Bill for erect- Bristoll, &c. ing Courts of Conscience in the Cities of Bristoll and coMcle°nce Gloucester, and the Liberties thereof, without any Amend- uscience* ments:

Also, That their Lordships have agreed to the Amend- Droytwich ment proposed by this House to the Bill for the better Sa,t-work»* regulating the Salt-works in Droytwich.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the Bill for taking away the Duty of Astn«g» < Aulnage, and laying a Custom upon Cloths, be read the Duty. Second time on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That the Report from the Committee, to Preventing whom the Amendments to the Bill for preventing the FxP?rt 01 Exportation of Wool, was referred, be taken into Consi- 00 deration on Tuesday next, after the Aulnage Bill is read.

Resolved, That the House do now resolve itself into a Militia. Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for rendering the Milkia more useful.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to make his Report thereupon, with the first Conveniency.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Sea preventing Port Towns, and Air. Bockland, and Air. Freke, be added Trade with to the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing the Fr*nc*‘ -Importation of French Goods, is referred.

Ordered,

Proceeding* against Sir W. Williams,

Leave lor Member to attend Lords

Foreign-built bhips.

Reversing

Judgments

against

Oates*

Leave of Absence.

Orphans of London.

208

5 — 6° Jttlii.

A. 1689.

Ordered, That the Record of the Judgment upon Church; and to apply the same towards the Payment of Information against Sir IVUliamIVilliams be read on the Debts to the Orphans of the City of London; and Tuesday Morning next. that to compensate the same, the Term granted of the

Residue of the said Duty for the Benefit of that Church And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow be enlarged; with a Clause of Credit to raise Money Morning, flight of the Clock. thereupon.

Sabbati, 6°;

1° Willielmi et Marite.

Prayers.

/"ORDERED, That Mr. have Leave to

attend the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between Tunstall and Smith.

A Petition of the Mariners, and Owners of Shipping, and others, using the Coal Trade, was read; setting forth, That King Charles the Second was pleased to give Liberty to supply the Coal Trade with Foreign-built Shipping, which was much lessened by a violent Storm happening about Fourteen Years since, w herein above One hundred Sail of considerable Ships were lost: That the Petitioners, and others, procured Owners to buy them Ships in Foreign Parts, for tire Coal and East Country Trade; but that, while they were at Sea, some few Persons procured an Act l* Jacobi Ildi; whereby the Petitioners, and other Ships, after 29 September 1689, will be excluded the Coal Trade; which, if not redressed, the Ships must fot; and Thousands of Seamen seek their Bread in Foreign Parts; the City of London want Coals at a moderate Rate; and their Majesties hindered of a considerable Custom: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief therein.

A Debate arose thereupon.

And the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prolong the Time for wearing out such Foreign-«built Ships, as are now in the Hands of English Owners, notwithstanding the Act of l° Jac. IIdl;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas {g[r iVeTiticft, } 54-

TeUersfor theNcs ' } 43-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

An ingrossed Bill to reverse the Judgments given against Mr. Oates, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in Press *, Line *, by leaving out " A," and, instead of, " Writ," to make " Writs;" and upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for reversing Two Judgments given in the Court of King's Bench against Titus Oates, Clerk.

Ordered, That Mr. Eldred do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Resolved, That Mr. Christy have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer have Leave to go into the

Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Mr. Kendall have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Then the Order for the House to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further into the Consideration of the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London, was read.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, That they bring in a Clause to take off Six-pence per Chaldron, upon Coals, of the Duty granted to St. Raufs

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Orphans of whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had (in relation to the said Bill) come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s 'l’able:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, That there be an Imposition of Two-pence per Chaldron laid on all Coals imported into the Port of London, towards Payment of the Debt to the Orphans of London.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, That Two-pence (clear of all Charges) of the Four-pence per Chaldron on Metage, as the Meters places fall, be applied towards further Payment of the Orphans Debt

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, That the ancient Duty of Water Bailage in the City of London, that was due and payable before the late Quo Warranto against the City for the same, be applied towards further Payment of the Orphans Debt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House he moved, That a Peny a Quarter more be laid upon the Metage of all Com imported into the Port of London, towards the further Payment of the Orphans Debt

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comnfittee,

That One half of the Revenue to arise by the Hackney Coaches be applied towards the further Payment of the Orphans Debt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House he moved, That the Profits of Tronage, or Weighing at the Beam, commonly called The King's Beam, belonging to the City of London, be applied towards the further Payment of the Orphans Debt

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, That the Profits arising by the Out Ropers Office within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, be applied towards the further Payment of the Orphans Debt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, That a Bill be brought in upon the Resolution aforesaid; and also, upon the Order of this House tills Day, for bringing in a Clause for taking off Six-penceper Chaldron on Coals from St. Paul's Church to be applied towards the Orphans Debt; and for giving to St. Paul's Church a Compensation, by inlarging of the Term for the Residue of the Duty belonging to the said Church; and adding a Borrowing Clause in respect thereof.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That there be an Imposition of Two-pence per Chaldron laid on all Coals imported into the Port of London, towards Payment of the Debt to the Orphans of London.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That Two-pence (clear of all Charges) of the Four-pence per Chaldron Metage, as the Meters Places fall, be applied towards further Payment of the Orphans Debt.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time; r

Resolved,

by

1

Chetife’s

Estate.

London ( Charter.

Prosecutions of Topham as Serjeant at Anus"

i W. & M. 6° Julii.

109

Resolved, That the ancient Duty of Water Bailage in the City of London, that was due and payable before the late QuoJVarranto against the City for the same, be applied towards further Payment of the Orphans Debt.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That a Peny a Quarter more be laid upon the Metage of all Com imported into the Port of London, towards the further Payment of the Orphans Debt.

The Fifth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That One half of the Revenue to arise by the Hackney Coaches be applied towards the further Payment of the Orphans Debt.

The Sixth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Profits of the Tronage or Weighing at the Beam, commonly called The King's Beam, belonging to the City of London, be applied tow ards the further Payment of the Orphans Debt

The Seventh of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Profits arising by the Outropers Office within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, be applied towards the further Payment of the Orphans Debt

The Eighth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in upon the Resolutions aforesaid; and also upon the Order of the House this Day, for bringing in a Clause for taking off Six-pence per Chaldron on Coals from St. Paul’s Church, to be applied towards the Orphans Debt; and for giving to St. Paul's Church a Compensation, by Inlarging of the Term for the Residue of the Duty belonging to the said Church, and adding a Borrowing Clause in respect thereof.

Resolved, That there be a Clause brought into the said Bill, to take away the Power of the City of London to compel the Estates of Orphans to be brought into the Chamber of London; and also another Clause, for a Re-

S'ster to be kept of the Money provided for the Orphans elief, that it be rightly applied to the Use of the Orphans; and that it may not be in the Power of any Person whatsoever to divert the same to any other Use: And also another Clause, That such as have bought Orphans Estates, may have an Allowance of the Interest at the Rate of Four Pounds per Cent, only, for the Monies really paid by them; and that the Residue of the Interest of the Debt may go to the Use of the Orphans from whom they bought the same: And also another Clause for Discharging of the City of London of the Interest incurred to the Orphans to the First Day of August 1689.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to bring in the said Bill.

And it is referred unto Mr. Paul Foley, Major Wildman, Sir Rob. Clayton, Sir Cha. Blois, Mr. Attorney General, Sir JVm. Williams, Mr. Serjeant JVogan, Mr. Grey, Mr. Smitk, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Done, Sir Jo.Guise, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Arnold, Mr.

Christye, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Patience Ward, and all the Members that serve for the City of London.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Lacan William Child;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill to enable Chet tie to sell Lands, to pay his Debts, and make Provision for his Wife and Children, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill for restoring the Charter of the City of London, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privile-

Si and Elections, to whom the Petition of John Topham, quire, Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was re-Vo l. X.

ferred; and to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House; That the Committee had examined the Matter, accordingly; and find. That, in Hilary Term 33° and 340 Carol! 11", an Action of Assault and Battery, and false Imprisonment, was brought by Samuel Verdon against the said John Topham; to which the... John Topham pleaded, That what he did, was in Obedience to the House of Commons, to the Jurisdiction of the Court; and that there was a Demurrer to that Plea, and a Joinder in Demurrer.

That they find the like Action, and Pleading of the same Term, between the said John Hilyard and the said Mr. Topham:

And the like between Thomas Staples and Mr. Topham: And the like between Rich. Blyth and Mr. Topham:

And the like at the Suit of John Nelson:

And the like at the Suit of Thomas Herbert:

And the like at the Suit of Nathan Reading:

And the like at the Suit of Richard Hameage:

And that, in Easter Term following, they find, there were Rules for Judgment in the said Causes against the said Mr. Topham, whereby the said Pleas are over-ruled.

That Sir Robert Hcnly being summoned to attend the Committee, he informed them, That Sir Francis Pemberton, Sir Thomas Jones, Sir Thomas Raymond, and Sir Wm. Dolben, were Judges of the King’s Bench in Hillary

Term 33 and 34, and in Easter Term 34 of K. Charles the Second; but said particularly, That he believed Mr. ' Justice Dolben was not in Court, or not of Opinion for over-ruling the Pleas, because he dissented in Case, wherein the Privilege of Parliament was also concerned.

That Mr. Greenway the Attorney testified, That he was in Court when Mr. Tophams Plea was overruled; and

that there was Sir Fra. Pemberton, and Mr. Justice Jones, in Court; and he believed, Mr. Justice Raymond.

That the Committee also inspected a Record of the Kings Bench, Mich. 35* Car. II. Rot. 713. Brett v Topham, wherein an Action of Assault and Battery, and false Imprisonment, was brought against Mr. Topham-: And that he pleaded in Bar an Order of the House of Commons: And that the Plaintiff replied de injuria sua propria: And, upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff’s Replication was adjudged good.

That Sir Robert Henley testified, That Sir George Jeffryes, Mr. Justice Holloway, Mr. Justice Walcot, and

he thinks, Mr. Justice Wythens, were Judges of the King’s Bench at that time.

That Mr. Staples appeared before the Committee, and said, That about Eight Years ago he was under a Confinement by Order of the House; and, upon his Application to the House, was ordered to be discharged; and thereupon paid Mr. Topham Ten Pounds: And that, some time after, meeting at Windsor, and there being some Discourse about that Matter, the Serjeant bid him take his Course: That afterwards one Woodward came to him, and told him, he was informed there was a Misunderstanding between him and the Serjeant; and told him, he had sued the Serjeant at Fourteen or Sixteen Persons Suits; and offered to be concerned for him: And, he believed, he might deliver a Declaration; but that he, the said Mr. Staples, never saw the Pleadings: And that afterwards he had a Treat, but received no Money.

That Mr. Topham said, He never received any Money of Mr. Staples.

That Dr. Hildyardappeared, and acknowledged, There was a Suit commenced in his Name, being often solicited by Mr. Verdon to that Purpose: But that it was carried on intirely by Mr. Verdon;the said Dr. Hilyard declaring to Mr. Verdon, He would not contend with the House of Commons; but said, If he had done any thing amiss, he did submit himself to the House.

That thereupon, and inasmuch as the said Dr. Hilyard had riven Satisfaction to the Serjeant, as to his particular Damage, the Committee, as to him, came to this Resolution;

3G Resolved,

I!

210

6° — 8° Julii.

A. 16851.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Dr. Hilyard be discharged any further Attendance.

That the Committee came also to these further Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Judgment given by the Court of King’s Bench, in Easter Term 34 Car. II. Regis, upon the Plea of John Topham, at the Suit of John Jay, to the Jurisdiction of that Court; and also the Judgments given against the said Mr. Topham, at the Suit of Samuel Verdon, John Hilyard, Thomas Staples, Richard Blyth, John Nelson, Thomas Herbert, Nathanael Reading, and Rich. Harneage, are illegal, and a Violation of the Privileges of Parliament, and pernicious to the Rights of Parliament.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Dr. Hilyard be discharged any further Attendance.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a- Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Judgment given by the Court of King’s Bench, in Easter Term, 34 Car. II. Regis, upon the Plea of John Topham, at the Suit of Jay, to the Jurisdiction of that Court; and also the Judgments given against the said Mr. Topham, at the Suit of Samuel Verdon, John Hilyard, Thomas Staples, RickardBlyth, John Nelson, Tho. Herbert, NathanaelReading and Rich.Hameage, are illegal, and a Violation of the Privileges of Parliament, and pernicious to the Rights of Parliament.

Privilege — Colonel Birch also acquaints the House, That John

a jer6jn Qkey testified, that he had summoned Sir Tho. custody for° at h*s House in Staffordshire, the Thirteenth of June, to contempt. appear before the Committee the Nineteenth of June following, to answer the Matters to be objected against him; but that the said Sir Tho. Whitgreave did not appear: And that thereupon the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee, That the said Sir ThomasJVhitgreave is in Contempt: And that it be reported to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Whitgreave be taken into Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for such his Contempt.

A Member of this House acquainting the House, That the said Sir Thomas Whitgreave is very aged and infirm, and not able to travel;

Ordered, That the Execution of the said Order be suspended for a Month.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in to reverse the Judgment against John Topham; and for settling the Rights and Privileges of Parliament for the future.

Reversing Judgment against Topham.

Irish Affairs. Sir Thomas Littleton acquaints the House, That he had Directions from the Committee to whom it was referred to inquire into the Miscarriages relating to Ireland and Umdonderry, to move the House, That, inasmuch as there doth not appear to them any Evidence that Colonel Richards, now a Prisoner in the Gatehouse, was guilty of any Miscarriage; his Majesty may be humbly desired to give Order, That the said Colonel Richards may be bailed.

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly addressed unto, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That he will please to give Order, That the said Colonel may be bailed.

Sir Francis Ordered, That Sir Francis Pemberton, Sir Thomas Jones, Pemberton. ^4 $jr Francis JVithens, do attend this House upon

c‘ nesday Morning next.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 8* die Julii;

1° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prat ers.

THE House resumed the Consideration of the Report Hele's of the Amendments to the Bill to enable Trustees Estate* to grant Leases of the Estate of Richard Hele, Esquire.

And the same were read over a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the poor Sufferers by Fire that happened Collections in Chaning Row in 1682, and since that time in Elye, on a Brief!

Causton, Stanton, Kirksawton, Bulford, Castor, Eusbury,

JVorsope, Desford, Alretoas, Alerston, Sarsdon, &c. was

read; setting forth, That they had been at vast Charges in obtaining Letters Patents; and that, by the same, several Persons of Quality were made Trustees, who appointed for Collectors and Agents NehemiahFarmer, William Ran-shaw, Samuel Tayler, and Thomas Chamberlaine, who had collected all or most of the Money long since, and yet had not paid over the same to the Trustees; and stand upon Privileges and Protections, in Contempt of the Law; whereby many Families were like to perish: And prayed, that the said Collectors might be summoned to appear before the Committee of Grievances, to shew Cause why they had not paid the Money by them received; and to regulate the Method of Passing of Briefs for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Com--mittee to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of Sick-inghall in the County of Yorke was referred, to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

William Harbord, Esquire, a Member of this House, Privilege__________

complaining, That there hath been a false and scandalous Reflections Report spread abroad of him, That he hath charged great 0D aMember* Sums of Money to the Account of his Majesty, for Carriages provided for his Majesty, when Prince of Orange, in nis Coming out of the West, and otherwise; and that he hath not really paid what is pretended to be charged; and that he hath great Sums of Money, and not given any Account’ of the same;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Matter of the said Report; and who were the Authors thereof; and make their Report to the House.

And it is referred unto Mr. Buscawcn, Mr. Gerrord.

Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir John Barker, Mr. Grey, Sir Rob. Havers, Sir Jonath. Jennings, Sir Trevor Mr. Paul

Foley, Mr. John Williams, Mr. Sand ford, Sir Edw. As- cough, Sir Fran. Russell, Sir JVm.Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr. Leveson Gowre, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Hunt,

Colonel Sackville, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Mr.

Thomson, Colonel Birch, Sir JVm. Williams, Sir Bloys,

Sir Hen.Capell, Colonel Lee, Mr. Staines, Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Lashells, Mr. Reynell, Sir JVm. Poultney, Sir Edw.

Hussey, Mr. R. Russell, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir JVm. Ellis,

Mr. Palmes, Colonel Babington, Colonel Austen, and all the Members that serve for the County of Devon: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hie House took into Consideration the Amendments chett*ll’* proposed by the Lords to be made to the Bill to enable Estate.

# Chettell to sell Lands to pay his Debts, and make Provision for his Wife and Children.

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as follows;

At the End of the Bill, add " Saving always to the King and Queen’sMost Excellent Majesties, All such Right,

Title, Estate, or Interest, as they had, or might have had, in the Premises, if this Act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House to the said Amendment.

22 Ordered,

Leave of Absence.

London

Charter.

Measure of

Norwich

Studs.

Bills first to be proceeded

OQ.

Poll Tax.

iW.flfM. 8 — 9° Jdii. 211

Ordered, That the Lord Digby have Leave to go into That the Bill of Indemnity "be another of the

the Country, for Three Week*. Bills to be proceeded upon.

A Bill to restore the Charter *of the City of London, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Thursday Morning next

A Petition of the Mercers and Salesmen of the City of Bristoll was read; setting forth, That there are certain Commodities, called Norwich Stulls; which, by an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King Edward the Fourth, ought to contain in Length Thirty Yards; but since have been made of such uncertain Lengths, that not only the Weavers of the said Stuffs work them at Twenty-eight Yards, but the Wardens and Assistants of the said Company, who are impowered by Act of Parliament to see after the Length and Breadth, and'Goodness of the said Stuffs, do also seal the same for Twenty-eight Yards; by the Seal, and Tickets set thereunto, the said Stuffs are bought in Gross, and Quantities; and when they are again sold by them that retale the same, who open and measure them, they very seldom hold to beany more than Twenty-five Yards and an half, or Twenty-six Yards, but are imposed on the said Buyers for the Lengths they are marked at, by which means many are very much impoverished, and the Weavers or Makers thereof, or others in Confederacy with them, or both, by this great Cheat, are enriched: And praying an Office may be erected in Norwich, and some Person deputed, upon Oath, to measure and fix a Seal to all Stuffs there to be made and sold.

Resolved, That the Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for regulating the Abuses in the Measures of Worsted Stuffs, to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Resolved, That the House do now take into Consideration What Bills they will first proceed upon.

Resolved, That the Bill for rendering the Militia more useful be One of the Bills to be proceeded upon.

Resolved, That the Bill for settling the Revenue upon their Maj esties be another of the Bills to be proceeded upon.

Resolved, That the Bill for declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown, be another of the Bills to be proceeded upon.

Resolved, That the Bill for Restoring of Corporations be another of the Bills to be proceeded upon.

Resolved, That the Bill for Attainting of Persons in Arms with King James in Ireland be another of the Bills to be proceeded upon.

Resolved, That the Bill for restoring the Charter of the City of London be another Bill to be proceeded upon.

Resolved, That the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London be another of the Bills to be proceeded upon.

Resolved, That the Bill for settling a Fund for Satisfaction of the Money to the Dutch be another of the Bills to be proceeded upon. —

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for a Review of the Poll granted by an Act for raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the Reducing of Ireland. —

Resolved, That the Bill for appropriating the Forfeitures of Five hundred Pounds be another of the BiHs to be proceeded upon.

Resolved, That the Bill for preventing the Importation of French Goods be another of the Bills to be proceeded upon.

Resolved, That the Bill for the additional Excise be another of the BiHs to be proceeded upon.

Resolved, That the Bill for laying an additional Custom upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, be another of the Bills to be proceeded upon.

Vox,. X.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit Committees, this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 9* die Ju; i* Willielmi et Maries.

Praters.

A PETITION of Gilbert Heathcote and Arthur prohibiting Shallett, Merchants, was read; shewing, That the Trade with Petitioners did, about the Year 1684, send into Catalonia a France, considerable Number of Stills, and all Materials to them belonging, together with a Distiller, and had erected a Still-house, which Materials, sent from hence, cost upwards of Two thousand Pounds, for the Making Spanish Brandy:

That the said StiU-house was set up on Purpose to increase the Trade of England with the Spaniard, who takes off the English Manufacture; and to hinder the Trade with France, who takes only Money; and that there being under the Consideration of this House, a Bill to prevent not only all French Wine and Brandy, 8yc. but also all Brandy whatsoever; if the said Bill Should pass, it would prove the utter Ruin of themselves, and their Families:

And praying their Case may be considered.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for prohibiting French Goods, is referred; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reports from the Committee to Attainting whom the Bill for attainting certain Persons, was referred, certain and to whom it was referred to insert such other Names as they Should find Cause for, That they had Proof of several other Persons being in Ireland in Arms with King James; and therefore had agreed their Names Should be inserted in the Bill, and, upon several Amendments to be made in the Bill, and several Clauses to be added to the Bill, pursuant to several Orders of the House: Which Names, Amendments, and Clauses, he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerks Table:

Where the same were all read once throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

Mr. Carter reports from the Committee to whom Rights of the the Clause A, proposed by the Lords to be added to the Subject, and Bill for declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject,

and settling the Succession of the Crown, was referred;

That they had thought fit to make several Amendments to the Clause: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were thrice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth-;

Amendments to Clause A.

Line 2, after " that," leave out these Words, " in case of Default of Issue of the Body of their Majesties, and of the Queen, the Princess Anne oiDenmar: And the King the next succeeding, or Queen, shall solemnly repeat and subscribe the Declaration;" and, instead thereof, insert these Words, " the Declaration above-mentioned to be made, repeated, and subscribed, by every succeeding King and Queen of this Realm, shall be in these Words."

Line 28, after the Word " beginning," leave out all to the End of the Clause.

Resolved, That it be referred to the same Committee to whom the said Clause A was referred, to prepare

Reasons

212

>° Julii.

Reasons to be offered at a Conference, Why this House doth not agree with the Lords in their Amendments to the said Bill: And that they do withdraw into the Speaker’s Chamber, and prepare the same.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Duncomb Colchester have Leave to

Absence. ^jnt0 Country, for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Vincent have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

Ordered, That Mr. G have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

Ordered, That Sir John Doyley have Leave to into the Country, for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr. Niccolls have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

Militia. Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of the whole

House, to whom the Bill for rendering the Militia more useful, was referred, That the Committee had thought fit to tnake several Amendments, and add several Clauses to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill:. Which was twice read; and was, For a Fourth Part of the Militia of the Kingdom to be drawn together for Days this Year;

And the Question being put, That that Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill: And which was twice read; and was, That in case a Papist, or reputed Papist, was charged with Horse or Foot, or Arms, that a Protestant Should provide the same, and be paid for the same by such Papist, or reputed Papist.

Resolved, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill. Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill: Which was twice read; and was, For indemnifying and saving harmless all Persons that have taken Arms on the Behalf of the King’s Majesty that now is, whilst he was Prince of Orange', or who have associated on his Behalf; or who have, with or without Commission, acted any thing to promote his Interest before his Accession to the Crown.

Resolved, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill. Another Clause for repealing the Acts for the Militia, was offered to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Clause be committed, upon the Debate of the House, unto Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Phil. Foley, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Sir Williams, Sir Edzu. Harley, Colonel Birch, Mr.

Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Tho.; or any Three of them.

Proceedings Ordered, That Mr. Grey, Mr. Carter, and all the Gen-on Con- tlemen of the Long. Robe, be added to the Committee ference*. for searching the Journals of the House of Lords, and this

House, touching the Proceedings upon Conferences in Passing of Bills.

Proceeding* Ordered, That the Record of the Judgment upon the

Sfa"'l,}1Sir Information against Sir Wm. Williams, be read To-W. Williams. tiv

morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

.1689.

Mercurii, 10* die Julii; l* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AP ET ITIO N of Sir Bazill Firebrace was presented Prohibited to the House, and opened; That in the Beginning of February last, when his Majesty had forbid all Ships going to France, the Petitioner ordered his Factor at Burdeaux, to send what Goods were bought, for his Account, to some Port in Spain, by Spanish Ships; that so the Petitioner might bring home the same in English Shipping, without forfeiting the Bonds which were then taken, that no Ships Should go from hence to France: Whereupon the Petitioner’s Factors sent Sixty-four Tuns and One Hogshead Claret Wine to Bilboa in Spaine, about the Beginning of April last; which still lie there, upon his Account, for want of Shipping, by reason of his Majesty’s long Embargo: Wherefore, for that the Petitioner paid for the said Wine, before any Mention of the present Act for prohibiting French Commodities was made; and prayed the Consideration of the House; and Relief therein.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir John Guise reports from the Committee to whom Imh it was referred to prepare an Address to be presented to Protestants, his Majesty, That he would be pleased to appoint a Fund for Credit for such as would lend Money for Relief of the Irish Protestants fled into this Kingdom, That the Committee had prepared an Address accordingly: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

WE Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, humbly represent to your Majesty’s Consideration the distressed Condition of the Protestant Nobility and Gentry of Your Majesty’s Kingdom of Ireland, whose Estates are seized by the Papists, for their refusing to join with them in the present Rebellion against your Majesty, whereby they are become destitute of all Means to support themselves and their Families.

We therefore make it our humble Petition to Your Majesty, that, until such time that That Kingdom be reduced to Your Majesty’s Obedience and Subjection, and they restored to their just Rights and Estates, Your Majesty would be pleased to appoint a Fund for Credit for such as will lend Money for their Relief: And we shall, with all Thankfulness, reimburse what Your Majesty shall advance upon this urgent and charitable Occasion.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, and by Sir John Guise.

An ingrossed Bill for laying an additional Custom upon Supply Bill Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, was read the Third time. Coffee, Stc.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, to be made Part of the Bill: Which was twice read; and was for an Abatement of Ten Pounds per Cent, upon Payment of ready Money for the Custom, and for drawing back the whole Custom upon Exportation again within a Twelve-month;.

And the Question being put, That the Proviso be read a Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill in Press # , Line # , of leaving out " containing as aforesaid And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for collecting the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Custom-house.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew Andrews do carry up the

Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Ordered,

Irish Affairs*

Supply Bill i Excise.

Leave of Absence.

College of Physicians.

Privilege — Prosecutions for things done by Orders of the House.

W.#M.

IO°-rr-.il° Julii.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inquire Who has been the Occasion of the Delays in sending Relief over into Ireland, and particularly to Londonderry, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon: And that Mr. Kendall, Mr. Fenwick, Lord Sherrard, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Blowfield, Mr. Bleake, Mr. Blockland, Mr. Shorard, Mr. Phil. Gell, Sir Jo. Sir John

Barker, Major Vincent, Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Phil. Foley, Mr. Tho. Foley, be added to the said Committee.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for an additional Excise was referred, That the Committee had thought fit to make several Amendments, and add several Clauses to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, several of them, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

One of the Amendments, Folio 2, Line 12, to fill up the Blank with " Seventeen," being read a Second time;

The Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Another of the Amendments, Folio 3, Line 15, Fill up the Blank with " Five Shillings," being read a Second time;

The Question was put, That the House doth agree with the Committee:

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Blank be filled up with " One Shilling and Three-pence."

Another of the Amendments, Folio 4, Line 21, Fill up the Blank with " Four-and-thirty," being read a Second time;

And a Debate arising thereupon, and upon other subsequent Amendments, touching the Measure of Ale and Beer; and also touching the Allowances to be made to Brewers;

Resolved, That some Members do withdraw, and make the same agreeable to the Debate of the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Barker, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Hen. Capel, Serjeant Wogan, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Walt. Young, Sir W,in. Williams, Mr. Attorney General,

Sir Cha. Blois, Sir Dune. Colchester, Mr. Grey.

Ordered, That Mr. Etcrick have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

313

Case was; and he, not knowing what he was to attend upon, could not give an Account thereof: But that, if any such Judgment was, he hoped it was according to Law, as the Matter was pleaded.

And then he withdrew.

And a Debate arising in the House, upon the aforesaid general Assertion of Sir Fran. Pemberton;

Resolved, That he be called in; to answer to, and give his Reasons for the same.

And he came in: And, being acquainted with what the House had ordered, he desired to answer to the Whole together, both as to that, and the particular Case of Jay and Topham.

And then withdrew.

And a Debate arising in the House, Whether he Should be called in to answer and give his Reasons immediately;

Resolved, That he be called in; and give his Reasons immediately for That Assertion.

And he being called in; and acquainted with the Resolution of the House; he said, That what he spoke was Quoad hoc, to That Case: However, he gave what (he said) were his present Thoughts and Reasons.

And then withdrew.

And a Debate arising in the House, Whether the Orders and Proceedings of this House being pleaded to the Jurisdiction of the Court of King’s Bench; the same ought to be over-ruled;

The Question was put, That the Debate be adjourned;

And it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Orders and Proceedings of this House, being pleaded to the Jurisdiction of the Court of the King’s Bench, ought not to he over-ruled.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Pemberton, and Sir Thomas Jones do attend this House on Saturday Morning next; to give the House an Account why they gave Judgment in the King’s Bench for over-ruling the Plea of John Topham, at the Suit of John Jay, pleaded to the Jurisdiction of that Court.

Ordered, That the Record of the Judgment, upon the Information against Sir Wm. Williams, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

A Message from the Ixirds, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Francklin;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better governing the College of Physicians in London: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, That Sir Francis Pemberton and Sir Tho. Jones attended, pursuant to the Order of tire House;

Resolved, That they be called in.

And Sir Francis Pemberton being come in; and acquainted, That, in the Case of Jay and Topham, he (when a Judge of the King’s Bench) gave Judgment to over-rule a Plea, of the Order of this House, put into the Jurisdiction of that Court; and that the House desired to know the Grounds and Reasons for his so doing;

He acquainted the House, That he knew little of that Case, it was so long since: But said, That in case the Defendant Should plead, that he did arrest the Plaintiff by the Order of this House; and Should plead that to the Jurisdiction of the Court of King's Bench; he thought (with Submission) he could satisfy the House, that such a Plea ought to be over-ruled and that he took the Law to be so, very clear.

And then withdrew.

Sir Thomas Jones being come in; he was acquainted as before: To which he said, That it was lone since That Vol. X.

Jovis, IT die Julii; i° Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

MR. Carter reports from the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, Why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the Amendments by them proposed to be made to the Bill for declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subjects, and settling the Succession of the Crown, That the Committee had agreed upon Reasons accordingly: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

The Commons do not agree to your Lordships First Amendment, in the 7th Skin, and Line 25, for the Reasons following:

It not being contained in the Declaration which was presented by both Houses to their Majesties upon their Acceptance of the Crown.

A further Limitation of the Crown may be dangerous, and of ill Consequence.

To the last Amendment propounded by your Lordships to be made, by leaving out, from the Word " accordingly," in Line 25, in the Eighth Skin, to the End of the Bill, the Commons do not agree, for t,he Reasons

The

following;

3 H

Proceeding* against Sir W. William*.

Committee*.

Rights of th* Subject, and sealing the Crown.

Conference desired with Lords.

Attainting

several Persons.

Gun-makers

Petition.

Leave of Absence.

Supply Bill; Excise.

the Dispeflsing Pbweragfcinst Statute LaW4 hath'bgdn assumed within TSme'of Memory.

It hath unreasonably ihcreftsed, froth time to time, to the Overthrow of Multitudes of good Laws.

All Laws made for the Benefit of Trhde' may be thereby eluded; arid Monopolies erected;

And generally the Mischiefs that have been consequent thereupon, are so great, ' that the Commons can Arid no Remedy to prevent the same, but by insisting upon this Clause 'arid Proviso.

Ordered, That the Committee, who prepared the said Reasons, do manage the said' Conferente.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Trenchard do go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments to the said Bill.

An ingrossed BUI for attainting certairi Persons was read the Third time.

Several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill, by adding in the Saving " to their Majesties, and others," and Press # , Line *, instead of " August next," to insert " August 1689;" and adding the Christian Names of "William Mansellto "Barker," and "Hugh" to " Southerland," throughout the BUI: All which were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for attainting several Persons now in Rebellion against their Majesties.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Trenchard do carry up the BUI to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Company of G un-makers Vas read.

Resolved, That the same be recommended to the Board of the Ordnarice, to compose the Matter thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher Musgraoc have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Captain Hyd have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight'.

Mr. Grey remits from the Committee, to whom some of the Amendments to the Bill for the additional Excise was referred, That they had agreed upon Amendments to be made thereof: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second Time, one by one; and agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth;

Folio 4, Line 24, after the Word "small," insert " brewed or made in any Part of England, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, by any the Person or Persons aforesaid, other than within the Cities of London and Westminster, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality."

Folio 5, Line 1, after "Brewers," add "other than within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality aforesaid."

Line 7, after " notwithstanding," add " and that every Barrel of Beer and Ale, made or brewed within the said Cities of London and Westminster, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality aforesaid, by any the Persons aforesaid, shall be reckoned, accounted, and returned, and the same are respectively to be reckoned, accounted, and returned by the former Acts of Excise; and that the common Brewers within the Cities of London and Westminster, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall have the like Allowances for Waste, by Filling and Leakage out of the said Gaugers Returns, as by the said former Acts are directed."

Then the Residue of the Amendments and Clauses, not before read a Second time, were read a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, except Clause E for the Officers relating to the Excise not to intermeddle, until they had taken the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and an

25

A. 168S9*

Oath'nbt to deceive ariy Fefe 'df RbWrifd frbiri ariy Persda but their Majesties; arid 'entered riCertiflcrite thereof, tfitii the Auditor’of the Ekcise, riphri'a Penalty: Which Clause was, upon the Question put theredpori; rejected!

AnvAmendment was propdsed to be riihde in the Rlll-j byleaving out the Clause relating to Ale and Beer, of above Seventeen Shillirigs the Bartel; and, upon the Question put thereupon, it was agreed unto by the HouSe.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, by leaving out the Clause relating to the' Paying'of the Excise for Cyder and Perry made and sold; and, instead thereof, to insert these Words, "for all-Cyder arid Perry made and sold by Retail, upon every Hogshead, to be paidly the Retailer thereof, over and above the Duties already payable for the same, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser MeasureAnd the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, For no Brewer to use Melasses in his Brewing: Which was twice read: And, after an Amendment thereof, by adding,

" or coarse Sugar, or Honey, or other Extract or Composition of Sugar," the same was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, for all Brandy or Spirits wrecked, to pay a Duty of Excise: Which was once read.

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time.

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, for the Brewers of London to have Liberty to appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

And the Question being put, That the same be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard acquaints the House, That he Lord* *gre« having (according to their Order) been up with the Lords, to Conference. to desire a Conference; they have agreed to a Conference,

Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Tanned Sir John Francklin; Leather.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled,

An Act for explaining Part of an Act made in the First Year of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Mr. Attorney General reports from the Committee, Militia, to whom the Clause for Repeal of the former Laws relate-ing to the Militia was referred, That they had agreed upon a Clause accordingly: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

A Clause was- offered to be made Part of the Bill, for such as had received any Trophy Money, to give an Account thereof; and also for the Receivers or Treasurers for the Time to come, to give Security to account:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, for the Governor of the Tower to turn the Militia of the Tower Hamlets into Fuzileers, and for him to appoint ai Treasurer, and do other Things relating to that Militia, as the Lieutenancy of the City of London do to theirs:

Which was once read.

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, as it is amended, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Ordered, 'that the Report, from the Committee of Rri- Abbington vileges arid Ejections, touching the Election of a Burgess Glectiou.

to

M.

11* — irf

Committees

added.

Proceedings against Sir

W.Williams.

Proceedings

against Sir \V. Williams, for Matters done by Order of the House;

Voted illegal.

Judgment to be reversed*

Attorney General to account for Proceedings.

Answer to Address.

Message from the King to expedite Business.

to serve in thisprbserit FariianlcSit for the Bdiobghofvli-bingtonin the County of iterfoy, be-shade onAfotiday mM.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Treiichdrdl Sir J&ni. Poult' ney, Marquis of Winchester, Holt',

iiord Coote, Mr. Prom ley, Mr. Reyn ell, Jilr. Palmes, Sir Bob. Davers, Mr'. Tho. Foley, Mr. Vant, Mr. Wildman, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Robert Russell, Sir Sir Rice

Budd, Sir James Rushout, be added to the Committee, to whom the Address sent down from the Lords, to be presented to his Majesty, was referred.

Ordered, That the Record of1 the Judgment; upon the Information against Sir William Williams, be read Tomorrow- Morning; the first Business.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

--1 ' l Ami i. i.i .-!

Venens, 12° d

i° Gulielmi et Mari®.

Praters.

THE Record of the Judgment of the Court of King’s Bench, upon the Information against William hams Esquire, now Sir William WilliaKnight and Ba-

ronet, in the Name of Sir Robert Sawyer, then Attorney General in 2° Jacobi IIdl, was read.

Resolved, That the Judgment given in the Court of King’s Bench in Easter Term, 2° Jac IIdI, against Williams, Esquire, Speaker of the House of Commons, in the Parliament held at Westminster, 250 Octobris, 32* Car. IP', for Matters done by Order of the House of Commons, and as Speaker thereof, is an illegal Judgment, and against the Freedom of Parliament.

Then an Act of Parliament for a Pardon to one Rotul, 1*Hen. IV. N° 104, was read.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in, to reverse the said Judgment:

And1 it is referred unto Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Hawks, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Roberts, Sir Rob. Cotton, to prepare the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Sawyer, a Member of this House, do attend in his place Tomorrow Morning, to give the House a particular Account, What Orders and Directions he had for the ProsecutionofSirfCm. Williams, Upon the Information brought and prosecuted against him in the King’s Bench, by the said Sir Robert Sawyer, when he was Attorney General, relating to the Printing of DhUgerfield’s Narrative.

Sir Robert Howard acquaints the House, That he, with others of the Privy Council, had attended his Majesty with the Address of this House, That Colonel Richards may be bailed: And that his Majesty was graciously pleased to condescend, that he Should be bailed.

Sir Rob. Howard aquaints the House, That he had something further in command from his Majesty to let them know; viz. That his Majesty is very sensible of the great Burden of Business that has lain upon them, and which he hopes is flow so near being finished, that the Country may receive the Advantage of a Recess, by the several Members assisting in the Settlement of publick Affairs; and1 also, that they may have the benefit by it, to take Care of their own private Concerns: And that, though his Majesty believes, that this House is assured, that, by what preparation is made, and must be continued mid increased, there will be need of greater Sums of Money; yet his Majesty is sd sensible of the Condition of this House, that he is willing no further Proceedings upon Raising of Money Should be, till the Meeting towards Winter, other than what the House themselves have now designed: And had commanded him to tell the House, that what they have given him, shall be so applied', as that, when they meet again, he is confident they will receive Satisfaction, which he always desires, in the Examining of: Voe. X.

— *3° Julii. 215

Lastly; His Majesty commanded hifnto remind them of the Act of Indemnity. Which'wai all he had’in Command]

Resolved, Nenthte cmi&adicente, That the humblfe Thank* for

Thdnks of this House be - given to his Majesty, for his Message, most gracious Message this Day 9ent to this Hbuse.

Ordered, That' Sir Roti&t Howard do present -such the Thanks of1 this House to his Majesty.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Monday Morriing next, take the Act of Indemnity into consideration.

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause into Crown the Bill for settling the Revenue, That the Lands, Reve- 1{evenue-nues, and all Estates granted to, or in Trust for, or1 belonging to the- Queen Consort of the late King James the Second, be vested in the King and Queen’s Majesty; and for the repealing all Acts of Parliament made for settling or confirming the same upon the said late Queen.

Resolved, That the Revenue to’be settled upon their Majesties be free from any Charges or Incumbrances.

Then the Managers went to- the Conference with tile? Conference Lords, according to the Order of Yesterday. -with Lord*.

Air. Carter reports from the Conference, that the Managers had attended the same: And that the Duke of Bolton managed for the Lords: And that they gave their Reasons why this House doth not agree with tile Lords in the Amendments by them proposed to the Bill, for declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Mr. Houses to attend Leave for the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between the A?,emJe,r to King and the Lord Mayor of London. a *n ur

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 13* diJulii; i° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant Appleby* to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ Election, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Applebye, in the County of Mnd, in the Room of Philip Musgrave, Esquire, deceased.

A Bill for reversing the Judgment given upon the Quo London Warranto against the City of London; and for restoring Charter, the Citizens of the said City to their ancient Liberties; was read the Second time.

Resolved, that the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, unto Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Chadwick,

Afr. Hamden, Mr. Evlyn, Sir Wiin. Williams, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Done, Mr. Bickerstqffe, Mr. Solicitor General,

Air. Tho. Foky, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Carter, Sir Wliter Young, Mr. Leveson Gowre, Mr. Air. Pa-

pillion, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Cha. Bloise, Mr. Sir

John Barker, Sir Nevill Catlyn, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Air.

Randall, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Rob.

Cotton, Sir Waltei' Moyk, Lord Commissioner Maynard,

Sir Trevor Williams, Alarquis Winchester, Mr. Phil.Foky,

Sir Wm. Poullney, Colonel Trtlwwny, Lord Sherrard, Sir John Browntow, Mr. Pollexfen, Sir and all the

Alembers that serve for the Counties of Essex, Kent, Middlesex, and Surrey, and for the City of London, and all Alembers that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Four of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of Martha Bolton, Wridow, was read; set- East India ting forth. That George Sheldon, her Brother, and one Company. Gabriel Powell, Two of the Nine Persons condemned by Alartial Law at Sancta Helkna, having, in December last,

delivered to one Captain Dore, (then coming for England),

a Petition

East India Company.

Oaths taken by Officers in the Army.

216 *3° J1.689.

a Petition to the late King James; setting forth, The ill Usage they had from the East India Company, and their Agents; whereof as soon as Major the Governor, and Holden, the Deputy, had Notice, they ordered them immediately to be clapt up in the Hole (a Dungeon without light): And that the Petitioner’s Brother Sheldon was, by ill Usage, very sick, when they carried him into the Dungeon; and was so ill when there, that he begged, on his Knees, to have the Door opened to let in some Air: But it being denied him, he died in Five Hours: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petitions against the Company are referred; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of George White was read; setting forth, That his Brother went to India in 1675, on aShip freighted by the East India Company; and remained there, by Permission, on giving Security to indemnify him from One hundred Pounds Penalty, for any Person left behind him; which, being exacted by the Company, was paid by his Brother’s Correspondent here: And that his Brother, by the Company’s Factors, was introduced into the Service of the King of Syam; and, by the Petitioner’s Interest in that Court, advanced to a very beneficial Employ; continuing in that prosperous Estate Twelve Years, never receiving any Command from the Company to return for England, or any Intimation of their Displeasure for his Stay there; but encouraged by their Factors, with whom he friendly corresponded, and traded yearly to the Company’s Port of Madrasse, with his own Ships: That, in 1687, the Company’s Factors and Servants unjustly seized the Petitioner’s Brother’s Ships and Merchandize, to the Amount of Twenty thousand Pounds; and condemned the same, confiscating it to the Company's Use, contrary to the very Charter whereon they ground a pretended Authority of their illegal Proceedings: And in seizing one of his Ships, called the Satisfaction, in the Red Seas, they killed Wm. Randall her Master: And that, in 1687, the Company made an Assault on Mergen Port, in , where the Petitioner’s Brother then resided, who very narrowly escaped with Life; and lost thereby, above Twenty thousand Pounds more; and is, after all these Losses and Sufferings, lately dead, leaving Two young Children under the Petitioner’s Care, who is their Guardian, and administered to the Goods and Chattles of their Father: And therefore praying the Consideration and Relief of the House for the Benefit of the poor Children.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petitions against the East India Company are referred; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the several Petitions against the East India Company ....., be revived; and do sit this Afternoon: And that Mr. Sir Walter Moyle, Mr. Barrage, Mr. Harley, Sir Cha. Blois, Sir Philip Gell, Sir John Thomson, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Carter, Mr. Smitk, Mr. Hobby, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Walter Young, Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr. Sir

Twisden, Mr. Chadzoicke, Sir Catlyn, Sir Cha.

Caesar, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Ash, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bock-land, Mr. White, Sir Wm. Yorke, Sir Tho. Samwell, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Fenwick, Lord Sherrard, Mr. be added to the said Committee.

Mr. Gzvyn reports from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to regulate the Administration of Oaths, required to be taken by Commission or Warrant Officers, employed in their Majesties Service by Land, by virtue of an Act made this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Abrogating of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths, was referred; That the Committee did not think fit to make any Alteration in the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gzvyn do cany up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House thereunto, without any Alteration.

Ordered, That Mr. Newport have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Mr. Peregrine Bertye have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Mr. Glynhave Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hervey have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley, who is High Sheriff of his County, have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke, and Sir Adam Ottley;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to communicate to this House the Answers of Captain Vaughan, John Elliot, and Frederick Mole, to the Impeachment exhibited against them:

Also, That the Lords have agreed to the Bill for re-versingTwo Judgments in the King's Bench, against Titus Oates, Clerk; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Answer of Captain Vaughan was read; and is as followeth;

The humble Answer of Captain Henry Vaughan, now Prisoner in Newgate, to the Articles of Impeachment of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Offences, exhibited to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, against the said Captain Henry Vaughan, and others therein named; whereof he stands impeached by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of England.

THE said Henry Vaughan, in the first Place, protesting his Innocency of and from all the Treasons and other Crimes and Offences whatsoever in the said Articles contained; and no way acknowledging, granting, or admitting all or any the Clauses, Articles, or Matters in the said Articles of Impeachment contained or specified, so far as the same any way concern him, to be true, as in and by the same Articles of Impeachment is supposed; and humbly craving that all Benefit and Advantage may be saved to him, of excepting to the Generality, Uncertainty, and Deficiency of the said Charge; as likewise, the Benefit of having and relying upon your Lordships great Judgment, Whether the Crimes and Offences sa imposed upon him by the said Impeachment do, by the certain and known Laws of this Realm, so renowned for Right and Justice, amount to the High Crime of Treason: Which being prayed; and, as he hopeth, being granted; For Answer thereunto, he saith, That he is not, nor ever was, guilty of the said Treasons, Crimes, and Offences, or of any or either of them, of which he stands charged by the said Impeachment: And, for his Tryal thereof, putting himself upon and humbly submitteth to, the Judgment of your Lordships, whose Justice he doth and always shall rely upon, and therein acquiesce.

Hen. Vaughan.

The several Answers of John Elliott, and Frederick Mole, were read; being the same, mutatis mutandis, with Captain Vaughan's.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Then

Leave of Absence.

Vaughan’s, &c. Impeachment

Reversing

Judgments

against

Oatea.

Vaughan’* &c. Impeachment.

I W. & M.

13 ° Juki. 2i

Reversing Then the Amendments, proposed by the Lords to be Judgments made to the said Bill for reversing the Judgments against g8 Titus Oates Clerk, were read the First time throughout: And are as followeth;

Ult’ Pr. 27 L. Leave out " the said Verdicts brought in against the said Tiles Oates, were corrupt and."

29 L. After " Bench," insert " against the said Titus Oates wereand after " erroneous," read " unprecedented, and soand for " illegal, and are of evil Example to future Ages," read " that the Practice thereof ought to be prevented for the time to come."

34 L. Leave out " said Verdicts be held null and void; and that the;" and, after " Bench," leave out " and the Judgment given on the said Writs of Error"

37 L. Leave out " Verdicts and;" and, after " Judgments," add, " in the Court of King’s Bench;" and, after " defaced," leave out " any thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding." And add the Clauses marked A. B: Which Clauses are as followeth;

Clause A. " And it is hereby further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful at any time hereafter, to inflict the like excessive Punishments again on any Person whatsoever."

Clause B. " Provided always, and it is hereby Enacted and Declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That until the said Matters, for which the said Oates was convicted as aforesaid for Perjury be heard and determined in Parliament, that the said shall not be received

in any Court, Matter, or Cause whatsoever, to be a W itness, or give any Evidence; any thing in this Act in any wise contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

The First of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Second of the said Amendments being read a Second time; -

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

It passed in the Negative.

The Third of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fourth of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause A being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause B being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That it be referred to a Committee, to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, Why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the said Amendments.

And it is referred unto Sir Ijob. Howard, Mr. Blake, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Tho. Littleton, Major Wildman, Sir Fran. Russell, Mr. Arnold, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir JVm. Strickland, Sir John Thomson, Lord Marquis Winchester, Mr. Buscowen, Sir Walter Young, Serjeant Sir

Wm. Asliurst, Colonel Birch, Mr. Carter, Mr. Haivles, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Smith, Mr. Holt, Lord Commissioner Maynard, Sir John Mr. Ell-

trell: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. X.

The House being informed, that there are some En- Matters tries in the Books of Benjamin Hinton, a Banker, of the relating to City of London, of Monies paid to Ireland the Jesuit, Ireland tha about the time that Mr. Oates swore Ireland trf be in ‘,e8Ult’

Town: And that the said Hinton, and Servants, could give other Evidence in relation thereunto;

Ordered, That some Members be appointed to examine into the Matters aforesaid.

And it is referred unto Colonel Birch, Sir Rob. Clayton, Sir John Thomson, Mr. Holt, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Buscowen, Mr. Hoiks, to do the same $ and report the same to the House.

Sir John Guise acquaints the House, from the Com- Irish Affair*, mittee, to whom it was referred to examine into the Miscarriages that have happened in relation to Ireland and Londonderry, That it has appeared to them,- that several Persons, who are now in Arms in Ireland, were in Custody here in England, and released: And that Passes were given to them: And that Mr. a

Member of this House, was then Secretary to his Majesty; particularly the Lord Dungan, Colonel Saffcild,

Sir Neale O Neale, Colonel Simon Lulterell, Colonel H.

Hamilton, Colonel Dorington, Colonel Antony Hamilton,

Major Barker, Colonel Clifford, and Lord

And that the Committee had directed him to move,

That Mr. Jepson might give an Account thereof to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Jepson do, on Monday Morning next, give the House such Account as he can touching the Passes granted to the said Persons.

Ordered, That the Auditor of the Exchequer do bring Secret in an Account of what Monies have been paid out of s*rvlc#* the Exchequer for Secret Service, and to whom, since the Beginning of the Year 1682.

Sir John Guise acquaints the House, That some of the Answer to Members of the House, That were of his Majesty’s most Addresses, honourable Privy Council, and he, had, according to the Order of the House, attended his Majesty with the Second Address from this House, For giving Leave to some Members of this House to inspect the Books of the Privy Council; and the Books of the Irish Committee; and to take Copies thereof, as relates to the Irish Affairs;

And that his Majesty was pleased to answer, That he would consider of it:

And also, That they had attended his Majesty with another Address from this House, That his Majesty would please to appoint a Fund for Credit, for such as Should furnish Money for Relief of the Irish Protestants, fled into this Kingdom: And that his Majesty was pleased to say at first, That he liked it well: And that his Majesty asking, What was the Sense of the House touching that Matter; and being told, That those Irish were in Necessity; and that the House would take care to satisfy what Should be disbursed; his Majesty was pleased to say, That be would do what he could in it

A Debate arose upon his Majesty’s Answer to the said first-mentioned Address.

Resolved, Nendne contradicente, That those Persons, Resolution that have been the Occasion of delaying the sending on Irish Relief to Ireland, and those Persons that advise the Affairs.

King to defer the giving Leave for some Members of this House to inspect the Minute Books of the Committee for Irish Affairs, are Enemies to the King and Kingdom.

Then a Debate arose in the House touching an Address to be presented to his Majesty, for removing the Marquis of Hallifax, and Marquis of Carmarthen, from his Councils.

Resolved, That the said Debate be adjourned until Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Fran. Pemberton, Sir Thomas sir Francis

Jones, and Sir Robert Saxcyer, do attend this House on Pemberton,

3 I Tuesday &c. to attend,

Wounded

Seamen.

218

n°~ls°

A., i

Tuesday Momittg next, to answer to such Matter as they were ordered to attend upon this Day.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning’ Eight of the Clock.

Lima, 15° die;

1° Gulielmi et Mariae.

F R'A Y E R S.

MR. Papillion reports from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider how Provision Should be made for such Seamen as are or shall be wouncTed; and for the Wives and Children of such as are or shall be slain in their Majesties Service, or in Merchant Ships; That the Committee made Inquiry concerning thfe Chest at Chatham; how and by whom , that Affair was managed; how the Monies thereto belonging were riaised; and how and in what Manner and Proportion distributed: And, on Examination thereof, and Information of Sir Richard Haddock and others, Commissioners of the Navy, they find,

That for a Relief to Mariners wounded and dismembered in Eight, in the Service of the Crown, the same was constituted in Queen Elizs time: That, the Governors thereof are the Two Masters of Attendance, the first Shipwright of , Two Boat-

swains, Two Gunners, and Two Pursers of the great Ships.; to wit, of the First and Second Rate Ships; these are chosen every Year by the former Governors; and ordinarily the Officers of the First and Second Rate Ships are taken in Turn: And, as Supervisors over these, there are Two of the Commissioners of the Navy chosen by the other Governors:

That the Monies appropriated to this Constitution do arise,

From Six-pence each Month deducted out of the Pay of every common Seaman in the King’s Service:

From Lands formerly purchased, which are of the yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds and upwards:

From the Allowance of Four-pence per Month out of each Seaman’s Pay for a Chaplain; and Two-pence for the Surgeon: Which, when there is no Chaplain or Surgeon, by Order of King Charles the Second, was to be applied1 to this Service:

And also, all Forfeitures, Fines, and Mulcts, set and imposed on all Officers for Misdemeanors, by Order of King James the Second, were to be applied to this Use. That the Distribution is as follows;

To every Person that hath lost One Leg, or One Arm, Twenty Nobles pa' Annum:

' To every one that hath lost Two Legs, or Two Arms, Twenty Marks per Annum:

To him that hath lost an Eye, Five Pounds per Annum: And to all others, according to the Proportion of their Wounds, on View of the Surgeon.

That, when any Pension is settled, there is a Year's Pension given as an Introduction gratis: Which is commonly called Smart Money.

That, the Number of Pensioners, that were living at the last Pay in May 1688, were Six hundred and Fifty; and their Pay amounted to Five thousand Six hundred Ninety-four Pounds Seven Shillings and Seven-pence.

That the Income That Year, besides the Lands, amounted to about One thousand Three hundred Pounds.

That the rest was supplied (as it hath formerly been accustomed) by the King.

That, at the last Pay, in May 1688, there was Two Years Pay in Arrears: and, in May 1689, there was Three Years Pay due.

That the Treasurer of the Navy keeps an Account of all that is deducted from the Seamen out of their Pay: And what the same, with the yearly Income of their Lands, falls Short of answering all the Pensions, is sup- . plied by the King: The Lord Treasurer, or Lords 19

Commissioners of the Treasury, assign Money to the Treasurer of the Navy for* the same: And, by; Warrant from the Commissioners of the Navy, he pays the Money to the Governors of the Chest of Chattam.

That, out of the Chest at , there is no Allowance made for the Widows and Children of such as are slain in Fight: But there hath been accustomed to be allowed and paid as the King’s Bounty,

To the Widow of every Seaman, killed-in Fight in the King's Service, Eleven Months Pay, according to the Quality of the Person slain:

And to every Child, that is unmarried at the Father’s Death, One Third Part of Eleven Months Pay: And, in case the said One Third Part, for any Child, amounts to Twenty Pounds and upwards, the Money is put into the Chamber of London for the Use of such Child: And, if it be under Tvrenty Pounds, then into the Hands of the Churchwardens of the Parish where the Fathef dwelt.

That, in case the Person, killed in Fight, be a Ba* chelor, and that his Mother be a Widow, and indigent; of Fifty Years of Age and upwards, then there is Eleven Months Pay paid unto her, in the same manner as there is to the Wife of a married Person that is slain.

That the Officers of Fire Ships have equal Allowances to Officers of the Fourth Rate Ships.

That all wounded Men, during their Cure, lie at the King’s Charge: But there is no publick Place or Hospital approp.iated for them: The Hospital of St. Thomas in Southwarke, and St. Bartholomew, London, are made

use of to this Purpose.

That the said Committee made also Inquiry, What Relief was given to Seamen by the Corporation of the Trinity, House; and how the same did arise; and how it is managed: And from the Master and Wardens of the said Corporation, were informed,

That, for the Encouragement of Seamen and Navigation, the said Corporation was settled in the Reign of King Henry VIII

That, by the Charter, there are several Duties paid to them lor Buoys, Beacons, Lights, Load, Mdnage, and Primage: And that, of late, something is settled on them; out of the Profits arising by Ballasting of Ships.

That the said Corporation huve also Lands to the Value of about Two hundred and Fiity Pounds per Annum; the Revenue whereof is to be disposed aniong the Poor.

That the whole Amount of the Duties received, and the Revenue of the Land, from Day 1688, to Lady Day 1689, came to Three thousand Five hundred Ninety-one Pounds.

That out of the same there is to be taken the Charge for maintaining the Buoys, Beacons, and Lights, w’hich comes annually to upwards of Seven hundred Pounds.

That they maintain, out of the said Monies, Fifty-seven Alms-houses, which are paid monthly; and is from Eleven Pounds to Twenty Pounds each House per Month. '

That, at Christmas last, they had One thousand Three hundred and Fifty monthly Pensioners, who are paid the First Monday in every Month, from Two Shillings and Six-pence, to Five Shillings each Person.

That the last Year’s Payment to the Almsmen and Pensioners, came to Two thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen Pounds.

That there are also other accidental Poor, that are relieved; the Charge whereof doth annually amount to One hundred and Fifty Pounds, or thereabout.

That, every Month, the Warden makes up his Account of Receipts and Payments: Which is read before the Court; and, at the Year’s End, the Account is audited: And by Order, there is constantly One thousand Pounds kept in Cash, for to answer all emergent Occasions:

And, as the Income increaseth, so they do inlarge the Numbers of their Pensioners: But the Number of them is never less than One thousand Two hundred.

That

L 5 Julii.

itg

That there aye no Pensions granted to any by this Corporation; that haye( Bensjonsout of the Chest at Chat tarn; bhfc the Widows of Seamen, as well those that, their Husbands. died in the King’s Service, as in Merchants Ships* are equally considered; as also the Orphans.

That the Duties received for Buoys,. Beacons, Lights, $C. are. only from Merchants Ships, and nothing from Men of War; so that;in time of War, the Receipts, will fall Short.

That the Light-houses, under the Care of the Trinity House, are at present only Four; whereof they receive the Duties; viz.

That the Light at Silly, for which all English Ships pay One Half-peny per Ton Outwards, and One Half-peny per Ton Inwards, and Strangers Ships the Double the said Duty, produceth, clear of all Charges, about Three hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum.

Lastoff Light in Suffblke:

Caster- Light by Yarmouth

The Duties of these Two Lights are included with the Duties of Buoyage and Beaconage: For which there is taken Five Shillings and Four-pence, for every hundred Ton per Voyage.

WintertonLight, the Duty whereof is Twelve-pence per Voyage, by all English Ships; and by Strangers, the Double; which may produce about Eighty Pounds per Annum, clear of all Charges.

That, by an Act of Parliament in the Eighth of tile Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity House, at DebtJ'ordStrand, are impoivered from time to time, at

their Wills and Pleasures, and at their Costs, to make, erect, and set up, such and so many Beacons, Marks, and Signs for Sea Marks, as to them Should seem requisite.

That, upon the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity House, to King James the First, in February 1616; and a Report of Sir Fran. Bacon, then his Majesty’s Attorney General, on the Case; the Lords of his Majesty's Council, by their Order, dated the Twenty-sixth March 1617, declare their Opinions, That the said Master and Wardens ought solely to have the Erecting and Disposing of all such Sea Marks and Signs: And that no other Persons ought to intermeddle therein.

That, by an Act made 1® Jac. II4', intituled, An Act to encourage the Building of Ships in England, there is a Duty of Five Shillings per Ton, laid on all Foreign-‘built Ships and Vessels, that Should, after that time, be bought and employed in carrying Goods from Port to Port; as also, another Duty of Twelve-pence per Ton, on such Foreign Ships as were not free; ter be paid for every Voyage al ter Michaelmas 1689: Both which Duties, by the said Act, are appropriated One Half to the Chest of Chatlam; and the other Half to the Trinity House,

towards Relief of wounded and decayed Seamen, then* Widows and Children. Since the making the said Act, nothing hath been received of the First Duty of Five Shillings per Ton; and the other Duty of Twelve-pence per Ton is not to commence till next Michaelmas.

That the Committee (for further Provision to be made for all Seamen that Should be wounded in Fight, and for the Widows and Children of such as Should be slain) finding, by the Information of the Master and Wardens of the Trhiilye House, That the Monies levied on the Subject for the Light-houses, under their Management, did amount to much more than the Cost and Charges for erecting and maintaining the same; therefore they took into Consideration the several Light-houses granted to private Persons, by Patent; as conceiving, that the Monies arising the reby, above the necessary Charge, could not be more suitably employed than for the Good of them that paid it.

That the several Light-houses, held by private Persons, and the Duties, by them taken from the Subject, appears, by the Copies of the several Patents brought to the Committee, to be as followeth;

One Light, called the Spurne Light, granted by Patent, dated the Fourteenth of June, in the Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, to Justinian and his

Vol. X.

Heirs and Assigns for ever; reciting a former Grant, dated Wounded the Twenty-fifth October, in the Twenty-seventh Year of S«amen. his Reign; whereby, on Petition of several Mariners and Owners of Ships, the said Justinian Angell was impowered to erect, build, and maintain the said Light for ever; and to take a Farthing per Ton of all Ships; and then, on Complaint, that the said Farthing was not sufficient, and Certificate from the TrinilyeHouse at Newcastle, the said former Grant is confirmed; and, instead of a Farthing per Ton, there is One Ilalfpeny per Ton to be taken of all English Ships, and One Peny of all Foreigners; a Relit to the Crown of Five Pounds per Annum-, and a Proviso, That if the said Grant Should appear prejudicial, or not of publick Use, that then, on Signification, under the Privy Seal, the said Patent to be void:

One Light at 7 'inmouth, granted to Sir Eduard Fillers forever, by King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patents, dated the 30® Junii, in the Seventeenth Year of his Reign: The said Patent recites, That anciently Four-pence for every English Ship, and Twelve-pence for each Foreign Ship, had been paid for maintaining a. Light there; which being fallen down, Sir Edzcard hath

rebuilt the same: Therefore this Patent grants him tp take One Shilling for every Ship belonging to the English; and Three Shillings of every Foreign Ship, he paying Twenty Marks per Annum to the Crown.

One Light at Dungcnesse, granted to Shipman for One-and-thirty Years, by Patent, dated 14 February,

28® Car. II4'; and to take One Peny per Ton, of allShips Outward and Inward, paying Six Pounds Thirteen Shilr lings and Four-pence per Annum to the Crown. This Patent has Seventeen Years to come.

Three Lights on the North and South Forelands, granted to John Smith for Thirty Years, by Patent, dated 20 Julii,23* Car. II.; and impowering him to take One Peny per Ton, Outwards and Inwards, of all English Ships; and, of Strangers, double; paying Twenty Pounds per Annum to the Crown. The said Patent recites a former Grant to Sir John Maldrum, dated 13 Feb.

12® Car. Imi: There is a Proviso in this Patent, That 1 if the King Should take those, and all other Lights, into his own Care and Charge, then the said Smith was quietly to surrender; a reasonable Compensation being first made to him. This Patent hath about Twelve Years to come.

Two Lights at Harwich, granted to Sir IVm. Batten for Onc-and-sixty Years, by Patent, dated the Twenty-fourth December, lG Car. II. to receive One Halfpeny of all English Ships; and One Peny of all Strangers; and to pay a Relit of Five Pounds to the Crown: The Consideration of this Grant is, the erecting and maintaining the Lights. This Grant hath about Two-and-thirty Years yet to come.

Three Lights at Wintertonnesse, Two Lights at -

nesse, granted to Sir Edward Turner, by Patent, dated the Fifteenth of October, 13 Car.II.; he to receive One Peny per Ton of all Merchants Ships Outwards; and the like Inwards; and of Colliers but One Halfpeny Ton; and nothing of Fishermen; and to pay a Relit to the Crown of Twenty Pounds per Annum. There is a Recital of a Patent, dated 13 April, 13 Car.im‘, granted to Jer-rard Gore, for Fifty Years: Which Patent, if then void, the Grant to Sir Edward Turner is for Sixty Years, or else for Three-and-thirty Years, to commence from any Determination of the former Grant to Gore. In

this Patent there is a Prohibition to any other for building or setting up any other Lights upon the Places aforesaid, or within Two Miles thereof: Also a Proviso, That if the King Should, by other his Letters Patents, settle on Sir Edward the full Sum of One thousand Tw o hundred Pounds per Annum, free of all Charge and Reprizals, then be was to quit his Interest, and surrender tins Grant.

That the Committee did make Inquiry, What the Duties levied on the Subject for the said Lights did amount unto, over-and-ahove the Costs and Charges of-maintaining the same; but could not come to a certain Knowledge thereof; the Persons interested being unwilling to make any

Wounded

Seamen.

110 Julii. . 1689.

any DisCove-v; and the Receipts are more of less, as the Trade ncreaseth of diminished!; But, by the Information they have had, they apprehend the Duty will produce, communibus Ann is, about Four thousand Pounds

per Annum, over and above all Charges for maintaining

the same.

But in iegard the Committee did not think themselves impowered to give their Opinions concerning the Matter of Right in these Cases, they came to rto Resolution But ordered the Matter to be reported Specially.

That the Committee was also informed, That both in the time of King Charles the Second, and King James the Second, there were Propositions of turning the King’s House at Greenwich into an Hospital, for the Entertaining of wounded Seamen; as also for laying a Tax on Paper, to be sealed for certain Uses; which was supposed, might produce about Eighteen thousand Pounds per -num, and be a proper Fund for maintaining the same. On Consideration hereof, the Committee conceiving it would be a great Charge and Expence to prepare and maintain a Hospital; and that it might be more acceptable to the wounded Men to have their Pensions paid them, and to live with their Relations; they, for the present, came to this Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Imposition to be laid on sealed Paper, for the Writing thereupon Charter Parties, Bills of Lading, Bills of Debt, Procurations, Protests, Releases, and like Instruments used amongst Merchants and Seamen, may be a proper Fund towards the Relief of wounded Seamen, and of the Widows and Children of such as Should be slain in Fight.

Mr. Papillion also acquainted the House, That the

Committee also considered, That as the Seamen serving in his Majesty's Ships do allow Six-pence per Month for this Service, so it might be fit for the Seamen in Merchant Ships to allow something in like manner, and they to be provided for accordingly; which would be an Encouragement for them to fight in Defence of their Ships and Goods: And thereupon came to another Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for a Provision for Relief of all Seamen wounded, and the Wives and Children of them, killed in Fight, Four-pence in each Pound, be raised out of the Wages of all Seamen serving in Merchant Ships.

He also acquainted the House, That further, on Consideration of the Statute of 43 Eliz. concerning Relief of Soldiers and Mariners, the Committee came to another Resolution; Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Justices of Peace in the several Counties and Divisions, at their next Quarter Sessions, may be desired to return to his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, an Account of what Monies, during the Seven Years last past, have been annually raised, for Relief of maimed Soldiers and Seamen, in pursuance of the Act of the 43 Eliz.; and what Pensions have been, and are now, paid out of the same, and to whom, with the Reasons for settling the same; that so such Monies as have not been disposed, according to the said Act, may be applied to That Use, for a present Supply.

He also acquaints the House, That he had Direction from the Committee to move the House, that an Address may be presented to his Majesty, That he will please to make no more new Grants of" the Lights, to any Person for the time to come, till this House have considered further of them.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That be will

please to make no farther Grants of any Light-houses or Lights, until the next Meeting of the Parliament.

A Motion being made, That St. Katherine's Hospital, and the Revenue thereof, may be applied for the Benefit of wounded Seamen;

Resolved, That the Consideration thereof be referred to the same Committee; to consider thereof; and to report the Case touching the said Hospital, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And the said Committee is to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Rowland Gwynacquaints the House, That one Privilege.

Stephen Dun, an Agent and Servant of his, hath been arrested by one Latham, a Bailiff, by the Procurement of Thomas Owen and Paul Williams', and is detained in Custody, and refused to be set at Liberty, in Breach of the Privileges of this House.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Owen and Paul H'il-hams, and # Latham be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for such their Breach of Privilege.

A Petition of the Brewers of the City of London, and Supply Bill; Districts thereof, was presented to the House; for to have Excise, the Liberty to bring in a Clause or Proviso, to be added to the Bill, that charges an additional Duty of Excise on Beer, Ale, <$’c- That the Petitioners may have the Liberty of appealing from the' Judgment of the Commissioners of Excise, to the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions, to be holden for the County of Middlesex; and their Judgments to be a final Determination thereof; they not designing to hinder the Payment of the said Duty of Excise thereby.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be read;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill for an additional Excise, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made;

Press ii, Line 27, after "Offence," tp insert, "made or committed from and after the Twenty-fourth of July 1689 and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended at the Table, accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer,

Ale, and other Liquors.

Ordered, That Mr. Grey do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Bill for settling the Revenue, was read the First Crown time. Revenue.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Jepson, according to the Order of Yesterday, ap- Irish Affair* peared in his Place; and acquainted the House, That whereas, by the Order, it is said, That it appeared to the , Committee, that there were Passes granted to the several Persons in the Order named; he had pprused the Books, by him kept, when he was Secretary to his Majesty: And that he did not find, that there were any Passes granted to any of those Persons.

Whereupon the House was satisfied, That there were no Passes granted to any of the said Persons.

Ordered, That Sir John Mathewes have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

The Question being put. That Sir Wm. Strickland have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House do now proceed upon the Exceptions further Consideration of the Act of Indemnity. Act of In-

And den, nity-

Zlt

iW.S’M. 15* — i6° Julii.

And the Proceedings - upon the Third Head of Ex- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Address for ceptions were read. Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his removing

And the Question being proposed, That no more Per- Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, and Colonel Duchess of 6ons be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity upon this Birch, That the Duchess of Mazarine may be removed R azarine* head; out of his Majesty’s Dominions).

The Previous Question was put, That that Question be now put: Mr. Arnold informing tire House, That one Christopher Privilege —

It was resolved in the Affirmative. Smelt hath raised and spread a false and scandalous Re- Reflections

Then the main Question was put: port of Sir Peter , (a Member of this House); that j^‘ra

Resolved, That no more Persons be excepted out of he is a Papist; ’

the Bill of Indemnity upon this Head. Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Pri-

Then the Fourth Head of Exceptions was read. vileges and Elections to examine the Matter thereof;

Ordered, That Sir Dudley North do, upon JV ednesdayand to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the Morning next, attend this House; to give an Account, House.

By what Order, Warrants, or Authorities, he and the other

Commissioners for the Customs, collected the Customs Ordered, That the Accounts now in the Hands of the Orphans of from the Death of King Charles the Second, to the Time Clerk of the House, relating to the Orphans of the City London, of the Parliament held in the Reign of King Janies the of London be delivered to the Chairman of the Corn-Second. mittee, to whom it was referred to prepare a Bill for

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do, upon Wed- Relief of the Orphans of the said City. nesday Morning next, attend this House with all the

Commissions for the Customs and Excise; and with all And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

the Proclamations, Warrants, Orders, and Instructions, - Morning, Eight of the Cloek.

for and touching the collecting the Customs and Excise;

between the Death of King Charles the Second, to the 1 1

Time of the Parliament holden in the Reign of King , 16* Julii;

James the Second.

Ordered, That Mr. Samson and Mr. Humber son do at- Gulielmi ct Marie,

lend this House on Wednesday Morning next, with the Books for the Collection of the Customs, and by what Prayers.

Warrant or Authorities the same were collected, from the A PETITION of the Officers, Innkeepers, and Army Death of King Charles the Second, to the time of the Par- Jl\. Clothiers, &c. that served in, quartered, and Arre*r»r liament held in the Reign of King James the Second. cloathed the Army, raised by an Act of Parliament in Ordered, That Mr. Edward Noell do, upon Wednesday 1677, and disbanded by another Act in 1679, was read;

Morning next, attend this House, with the Books of the setting forth, That the Petitioners presented to this House Management and Collection of the Excise, and by what a Petition of the Officers, Innkeepers, and Clothiers,

Warrants and Authorities the same was collected, from the that served, quartered, and cloathed tneArmy disbanded Death of King Charles the Second, to the time of the in 1679: Upon which Petition, the House ordered a Parliament held in the Reign of King James the Second. Committee to inspect the Accompts; and report the same Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly desired, by such to the House: And the Petitioners being informed, That Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most the Committee had made their Report; and praying the honourable Privy Council, That he will be pleased to give Consideration of their Condition, and to settle some Fund leave that the Books of the Privy Council, and of the for their speedy Relief;

Treasury, in relation to the Matter of collecting the Ex- Then the House took into Consideration the Report cise and Customs, betw een the Death of King Charles the formerly made from the Committee appointed to exa-Second, and the Time of the Parliament held in the Time mine the Matter of Fact of the said Petitioners said former of King James the Second, may be inspected. Petition; which was read the Sixth Day of Inst;

Ordered, That Sir Peter Apsley and Sir Benjamin and to state and report the same to the House, with their

Bathurst do attend tills House on Wednesday Morning Opinion thereupon: And the same was read; whereby next, to give an Account of what they know touching the it appeared, That the Account of the Money, given by Contract and Lease made of the Excise and Customs, the Act for the Service aforesaid, according to Certificate upon or about the Time of the Death of King Charles from the honourable Sir Robert Howard, Knight, appears the Second. to be as followeth:

THE Sum granted by the said Act, for disbanding the Army, is -There was lent upon the Credit thereof Whereof

There was paid to Sir Thomas Player, one of the said Commissioners, for and towards disbanding the said Forces To Lemucll Kingdon, Esquire, for the like Service - - 22,311 15

And for Interest of Loans made by the City - - 2,643 4

The Orders registered on the said Act, amount to the Sum of

Viz.

100,600 —

*£.124,955 ——

d.

9

3 J

*24,955.-----

- 230,980.14.10.

£ s. d. 206,462 17 3

1

4

H

And so the Act stands over-charged of Principal Money, besides Interest

6. 6|.

For Re-payment of Loans - - - - 124,955 I210 080. 14 10

For to pay Quarters and Cloaths - - 106,025 14 10 / 4

The Total Sum, paid into the Exchequer, of the Money arising by the said Act, is 199,867. Whereof

There has been paid of Principal Money, in course upon the"!

Orders as they stand registered - - - J

More paid for Interest - - - - 23,882 4

Remains in Cash in the Exchequer 125

Total of the Principal Money registered on the Act, aB above-mentioned Of which Principal Money, no more has been paid than

199,867. 6. 6£.

230,9^0 14 10 *76,590 10 10

- £-54,390 4 —

Vol. X.

3 K

That

i^-

a a a

16* Julii. , r A. 1689;

Brought over - - £-54,39° That there appears also, by an Account made up and signed by the Commissioners for disbanding, '

by them delivered to a Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to examine their Accounts 4n the Year 1685, to be due to several Persons for Cloaths and Accoutrements furnished to the said Forces; and is all that yet appears to be due on Account of Cloathing, over and above what is comprehended in the said Sum of Fifty-four thousand Three hundred Ninety Pounds Four Shillings, certified by Sir Robert Howard to be due upon Orders registered in the Exchequer.

That there is further due to several Commission Officers of the Army, who, by~l

the Act, were directed to be paid no further than the last of March 16 79, for their I £ s. d.

Pay, according to the Establishment from the said last at March exclusive, to >15,003 9 6

the Times of disbanding the several Regiments and Companies to which they j 1 _ gg2

belonged - - - - -J ( '’

And to the Field Officers and Captains of Three Regiments of Horse, disbanded! 8 c

by Mr Kingdon - / 2’*59 4 -

Total remaining due for Principal Money;

By Sir Robert Howard's Certificate - - - -54,390 4

To.Clothiers, as before - - - - 7,535 19

To the Officers of the Army - - - -17, 862 14

Due for Interest, according to the Act, at Eight Pounds per Cent, for Pay and!

Quarters, computed, by Estimate for about four Years, to January 1685, >14,400 — according to Sir Robert Howard?s Certificate - - - J

Due for like Interest, computed, by Estimate from January 1685 to 1

1689 - - J

4 —

7,535 19 U

14 —

11 [79,788 17 11

28,800-----

14,400-----

£.108,588 17 11

£. s. d.

L589 9 7

1,958 4 2*

3,233 12 2

3,246 17 3

30,000 — —

'j30,oooo-----

That it also appeared to the Committee, That, upon stating the particular Account of each Commissioner distinctly, they wanted, at that Time, Vouchers to justify their several Payments; viz.

Sir Gilbert Gerrard wanted Vouchers for Colonel Whitley for -

Colonel Birch for -

Sir Thomas Player -

And the Deputy Commissioners for up- wards of - -

That the Commissioners, for their own Accompts, gave this as the Reason of the Deficiency of their Vouchers; viz. That the Soldiers of many Companies would not trust their Officers to receive their Money for them, but would, every Man for himself, receive what was due to him; and to have taken an Acquittance from every Soldier for those small Sums which remained due, after their Landlords were paid for their Quarters, would have been very tedious, and so have increased the Charge, by keeping the Army much longer undisbanded: But, besides this, they then alleged, they had Papers which contained the Names of all such Persons as were paid after this Manner, and the Sums paid to them, which were taken by their Clerks employed in this Affair at the Times of Payment; the Truth whereof they could attest upon their Oaths: These Vouchers (though not regular) the then Committee, considering the Circumstances, seemed to approve of, and ordered the Examination thereof.

That the Vouchers produced to supply the Defects before-mentioned have been since examined; which are of the Natures following; viz. for the greatest Part of that which is charged on Sir Thomas Player, the Captains or Lieutenants of the respective Troops and Companies disbanded, and paid by the said Sir Thomas , have

certified under their Hands, That, upon Perusal of the Accompts of their said Troops and Companies, they find them fully satisfied, and paid: For the rest of Sir Thomas Player’s Charge; and for what is Charged on the other Three Commissioners, as not duly vouched, they have produced their Papers taken at the Time of Disbanding, containing the Names of the Persons to whom the Payments were made, and the Sums paid; or else more general Accompts, containing the whole Money demanded by the said Commissioners in their Accompts, as paid to the respective Troops and Companies, as well what was vouched, as what was charged upon the Accomptants for want of due Vouchers: And both these attested, upon the Oaths, as well of the said Commissioners, as of such of their Clerks as are now living, and were concerned in the said Service; or by such as were acquainted with, 4ud knew the Hands of, such as are since dead.

That these Things have been represented to the late Lord Commissioners of the Treasury; who approved of these Vouchers, and a Privy Seal is now passing, to direct the Allowance thereof upon their Accompts, and to put the Deputy Commissioners for disbanding in the Out Districts insuper on the said Accompts for the Money by

them respectively received from Sir Thomas Player for service; whereby they will become accountable in the Exchequer for the said Money.

That the Committee first observe, from the State of the Account of Money given by the Act for Disbanding, That it fell very much Short of answering the End for which it was given; and that a great Sum of Money, amounting to One Hundred Eight thousand Five hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Elevenpence, is due, as is before represented.

Secondly, By the State of the Accounts of the Commissioners for Disbanding, it appears, That the Creditors can have no Expectation of any thing from them.

That the Claims of Principal Money for Quarters, and Cloaths, and for Pay, to the last of March 1679, amount-' ing to Fifty-four thousand Three hundred Ninety Pounds Four Shillings, appear to the Committee to be due upon Certificates, signed by one or more of the Commissioners for Disbanding, and Orders of the then Lords Commissioners of the Treasury thereupon directed to the Exchequer, where they are registered; as appears by Certificate from Sir Robert Howard.

That the Money represented to be due to Officers for Pay, is computed from the last of March 1679, to the Times to which they appear, by the Accompts of the Commissioners, to have been respectively disbanded; and the Computation made by Direction of the Committee appointed to examine the Accounts of the said Commissioners in the Year 1685; to which Committee, the Petitions of many of the said Officers, presented to the then Parliament for their said Pay, were referred.

That, besides the Debt of One Hundred Eight thousand Five hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven Pence, before-mentioned, it appeared to the Committee, by Certificate from Sir Robert Howard, That’ there is One Debenture signed by Sir Thomas Player, and S\r Gilbert Gerrard, farOne hundred Nine PoundsTwclv®’ Shillings and Four Pence, due to Mr. John Lloyd, who married the Widow of Henry Goss, for Cloathing furnished by the said Gosse to the Regiment of the late Duke of Monmouth, and Captain Ferdinando Stanhope's Troop of Horse; for which Sum, no Order is yet signed by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, by reason of the Debenture is but lately brought to his Office: And that as he is informed there are many others standing out; but it does

i W.tf M.

xfrjvlii.

42$

does' not appear to him, what the Number of them is, or how much they may amount unto.

That, as to the Case of Clothiers and Inn keepers, the Committee is humbly of Opinion, That they have been, very great Sufferers by their not receiving their Money in the Time the Act seemed to give them Hopes they Should; and that, for want thereof, several Families have been ruined, and the rest very much damnified.

That, as to the Case, of Officers, they have been informed, and do believe,' that many of them, being Gentlemen of good Families, considering the Intention of the Parliament in reference to a War against , and in

hopes they might have continued longer in Employment, parted with their Fortunes to put themselves into a Capacity to serve their Country: But the War not going forward (as was desired by the Parliament), they were not only disappointed of their Desire of serving their Country, but ruined their Fortunes also, by undertaking the said Employments.

That if it shall please this House to take the Premises into Consideration, and make Provision for Payment of the said Debt, contracted upon the Credit given to the Parliament; the Committee is further of Opinion, That it may be of great Use in this Juncture of Affairs, to their . _, Majesties, ami the Kingdom, by encouraging Persons to

come into their Majesties Service, and to give Credit for the publick Service, as Occasion shall require.

t

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table.

: - Resolved, That this House will take the Case of the said

Officers, Innkeepers, and Clothiers, and other Persons, who served in, cloathed, and quartered the said Army, into Consideration, at the next Meeting after the Recess.

Militia. . -An ingrossed Bill for rendering the Militia more useful, was read the Third time.

Some small Amendments were proposed to be made therein:.

And the same were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended accordingly at the Table.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for the ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Colonel Birch do carry up the Bill to . the Lords for their Concurrence.

Prohibiting . Sir Robert Clayton reports from the Committee, to Trade with whom the Bill for preventing the Importation of French France. Goods was referred, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and several of them a Second time, one by one; and agreed unto by the House.

; The Amendment Folio 4, Line 9, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was offered to be made, by leaving out, " such Men as are of known Experience; and, instead thereof, to insert " good and lawful Men, to be returned by the proper Officer; and, upon the Question, the same was agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Reading the Residue of the Amendments to the said Bill be adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Answer to Sir Robert Howard acquaints the House, That he had Address. attended his Majesty with the Address of Thanks of this , House for his Message sent by him on Friday last; and

that his Majesty received the same very graciously.

Piglits of the Subject, and $e;ti;ng the Crou'u*

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and Sir Adam Ottley;

Air. Speaker, Wo are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That the Lords do desire a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference.

.. And then the Messengers withdrew,

&i:.vpL.x..... ;..... -

Resolved, That this House do agree to a present free. Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

And the Messengers were called in again: And Mr.. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the Committee that managed the forme t Conference do manage this Conference.

Then the Managers went to the Conferenced

Mr. Carter reports firom the Conference with the Lords, That the Earl of Rochester managed on the Part , of the Lords; and said, That the Lords do insist on their Amendment in the 7 Skin, Line 25.

That in Clause A, Line 2, that they do agree to that Amendment.

' That in Clause A, Line 28, that they do not agree to That Amendment

The 8 Skin, Line 25, they do agree that the Clause beginning after " accordingly," in 25th Line of the 8th Skm, shall stand as in the Bill: And give their Reasons, Why they so disagree with this House, as follows;

1. Though ill the Instrument offered to the King and Queen’s Majesty, the Limitation went no further than to their Persons; yet, in a Law which has respect to all sue- ceeding Ages, and that settles for ever the Liberties of the Subjects, they think it is reasonable to carry the Limitation of the Succession of the Crown further than was necessary in that Instrument in which the Crown was offered to their Majesties, and that had no View, but of the Succession to their Posterity.

2. That they see no Danger, nor any ill Consequences, that may follow on a further Limitation; but very much to the contrary: For i. This secures the Nation effectu-. ally from the Danger of having any Papist to reign in it at any time hereafter; since, of such a Number of Papists as stand next the Crown in the lineal Succession, some might be prevailed on to make a Shew of changing their Religion, if they had a Prospect of succeeding to the Crown upon it: And no Danger being so great, as the having one who is a pretended Protestant, but is jn truth a concealed Papist, to reign over us; the most effectual Way to secure our Religion is, to declare the Succession in a Family that we know certainly is a Protestant. 2. It is the Interest of England, at present, to do Right to that great House, by limiting the Succession according to the Proviso: For, since this Limitation has been proposed, i^ it Should now be laid aside, it would look like an Excluding of that House; which might provoke them to take Resolutions, that might be of great Prejudice to the Nation in the present Conjuncture: And since, for these Reasons, the Lords insists upon their Proviso, the same Reasons determine them likewise to insist upon that Part of the Rider which relates to it.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in their Amendment, 7 Skin, Line 25;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords us to the Amendment in Clause A, Line 28;

It passed in the Negative.,

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare Reasons for a Conference, to prepare Reasons to be offered at a free Conference with the Lords, Why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the said Amendments: And that Sir John Trevor, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard.\Mr. Hau be added to the said

Committee.

Sir Henry Capell acquaints the House, That the Duke de Schomberg desires he may have the Honour to wait upon

this House; that. . he is very near his going in the Service of the Crown in the Expedition of Ireland, he would very willingly acknowledge the Care this House hath had of him, and the Fruit that he hath received of it; and take iiis Leave of them; That his Merit has been great, and tl\e King has rewarded him like a King, having made him a Duke and Peer of England', and taken such Care, that he shall have Five thousand Pounds a Year settled ypon him and his Heirs, in lieu of Five thousand Pounds

Duke de - -

Schomberg takes leave of the House.

Answer to Address* ,

Mr F. Pemberton, ^c. to attend*

Crown

Revenue*

Exeter

Election,

444

A. 16

per Ann. hehSW’ldst iti PhtnccnnA Germany: And that it may be the better laid out in Purchase of Lands, there arte Trustees named, Two of the House of Peers, and Two of the House of Commons.

And he was ordered to be called in.

And a Chair being set for him, towards the Middle of the House, he came in, and sat covered for some time, the SeijeOnt standing on his Right Hand with the Mace; and then rose; and uneovered, spake to the Effect following: Mr. Speaker,

I have desired this Honour to make my just Acknowledgements, for the great Favour 1 received from this House; and I doubt not but to find the Effects of it by his Majesties Grace and Favour; and also to take my Leave of this honourable House, being now going for Ireland; where I shall freely expose my Life in the King’s Service and Yours.

Whereupon,- Mr. Speaker spake unto him, to the Effect-following; viz.

My Lord,

The Services that have been done by your Grace to their Majesties, and to this Kingdom, are so great, that they Can never be forgotten: I am therefore commanded, by this-House, to acquaint you, that they are extremely satisfied-, that his Majesty’s Army is committed to your Grace’s Conduct; and they doubt not, but the War will be prosecuted in such- a Manner; as will fully answer all their Expectations. This- House doth likewise assure your Grace, that, at what Distance soever you are, they will have a particular Regard, as much as in them lies, of whatever may concern your Grace, or the Army under jour Command.

And4 theft his Grace withdrew.

Mr: Comptroller acquaints the House, That he, with others of his Majesty's Privy Council, had attended his Majesty withr the Address of this House, That his Majesty \i-ould please to give Leave that the Books of the Privy Councilj and of the Treasary, in relation to the Matter of collecting the Excise and Customs between the Death of Ring Charles the Second, and the Time of the Parliament held in the Reign of King James the Second, may be inspected: And that his Majesty was willing the y Should be inspected accordingly.

Also, that his Majesty doth give Leave, that the Minute Books of the Committee for the Irish Affairs may be inspected by some Members of this House.

Ordered, That Sir Fronds Pemberton, and Sir Thomas Jones do attend this House upon next; to answer

such Matters as they were ordered to attend upon this Day.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling the Revenue be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 17* die I. Gulielmi el Marias.

PbAters.

A PETITION of the Inhabitants and Freemen of the City of Exon was read; setting forth. That on the Sixth Instant June, was the Election of One of the Citizens for the City of Exon, in the room of the Lord Chief Justice PoUexj'tn 5 at which time Christopher Bale Esquire, now Mayor de facto, and Hugh Speke, Esquire, stood Candidates: As soon-as the Freemen came into Court; the Jury Gallery was filled with Butchers, who made continual Clamours, at the Time of the Election, for the said Bale, threatning and abusing those that gave their Voices against hun t And Seaward the Sheriff, being requested to poll the said Butchers! that they might be

gone, refused so to do: And that great Abuses was done’ by the Managers for Bale, upon those that managed for Mr. Speake: And although Persons living in the Out County, who had a Freehold in the City, had no Colour to be admitted as Voices; yet divers such were admitted' for Mr. Bale-, but refused those that were against him: And although it was resolved, before the flection, by the said Seaward the Sheriff, that none made free by a' Charter granted in 1684, or by another in 1688, Should be admitted to give their Voices against Mr. Bale; and1 although, by the ancient Custom of the City, no Freeholder can give his Vote in the City; yet divers, viz. the Priest Vicar, Lay Vicars, Choristers, Court-holders, Vergers, and others belonging to St. Peter's Church, who are only Tenants at Will, were admitted to vote for Mr. Bale; and that divers of the Freemen, admitted for him, are Almsmen and Beggars, and the Gaolers of the County and City, who paid neither Scot nor Lot; contrary to the Custom and Right of the City: And praying a Short Day to be heard therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The Question being put, That the Bill to enable Trustees, to grant Leases of the Estate of Richard Esquire, be now read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

The House being informed, that Mr. Mr.

Hamberson, and Mr. Noell, according to the Orders of Monday last, attended at the Door;

They were severally called in; and examined, touching the collecting the Customs and Excise between the Death of King Charles the Second, and the Parliament that was held in the Time of King James the Second: And they gave an Account thereof; and who were the Commissioners both for the Excise and Customs, during that Time; and delivered in several Books belonging to the Customs and Excise, and Proclamations issued touching the same.

And then they severally withdrew.

The House being also informed, that Sir Benjamin Bathurst and Sir Peter Apsley, according to the Order of Monday last, attended at the Door;

They were called in; and examined, touching a Contract by them made with the Commissioners of the Treasury, touching the Excise upon the Death of King Charles the Second: And they gave an Account thereof; and what was done thereupon; and who were then Commissioners of the Treasury.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to collect, out of the said Books and Proclamations, what they conceive necessary touching the said Matters.

And it is referred unto Mr. Papillion, Lord Sir Fran. Russell, Mr. ElhceU, Sis Rob. Rich, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Kendall, Sir Rob. Dovers, Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Lord Ranelagh, Sir Rich Temple, Mr. verell. Colonel Birch, Mr. Stockdale, Sir NeviU Catelyn, Sir Robert Niappier, Mr. Cooke, Sir Clarges,

Sis Jo. Barker, Mr Harbord, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Foley, Mr, Done, Mr. Hawks, Mr. Carter, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Wm. Yorke, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Hamden, and all the Members that serve for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Sir Jeremy Snowe, Baronet, Sir Orlando Gee, Knight, George Pitt, Thomas Smith, John Bennet, John JVoktenholme, Esquires, and Joseph Hornby, on the Behalf of themselves and divers others, who claim divers yearly Sums, or Interest, out of the hereditary Revenue of Excise, was presented.

A Bill for settling the Revenue upon their Majesties, was read the Second time.

Then the said Petition was read; setting forth, That King Charles the Second, by several Letters Patents, for

valuable

Hele'iEcUW

Collection of Customs, Sc c. alter death of Charles II*

Claim on

Excise

Revenue*

Crown

Revenue*

Shirly's

Estate.

Earl of Sussex’s Claim on llevenue.

i W. £s? M. 170 — 18® Julii. .225

sideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Bill for settling the Revenue.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who were Matter* re* appointed to examine the Entries in the Books of Baij. lating to Hinton, a Banker of the City of London, of Monies paid i1reland th* to Ireland, the Jesuit, about the Time that Mr. Oates Jesult* swore Ireland to be in Town; and also Mr. Hinton and Servants, touching that Matter; have Power to inquire of Sir John Moore, touching some Payments by him made to the Use of the said Ireland about that time: And that Sir Peter Rich be added to those Members.

A Motion being made. That, inasmuch as his Majesty Irish Affair*, had been pleased to give Leave, that some Members of this House may inspect the Minute Books of the Committee for the Irish Affairs, some Members may be appointed for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Sir

Williams, be appointed to inspect the same accordingly.

valuable Consideration, did grant to Sir Jeremy Sir Robert Vyner, and other Goldsmiths, and to your Petitioners, several yearly'Sums, in Trust for such of their Creditors as Should deliver up their Securities, and accept Assignments and proportionable Parts of the annual Sums, so granted, in Satisfaction of their respective Debts: And that the Petitioners, soon after the Making of the said Letters Patent, did accept of a Grant of Part of the said yearly Sums, so granted, from the said Goldsmiths, and others, in Satisfaction of their Debts, then due to the Petitioners, according to the Trust declared by the Letters Patents: That the said yearly Sums, or Interest, have, for divers Years, been duly paid to the Petitioners, and other Assignees, according to the true Intent of the said Patent: That the Petitioners being informed, That the House is under the Consideration of the Revenue of this Kingdom; and praying, That the Settlement thereof may be without Damage to the Petitioners, in their Properties granted to them, as aforesaid; desiring to be heard by their Counsel at the Bar of the House, concerning the same.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved, That the several Petitions that have been read, and lie upon the Table, relating to the Revenue, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Bill for settling the Revenue.

Then the Order of the Twenty-sixth Day of March last, relating to the Princess Anne of Denmarkc, was read.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Order be also referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Bill for settling the Revenue.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Sir Rowland Gzcyninformed the House, That Thomas Privilege — Owen, who was the Thirteenth Instant ordered to be taken a person to into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, dlscllarS,;d-had made his Submission to him, touching the Breach of Privilege for which the said Sir Rowland had complained . against him; and therefore prayed he might be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Owen be discharged accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Robert Regard;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Enabling of Hannah Shirly, Widow, and Mary Battlehey alias Sherley, her Daughter, to settle and dispose of certain Lands and Tenements in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Earl of Sussex was read; setting forth, That, in August 1674, a Treaty was entertained by his late Majesty King Charles the Second, for a Marriage to be had between the Petitioner, and Fitzroy, the natural Daughter of the said King; whereon the King did agree to give the Petitioner Twenty thousand Pounds with her inPor-tien: In pursuance whereof, the Marriage was solemnized; and the King, in pursuance of the said Agreement, by his Letters of Privy Seal, dated 25® Augusti did

grant to Sir Stephen Fox, for the Petitioner’s Benefit (he being then under Age), Two thousand Pounds per Annum for a Provision, till the Twenty thousand Pounds Should be paid in one intire Payment: That the King, by other his Letters of Privy Seal, dated the Eleventh of September following, reciting the Agreement, appointed the Twenty thousand Pounds to be paid out of Monies to be received of the States General of the United Provinces; and, on Payment thereof, the Two thousand Pounds per Annum (and not before) was to cease: That the said Fund, whereon the Twenty thousand Pounds was charged, was diverted and applied to the ^Payment of a Debt owing to his present Majesty; whereby the Twenty thousand Pounds is yet totally unpaid; and also, Five thousand Six hundred Pounds of the said Two thousand Youndspcr Annum:Which being

computed to Midsummer 1689, there is justly due to the Petitioner Twenty-five thousand Six hundred Pounds: And praying, that in the Act for settling the Revenue, or otherwise as the House shall think fit, some Provision may be made for the Petitioner, for securing to him the Twenty-five thousand Six hundred Pounds, and the Two thousand Pounds a Year, till the same shall be paid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Vol. X.

Jovis, 18® die Julii; i° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

'J'HO MA S Owen, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms Privilege — attending the House, was brought to the Bar; and a Person re* had the Reprimand of the House from Mr. Speaker.: an^dis-^’ And thereupon was discharged, according to the Order charged, of Yesterday; paying his Fees.

A Petition of Mary Cock, was read; setting forth, That Cock’s her Father Dr. Robert Levins, Doctor of Laws, was con- ^enslon-demned and executed in the Government of Oliver Cromwell, for his Adherence to King Charks the Second; and that, in Consideration thereof, the said King did grant unto Robert Bertie, Esquire, in Trust for the Petitioner, a yearly Pension of Forty Pounds a Year for her Life, out of the Exchequer; it being her only Subsistence: And praying that Provision may be made for the Continuance of the said Pension.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Bill for settling the Revenue.

A Bill for appropriating the Forfeitures of Five hundred Supply Bill; Pounds to the Use of the Publick, w as read a Second time. Forfeitures.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

The Question being put, That the House do This-day-fortnight, in the Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House: to consider of the said Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Monday Morning next, resolve inself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John Lowt her have Leave to go Leave of

into the Country, for Five Weeks. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Paul Foley be added to the Persons Irish Affairs, appointed to inspect the Minute Books of the Committee for Irish Affairs.

3 L A Motion

Leave of Absence.

Prohibiting Trade with France.

Peny Post.

Supply bill| Excise.

126 l8°- 190 Julii. 4.1689.

A Motion being made, That Mr. Carter have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks;

And the Question being put, That he have Leave accordingly;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, (r* .,) 102.

’ L Sir Roger Twisden, /

Tellers for the Noes I ^'r 1 g

tellers toi the JNoes,| gir prf(jr ] °9'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House then, according to the Order of Tuesday last, proceeded in the Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Importation of French Goods, was referred.

And in the Reading, a Second time, other of the Amendments to the Bill;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed, upon the Debate of the House, to the same Committee to whom the Bill was referred: And that Mr. Mr. St.

Johns, Major Wildman, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Air.

Pollen, Sir Walt. Yong, Mr. Sir John Cope,

Mr. Packhurst, Alajor Bcake, Mr. Herbert: ... And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of William Dockwra was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, in the Year 1680, at his sole Charge, set up a newr Invention, vulgarly called The Peny Post: That the said Undertaking w as, at first, managed by Rules and Afethods quite different from those of the General Post Office, or directed by the Statutes 12* 15* Car.

IP", for erecting the same; and is still continued upon the same Foundation laid by the Petitioner, having a distinct Governor and Servants apart from the Post House: That, to regulate and methodize this the Petitioner’s Undertaking, it cost the Petitioner, with the Interest of his Aloney, above Four thousand Pounds, Part whereof be is still indebted, besides his Loss of many Years time: And though such his Undertaking proved itself to be a real and publick Good; yet the late King, when Duke of Yorke, caused Twenty several Actions at one Time, for pretended Penalties upon the Act of 12° Car. IP', and Two more at another, laid to Ten thousand Pounds, to be prosecuted against the Petitioner: And Afatters were then so managed, by the Duke's Agents, that, under colour of Law', the Petitioner was turned out of all, and Possession taken for the Duke, just when the Undertaking w'as brought to good Perfection, and began to bring in a small Profit towards his Reimbursement, and Hopes of future Recompence: That the Petitioner, having thus suffered by the Imparation of his Estate, has disabled him from providing for his numerous Family, having a Wife and Eight Children: And forasmuch as the Incomes of the Peny Post never were made any Part of the General Post Office, or added to the publick Revenue, by any Act of Parliament; but taken unjustly from the Petitioner, and added to the Duke's private Estate; for which, as the Petitioner is advised, he is no w'ay relievable but in Parliament (the best Interpreters of their own Acts, and of the Petitioner’s Service and Sufferings): And for that it hath been ever esteemed the Honour and Interest of this Kingdom, to encourage and reward those who first introduce any new and profitable Invention, for the publick Good of their Country: And praying the Consideration of the House; to the end that he may be time-ously provided for, and relieved.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Bill for settling the Revenue.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Cook and Sir Robert Legard;

Air. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to

acquaint this House, That they have agreed to the Bill for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer and Ale, and other Liquors, without any Alteration.

And the Alessengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Restoring

whom the Bill for restoring Corporations....., be Corporations.

made upon Tuesday Morning. 1

Air. Trenchard reports from the Committee, to whom Reversing it was referred to prepare a Bill for reversing the Judg- Judgment ment against Sir Wm. Williams, That they had prepared ^WiUkms the same accordingly: And he presented the same to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inquire into Irish Affairs, the Aliscarriages relating to Ireland and Londonderry, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon: And that Air. Fenwick, Mr. Arnold, 'Air. Haxctry, Mr. Rob. Montague, Sir Jo. Knatchbull, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Roland Gwyn, be

added to that Committee.

A Alotion being made, That the House do now ad- Adjournment joum till Tomorrow Aloming;

And the Question being put, That the House do adjourn accordingly.

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Bill for reversing the Judgment against Sir Reversing Wm. Williams, and asserting the Rights and Freedom of Judgment Parliament, was read the First time. against Si

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

against Sir W. Williams.

Ordered, That the Lord Colchester do go to the Lords, Conference to desire a free Conference upon the Subject Alatter of desired with the Amendments proposed by them to be made to the Lor<l!‘

Bill, for declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crow n.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 19° die Julii; i# Gulielmi et Atari as.

Prayers.

AP ET IT IO N of the surviving Servants of the late servants of King Charles the Second, and in Behalf of the Wi- Charles II. dows and Orphans of such of the Servants as are deceased, was read; setting forth, That at the said King’s Death, there was a great Debt ow'ing to the Servants of his Family and Houshold; to wit, for Arrears of Fees, Salaries, and Wages, payable not only at the Exchequer, but in divers publick Offices, for Riding Charges, Lodgings out of Court, Provisions, Disbursements, and other Services, due by Bills or Warrants payable in the Office of Treasurer of the Chamber, for Board-w’ages, Horse-hire, Horse-liveries; for Liveries in Alonics and other Provisions in the great Wardrobe; for Wages in the Offices of Works; and for the Salaries of Yeomen Warders in the Tower of London: That the said Servants, at the said King’s Death, were recommended by him for Payment, to the Care of the late King James the Second: To whom they addressed for Relief: And he recommended their Case, and the Care of their Payment, to the late King James: Who passed an Act, wherein was granted an Imposition on Tobacco and Sugars, from Midsummer 1685 to Midsummer 1693; and therein w as a special Provision made for Payment of the Servants said Debt: Which Imposition, in the First Three Years and a Quarter, ended last Michaelmas, produce in neat Money Five hundred Three thousand Seven hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four-pence Halfpeny, being from thence'to endure for Four Years and Three Quarters longer: That, by King James'

Direction, an Account was made up, w herein several of the

Servants

Preventing Export of Wool.

Reversing

Ju^rnents

against

Oates.

Leave of Absence.

Answer to Address.

W. #M.

190 — 20° Julii.

Servants Debts were omitted, and others much retrenched; viz. The Sums due to the Widows and Orphans of

such Servants as died before the Sixth February 1684, were wholly cast out, and referred to a subsequent Account, hitherto delayed: The Arrears of those that quitted, or were dismissed, their Services or Employments, before the said Sixth Day of February 1684, were not considered at all: Likewise the Monies, due by Bills, signed by the Lord Chamberlain, Lords of the Privy Council, or others, were laid aside in the said Account, and remain still without any Satisfaction: And as to the Arrears of Fees, Salaries, 8$c. and other constant Allowances in Money, which were due to the surviving Servants, they were paid only as followeth; viz. Where the Salary or Allowance did not exceed Twelve-pence per Diem, the full Arrear was satisfied; but where the same did exceed Twelve-pence per Diem, so much of the Ar-

rear only as became due at or before Midsummer 1679, was computed and paid, with a Third Part of what became due between Midsummer 1679, and Christmas 1684; retrenching the other Two Thirds of what became due within the Compass of that Time, being Five Years and a half; whereby the said Provision in the Act is prevented; and the Petitioners deprived of their just Debts: And for that the Monies hitherto applied towards the Payment of the Debts and Arrears, out of the said Imposition, hath not exceeded Three hundred thousand Pounds, or thereabouts; and for that the said Act hath already afforded, in Money and Loans, above Four hundred thousand Pounds, towards the Stores of the Navy, and other publick Uses; and for that the Remainder of the said Imposition, modestly computed, will afford near Eighty thousand Pounds more, before its Expiration; of which, the Debt still due to the said Servants ,does not amount to One Fourth Part: And praying the Consideration of the House, That the Monies remaining due, of the Debts above enumerated, either because omitted in the said former Account, or by reason of the Retrenchments of Two Thirds, may be paid out of the said Imposition, before the Expiration thereof.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue is referred.

Resolved, That the House do now proceed in the Consideration of the Report, made from the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool, was referred.

And the Amendments, agreed upon at the Committee, were all read over the First time throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

A Clause w as offered to be made Part of the Bill, That any Person may buy any Cloth, Stuff, Stockings, or any other Woollen Manufacture; and export the same beyond Sea freely, and without Molestation, paying the usual Customs: W'hich was twice read; and, upon the Ques-. tien put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill so amended, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General and Sir Trevor, be added to the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare Reasons for a Conference upon the Bill for reversing the Judgments against Mr. Oates.

Ordered, That Mr. Weld have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Manaton have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

227

that his Majesty was pleased to say, That he would consider of it; and return an Answer.

The House being acquainted, that Sir Francis Pern- Resolutions berton and Sir Thomas Jones, attended at the Door, ac- against Sir F. cording to their Order; &'?Sd -

They were severally called in; and asked, What were mentsgiven the Reasons for over-ruling the Plea of Serjeant Topham against to the Jurisdiction of the Court of King's Bench, to the l°Pham-Action brought against him by one And they severally gave an Account thereof accordingly. And, being further severally asked, Whether they gave their Reasons, when they gave the Judgment; They said, That they did not; being not desired so to do; and the Case being not argued, nor any Motion made in the Arrest of Judgment

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That Sir Francis Pemberton giving Judgment to over-rule the Plea to the Jurisdiction of the Court of King's Bench, in the Case between Jay and Topham, has broken the Privileges of this House.

Resolved, That Sir Thomas Jones giving Judgment to over-rule the Plea to the Jurisdiction of the Court of King's Bench, in the Case between Jay and Topham, has broken the Privileges of this House.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Pemberton be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Breach of the Privileges of this House in giving Judgment to over-rule the Plea to the Jurisdiction of the Court of King's Bench, in the Case between Jay and Topham.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Jones be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Breach of the Privileges of this House, in giving Judgment to over-rule the Plea to the Jurisdiction of the Court of King's Bench, in the Case between Jay and Topham.

Then the Lord Colchester went up to the Lords, to Lords agre* desire a free Conference, according to the Order of ^onfer' Yesterday.

The Lord Colchester acquaints the House, That he having been, according to their Order, up with the Lords, to desire a free Conference; the Lords do agree thereunto; and do appoint it to be Tomorrow at Tw elve of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

ence.

against Sir W. Williams*

Ordered, That the Bill for reversing the Judgment in Reversing the Court of King's Bench, upon an Information against .'udgment Sir Wm. Williams, and asserting the Rights and Freedoms of Parliament, be read a Second time on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock; and nothing to intervene; And that Sir Robert Sawyer do then attend in his Place.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit Committees, this Afternoon.

Then the Question was put, That the House do now Adjourn-adjoum till Tomorrow Morning.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tpllers for the Noes Dutton,

tellers for the JSoes,|Mr Gmore,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

1

J

72.

46.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 20 die Julii; i° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

Council, and He, had attended his Majesty'with the fiRDE That the Committee to whom it was collection of Address of this blouse, That the Duchess of Mazarine referred to collect, out of the Books and Proclama- Customs,&e, may be removed out of his Majesty’s Dominions: And tiens touching the Customs and Excise, What they after Death

Vol. X. PnnPPivpdofCar.il.

Colonel Birch acquaints the House, That the Members of the House, who are of his Majesty’s Privy

2 28

20° Julii. A. 1689.

Aulnage

Duty.

Orphans of London.

Claims on Public k lie venue.

conceived necessary relating to the Collecting the same, between the Death of King Charles the Second, and the Parliament that was held in time of King James the Second, have Power to send For Persons, Papers, and Records; and examine the same in relation to the Matters aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Bill for taking away the Subsidy and Duty of Aulnage, and laying an additional Duty upon Cloth exported, be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, on Wednesday Morning next, the First Business.

A Petition of the Countess of Bristoll was read; setting forth, That King Charles the Second, by Letters Patents, dated Ninth Day of September 1670, did grant to Win. Earl of Bedford, and John Russell Esquire, in Trust for the Petitioner, an Annuity of One thousand Pounds per Annum, payable out of Tenths, during her Life; which Grant was made in Consideration of the great Services and Sufferings of the Earl of Bristoll for the Crown; and a Proviso was inserted for the same, in Act of Parliament in the Reign of the said King, That after the Death of her Son Captain Digby (who died in the Service of the Crown), and for the better enabling the Petitioner to pay his Debts, the said late King was pleased to grant to her another Pension of One thousand Pounds a Year, out of the Tenths; which the late King James, by a new Grant, thought reasonable to be continued for her Life: And his present Majesty hath also been pleased to allow the Payment of the said Pensions: And that the said Grants, so grounded on just and reasonable Considerations, are the only Means of the Petitioners Subsistence: And praying the Consideration of her Case, and that her Rights to the said Pensions may be saved.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of Elizabeth Hamilton, Widow, the Relict of James Hamilton, Esquire, deceased; and of James Hamilton, George Hamilton, and Win. Hamilton, Esquires, Sons of the said James and Elizabeth, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Elizabeth was Daughter of John Lord Culpepper, deceased, who was in Exile with his late Majesty King Charles the Second; and being in the Year 1660, Maid of Honour to the Princess Royal, Mother to his present Majesty, a Marriage was proposed between the Petitioner and the said James Hamilton, One of the Grooms of his then Majesty's Bed Chamber, and Nephew to James late Duke of Ormond’, which Marriage, his then Majesty so far induced, That he promised to the Lord Culpepper, if the Marriage took, to give to the said James Hamilton the Rangerships of park, during his Life; and not to restore the Deer (before that time taken out) without a full Recompence to him: And that in case the Petitioner Elizabeth survived the said James, the King would settle on her a Pension of Five hundred Pounds per Annum, for Life: Which [Marriage, upon such Treaties, in the Month of August ] 660, was solemnized: That the King, in pursuance of his Promise, did, by his Letters Patents, dated Twenty-fourth of November following, give the Rangerships, and all Prolits thereof, to the said: And that he so

enjoyed the same till 1670, when his Majesty had a Desire to restore Deer in the Park; and, in Remembrance of his Promise of Recompense to the said James for his so doing, referred the [Matter to his Auditor Sir Robert Lome, and Sir Charles Harbord, his Surveyor; who, Four-23

teenth June 1670, reported, That the Rents and Profits of the said Park, as the said James had made them, amounted to Eight hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum: That his said Majesty, by Letters Patents, dated the Fifteenth Day of May 1671, inCon-sideration of the said James surrendering his Interest in the said Park, did grant him an Annuity of Eight hundred and Fifty Pounds for his Life, to be paid out of the Tenths of the Clergy, within the Diocese of O wn, -

cester, Hereford, and St. David's: And that if the Petitioner Eliz. Should survive her said Husband, his said Majesty was pleased, in pursuance of his said Promise before her Marriage, to grant to her, by his former Letters Patents, an Annuity of Five hundred Pounds per Annum for Life, to be paid out of the Tenths aforesaid: That the said James Hamilton died in the Month of June 1673, being unfortunately slain in his said Majesty’s Service: That his said Majesty, by his Letters Patents, dated the Twentieth of June 1673 taking notice of the said James's being slain in his Service, and for a Recompence to his Family, was pleased to continue the said Pension of Eight hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum, to the Petitioners James, George, and William Hamilton, his Sons; and, in Consideration that the Petitioner Elizabeth had surrendered the Letters Patents, whereby her Five hundred Pounds per Annum was granted, did grant her an Annuity of Eight hundred and Fifty Pounds for Ninety-nine Years, if the Petitioner, or any of her said Sons, Should so long live, in Trust for them, in such Proportions as the Petitioner Elizabeth Should think fit; and to the Petitioner Elis.for her Life, One Annuity of Five hundred Pounds, to be paid out of the Tenths aforesaid the Dioceses of Chester and Rochester; and what Should remain of the other Dioceses, after the Eight hundred and Fifty Pounds paid: That the Petitioner Elizabeth, upon the Marriage of her Son James with his now Wife, did, in October 1683, appoint Four hundred and Twenty-five Pounds per Annum, of the Pension of Eight hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum, to him, or for his Benefit: That the said Pensions have been duly paid: But that the Petitioners are in some Apprehensions of Danger from the Vote of this House, for settling their Majesties Revenue, discharged of all Pensions, annual Payments, or other Charges, — if any Acts Should pass, in pursuance thereof, they may lose their said Pensions, so granted on such valuable Considerations: And praying, Thafcby such Acts for settling the Revenue, or other-' w ise, some Provisions may be made for the Petitioners, and securing their Pensions.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of Sir John Shawe, and others, w as read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are severally interested, to them and their Heirs, in several Annuities, issuing out of the hereditary Excise, under several Grants, made by the late King Charles the Second, to Sir John Sir 77/o. Wolstenholme, and Simon Bennett, Esquire, deceased, legal Grantees for Money lent; which Annuities are in Arrear about the Space of Six Years: That the Petitioners are informed of a Bill intended to pass this House, For settling the Revenue on their Majesties, freed from all Pensions, Gifts, and Grants; from whence the Petitioners are under the Apprehensions, That their Rents and Securities will be avoided; their Rights where to they being ready to "make appear; and praying, That their Rights and Iiitersts in their said Rents may be preserved; and the same, and the Arrears thereof, may be paid to them, their Heirs and Assigns.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of the Lady Howard was read; setting forth, That the Lord Howard of deceased, was

by his late Majesty King Charles the Second, sent into Flanders in the Year 1678, with the First Regiment of Guards, in the War against France’,where he died: In Consideration whereof, and of his Services to the Crown,

20°

he was pleased, by his Letters Patents, to grant to the Petitioner an Annuity of Five hundred Pounds Annum

Pension, out of the Exchequer; which she duly received: And praying, that the same may be preserved to the Petitioner, and not impeached, or taken from her, by the Bill, which is now depending for settling their Majesties Revenue.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of Mary Kirke, Widow, was read; setting

forth, That his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patents, did grant, in Consideration of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds paid for him, his Heirs and Successors, to the Petitioner, by the Name of Townsend Wife of George Kirke, Gentleman, and her Assigns, for a Jointure, an Annuity of Five hundred Pounds per Annum, out of the Rents, Issues, and Profits, of the

Honour of Grafton, in the County of Northampton, by equal Portions: That the Annuity has been duly paid: But that tire House having passed some Votes for settling the Revenue, discharged of all Pensions and Grants: And praying, Provision may be made for the Petitioner, for securing her said Annuity.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of Sir Stephen Fox was read j setting forth, That his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by Letters Patents, dated the Twenty-eighth of May, in the Thirty-second Year of his Reign, in Consideration of a Surrender made to him by Robert Earl of Sunderland, of a certain Estate,- which he had for his Life; and for other Causes; did grant to the said Earl an Annuity of One thousand Pounds per Annum, to him and his Executors, for a Term of One-and-twenty Years, to be issuing out of the Tenths of the Clergy, within the Dioceses of Exeter, Winton, Lincolne, and Sarum, as by the Letters

may appear: That, by several mean Conveyances and Assignments, and for a valuuble Consideration, actually in Money paid to those, who had before purchased the said Annuity from the Earl of Sunderland, the same Annuity is vested and settled in Charles Toll, for the Residue of the Term, in Trust for the Petitioner: And that his Annuity not accruing to him as a Matter of Bounty, he never having received any of that Nature, but such, where his Service was to be rewarded with the Profits of those Employments, which have been conferred upon him: And praying the Consideration of his Annuity, as purchased with his own Estate; and whereupon he hath a legalTitle; and that the same may be reserved to him for the Residue of the Term being Eleven Years and an half, from Michaelmas next

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of Sir Robert D Sir Samuel wood, John Pery, and Edward Executors of the

last Will and Testament'of Geor Esquire, deceased, was read; setting forth, That by an Act made 15° Car. IP1, for settling the Profits of the Post Office, and Wine Licences, upon the then Duke of Yorke, and his Heirs Males; Itis Enacted, That his then Majesty might iiave the Power to charge any Sums thereon, not exceeding Five thousand Three hundred Eighty-two Pounds Ten Shillings, to be paid yearly thereout: That his said Majesty, by Letters Patents, dated 19 Januarii, 20° Regni, was pleased to grant to George Lord Viscount end Edward Fillers, Esquire, and their Heirs, the Sum of Four thousand Seven hundred Pounds, Part of the said Five thousand Three hundred Eighty-two Pounds Ten Shillings: WThich Grant was afterwards confirmed by a succeeding Act of Parliament, made 22* 8$ 23° Car. JIdl: That the Petitioners, being advised of the Validity of the said Grant, did advance and lend, by way of Mortgage, Six thousand Pounds principal Money, on a Grant

Vql.X.

of Three thousand Pounds per Annum, Part of the Four Claims on thousand Seven hundred Pounds, to be repaid with Interest P', V)lick at a Day since past; and they being informed of this Revenue' House's Intentions, of settling the Revenue Bill freed from all Pensions and Grants; and praying a Clause may be inserted, for confirming the Petitioners Right and Title to the said Sum of Four thousand Seven hundred Pounds per Annum;and that the same may be paid to them pursuant to their Grant aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of Sir Samuel Morland was read; setting forth, That the late King Charles the Second was pleased by his Letters Patents, to settle several Annuities on the Petitioner; vis.One Pension of Two hundred Pounds per Annum, out of the Excise, for the Life of him and his Son Samuel; the which he has resigned to his Son; another of Two hundred Pounds per out of the

Tenths, for the same Estate; and a Third Pension of Four hundred Pounds per Annum, for Life, out of the Tenths also: And that the Petitioner hath much impoverished himself by his Services for the Publick; and hath no other Subsistence but his said Pensions to live on, and support his Family: And praying, That he and his Son may have their Pensions continued to them, according to the Tenor of the said several Letters Patents of the late King Charles the Second.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of Frances Duchess of Richmond and Lenox was read; setting forth, That she was legally vested in the Lordship of Aubony in France, on the Right of the Duke her Husband, by a Grant from the late King Charles the Second; but that the Estate of Auboney having been in the Family of Lenox, ever since the time of Charles the Seventh of France: And the Title of Richmond and Lenox being, after the Duke’s Death, transferred to another Person; it was the said King’s Desire, That the Lordship Should accompany the Title; and prevailed with the Petitioner so to do, in Order to the settling it on the now Duke of Richmond and Lenox: And in lieu thereof, his Majesty granted to the Petitioner an Annuity of One thousand Pounds per Annum, by his Letters Patents; and settled it upon the hereditary Excise of Beer and Ale, which was duly paid her: And praying, That the House will not take from her tire Annuity she has in lieu of her just and legal Jointure.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

The Case of Barbara Duchess of Cleaveland was read; setting forth, That the late King Charles the Second, by Act of Parliament, 14 Car. II. Cap. 14. for settling the Post Office, did reserve a Power to charge the same 1 . the Sum of Five thousand Three hundred Eighty-two

Pounds Ten Shillings: That, in pursuance thereof, liia Majesty, by his Letters Patents, dated 1 g« Januarii following, reciting the Power to grant to the Lord,

and Sir Edw. Fillers, and their Heirs, in Trust for the Duchess, the Sum of Four thousand Seven hundred Pounds per Annum, Part of the Five thousand Three hundred Eighty-two Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum, to be paid Quarterly:

That afterwards, by the Act of Parliament, made 26 Februarii, 22 Car. II. N. 44- the said Grants were confirmed: And that his Majesty having made tills Provision for the Duchess, and she looking on the same as an . inviolable Security, has not only parted with all her other Estate amongst her Children, but likewise further, to support the Honours of the Dukes of Grafton and North umber-land, some Years since, made herself Tenant for Life; and settled the Remainder, as to One Moiety, on the Duke of Graf ton, and the other on the Duke of Northumberland, and their Heirs Males; and in regard she had it as a Support from his Majesty, she has settled the Reversion, for

3 M want

Rights of the Subject, &c.

Plymoth

Election.

Claims on

Publick

Revenue.

130 20° — 22'

want of Issue Male of the said Dukes, on the Crown: And desiring, That this House would make such Provision in the Act, intending to pass, for her, and the said Dukes, as may preserve the said Estate to her and them, according to the Intention of the said Letters Patents, and Acts of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Case be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

Then the Managers went to the free Conference, according to the Appointment Yesterday, upon the Bill for declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown.

Sir lVm. Poultneyreports from the free Conference with the Lords, That the Managers appointed had attended: And that *, and # #, managed the Conference for the Lords: And that the Matter had been debated by both Parties; and that it was hoped, the Lords would agree with this House touching the - Bill.

A Petition of Marlin Ryder, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner being duly elected a Burgess for Plymoth, in the room of the Right Honourable Arthur Earl of Torrington, by the Majority of Electors polled, and allowed by JVm.Symonds, Esquire, Mayor of the Borough;

yet he hath returned John Gran-tile, Esquire, and not the Petitioner; in Prejudice of the Borough, and of the Petitioner’s Right to serve in this House: And praying the Consideration of the Merits of the Election; and to appoint a Day for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petitition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Philip Darc Esquire, was . read; setting forth, That the Petitioner having laid out Two thousand Pounds upon the Purchase of a Command in the Guards in the time of King Charles the Second, which the late King James did not continue to him; but, in lieu thereof, as a Pension or Salary of Four hundred Pounds per Annum, was established on him, upon Part of the Revenue; without which the Petitioner will be under

freat Difficulties: And praying the Consideration of the louse therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of the Lady Jane Lane, now Fisher, and of Tho. Lane, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That his late Majesty KwgCharles the I ld, for the Services done by them,

and their Family, to the Crown, was pleased to grant to the Petitioner the Lady, a Pension of One thousand Pounds per Annum for Life; and to the Petitioner Thomas, a Pension of Five hundred Pounds per Annum for Life, also: And praying, That in the Bill, which is now passingj concerning their Majesties Revenue, the said yearly Payments may be preserved to them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Motion being made, That the Consideration of the several Petitions mentioned in the List or Particular of the Perpetuities and Pensions now before the House, may be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the said Debate be adjourned til Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That Mr. Hawles have Leave to attend the House of Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Terry and Freeman.

And then the House adjourned till Morning, Eight a Clock.

' Julii. A. 1689.

Luna, 22* Julii; i6Gulielmi et Mariae, Anno Domini 1689. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, read the Third time.

Some Amendments were proposed to be made in Press 15, L. #, to fill up a Blank with " Seven."

Press 3. L. *, insert " authorized And, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Afterwards a Debate arose upon the Bill.

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare Reasons for a Conference with the Lords, Why this House doth not agree with the Lords in their Amendments to the Bill for reversing Two Judgments, given in the Court of King's Bench, against Titus Oates, Clerk, That the Committee had prepared the same accordingly: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and agreed unto by the House: And are as followeth; viz.

To Clause B, the Commons cannot agree;

1. Because, by the Law of the Lana, where Error appears in the Record, the Reversal ought to be general, and annul the whole Record.

2. Nothing in this Bill does hinder, but that Titus Oates may again be indicted, and tried in a legal way for the same Matter; and to disable him, before he is legally convicted, is not agreeable to Justice.

3. The Substance of his Evidence was never questioned, but agreed toby both Houses in several Parliaments: And the Commons think it unreasonable to give the World such an Argument, by which they may infer their disbelief of the Popish Plot, 83 the extraordinary Course, proposed in this Clause, will amount to.

Ult Press, 27 L. *, To the First Amendment, to leave out " the said Verdicts, brought in against the said Titus Oates, were corrupt and, " the Commons do not agree; i

Because the Points, in which the Perjuries are assigned in the Information, were solemnly examined, and tried at former Tryals, wherein the Proceedings were regular, and when Things were fresh in Memory: And, at those Tryals, the Testimony of the said Titus Oats, in the Points aforesaid, was supported and verified, by concurrent Evidence, to the full Satisfaction of the Courts and Juries.

Because it appears, by unquestionable Evidence, That several Thousand Pounds were bestowed and expended upon the Jurors and Witnesses, and otherwise, about the Tryals, for the supposed Perjuries: Which Sums are much greater than could be expended in a fair and uncorrupt Prosecution.

Because the Juries, who passed upon those Tryals, were returned by Officers unduly chosen, after the unjust Seizure of the Liberties of the City of London, and in the Reign of a Popish King; and at sucfi a time, when neither Counsel nor Witnesses durst appear for the said Titus Oates; when Perjury was countenanced, by tampering with, and suborning Witnesses,'to s wear falsly; by Judges not daring to take Notice how Witnesses, in latter Tryals, had contradicted what they had swore in former Tryals; but suffered Mr. Cornish, in particular, to be attained upon such

contrary Evidence, though the said contrary Evidence had been twice printed before by Authority; and, by prevailing on divers Members of the Corporations, contrary to their Oaths, to betray and surrender up their Liberties and Privileges.

Debtors

Relief*

Reversing

Judgments

against

Gates.

Irish Affairs.

Conference with Lords.

Reversing Judgment against Sir W. Williams.

w.e^M.

ii° — 2 30

To the Second Amendment, after " Bench," insert " against the said: Titus Oates were," the Commons do not agree;

Because those Words are proposed by your Lordships, on the Supposition of the Commons agreeing to the First Amendment: But, they disagreeing the reunto, there is no Use of this Amendment.

To the Third Amendment in the same Line, and after " erroneous," read " unprecedented, and soand for *' illegal, and are of evil Example to future Ages," read " that the Practice thereof ought to be prevented for the time to come," the Commons do not agree;

Because the Judgments must be illegal, if erroneous; which your Lordships agree they are; and there can be no Question but they were cruel; and to say only, " the Judgments were erroneous, unprecedented; so that the Practice thereof ought to be prevented for the time to come," the Commons cannot agree;

Because such Precedents have been, specially in the Star Chamber, though erroneous, cruel and illegal.

Press U It', 34 L. To the Fourth Amendment, leave out " said Verdicts be held null and void; and that the" and, after "Bench," leave out " and the Judgments given on the said Writ of Error," the Commons disagree,

1. As to what relates to the Verdicts; For the Rea- sons given for their Disagreement to the First Amendment.

2. As to the latter Part of the Amendment;

Because your Lordships having agreed to that Part of the Bill, which declares the Judgments given in the King’s Bench to be erroneous, it must follow, the Judgments, given in Affirmance of those Judgments, are equally erroneous, and ought, in like manner, to be declared so.

L. 37, To the Fifth Amendment, the Commons do not agree; For the Reasons before given.

To Clause A, they agree not;

Because there is no need thereof: The Bill itself sufficiently declares all like excessive Punishments illegal, by reversing those Judgments as such; whereas this Clause seems to w eaken the Declaration of the Law made in this Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Montague do go to the Lords to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments to the Bill for reversing two Judgments given in the Court of King’s Bench against Titus Oates, Clerk.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inquire into the Miscarriages relating to and Londonderry,

be revived; and do sit, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And that Sir John Guise be added to the Committee: And that all that come have Voices.

Mr. Montague acquaints the House, That he had, according to their Order, been up at the Lords, to desire a Conference: And that they do agree to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the Committee, who prepared the Reasons for the Conference, be the Managers of the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference, accord-

ingty-

Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Conference, That the Managers appointed had attended the same; and delivered their Reasons to the Lords.

A Bill for reversing the Judgment against Sir JVm-Williams, and asserting the Rights and Freedoms of Parliament, was read the Second time.

And Sir Robert Sazcyer, according to the Order of the

House, attended in his Place; and gave the House an Account of the Prosecution of the Information against Sir Wm. Williams, upon which the said Judgment was obtained: And prayed, That he may be heard at the Bar Vol. X.

of the House, as to the Information exhibited by him, and the Matter in the Bill which concerns him.

Resolved, Tjiatthe Matter upon the said Bill, touching’

Sir Robert Sawyer, be heard at the Bar of the House, This-day-sevennight, by Counsel for both the said Parties.

Sir Rczcland Gzcyn, informed the House, That Paul Privilege —

Williams, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending *’®rS0BS this House had made his Submission to him, touching the rUstody m Breach of Privilege, for which the said Sir Rozcland had complained against him; and therefore prayed he might be discharged:

Ordered, That the said Paul Williams be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Sir Rozcland Gziyn informed the House that # Latham, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, had made his Submission to him, touching the Breach of Privilege for which the said Sir Rozcland had complained against him; and therefore prayed he might be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Latham be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. Williams was brought to the Bar; and, upon his Knees received the Reprimand of the House from Mr.

Speaker: and thereupon was discharged out of Custody.

A Petition of Sir Rich. Onslow, Baronet, and Denzill Claims om Onslow, Esquire, on Behalf of the Poor of St. Bennet Revenue. Grace-church in London, and of several other Parishes, was read; setting forth, That Sir Robert Vyner being indebted to Sir Thomas Foot in Seven hundred Pounds, did assign to the said Sir Thomas Foot the yearly Sum of Forty-two Pounds, to be paid for ever, Part of a greater yearly Sum granted by the late King Charles the Second to Sir Robert Vyner, and- charged upon the Hereditary'

Excise: That Sir Thomas Foot after, by his Will, devised the said annual Payment to the Petitioners, and others who are since dead, for the Use of the Poor of the several Parishes: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Mr. Finch to attend Leave for the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between Member to Ashfeild and AshJ'eild. attend Lords.

Resolved, That the House do, To-morfow Morning at Crown Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of 1’evenue-the whole House, to consider of the Bill for settling the Revenue.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 23* die Julii; i° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

A PETITIONof Dame Anne IVindham Widow Claims on ±\. of Sir Francis Windham, Baronet deceased, was Revenue, read; setting forth, That in Consideration of the Service of the Petitioner, in concealing the late King Charles the Second after Worcester Fight, his said Majesty was pleased,

by his Letters Patents, to grant her an Annuity of Four hundred Pounds for Life, Payable out of the Exchequer; and afterwards, to accept of a Surrender of the said Letters Patents; and, by others to grant the Petitioner’s Tw o Daughters, Rachel and Frances, Two hundred Pounds per '

Annum to each of them, for their Lives; there being Four hundred Pounds due fora Year, ended at Midsummer 1689: And praying a Confirmation of the Petitioner’s

said

Hele’*

Estate.

Claims on Revenue.

232

230 Juki. A. 1689.

skid Daughters Pension, with the said Arrear due as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committe of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue is referred.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Windham, Baronet, and Francis

Windham, Esquire, Sons of Sir Baronet,

deceased, was read, setting forth, That, in Consideration of the Petitioners Father's Services to King Charles the First, and the Concealment of the late King Charles the Second at his House, the said King Charles the Second after his Restauration, was pleased by his Letters Patents, to Grant to the Petitioner’s Father, and his Heirs Males, a Perpetuity of Six hundred Pounds per Annum, payable out of the Excise; and afterwards, out of a Branch of the Royal Revenue upon the Exchequer; whereof there is now due to the Petitioners Six hundred Pounds for One Year, ending at Midsummer 1689: and praying a Confirmation of the said Perpetuity, and the Arrear due as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue is referred.

A Petition of Charles Mansell, eldest Son of Captain Francis Mansell, was read; setting forth, That his Father provided a small Ship; and therein, after the late King Charles the Second had made his Escape from the unfortunate Battle at Worcester, conveyed him and the Lord Wiilmotto France: In Consideration whereof, his said Majesty, by his Letters Patents, dated Eighteenth of July 1677, aid grant a Pension of Two hundred Pounds Annum to your Petitioners said Father, for Ninety-nine Years, if he, and Barbara, his Wife, and the Petitioners his Sons, Should so long live: That the Petitioner having nothing to support himself, and his Eight Brothers and Sisters, but what he receives of the said Pension; being in a mean Condition: And praying the House would settle the said Pension on the Petitioner, and his Brothers - and Sisters, as formerly.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue is referred.

A Petition of Mrs. Jane Berkley, Daughter of the late Lord Fitzharding, was read; setting forth, That the late

King Charles the Second, in Consideration of the Petitioner’s Loss of Two of her Brothers in his Service, did, in 1667, by his Letters Patents, settle upon the Petitioner a Pension of Two hundred Pounds per Annum; than which the Petitioner hath no other Subsistence, but what is in Ireland: And praying a Continuance of her said Pension, for her Support.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue is referred.

A Bill to enable Trustees to grant Leases of the Estate of Richard Hele, Esquire, . read the Third time.

Some Amendments were proposed to be made;

Press #, Line *, to leave out " or," in Two Places; and, instead thereof, to insert " and And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, ware agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table according^-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act to enable Trustees to grant Leases of the Estate of Richard Hele, Esquire.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Moyle do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Petition of Sir Joseph Seymour was read; setting forth, That King Charles the First, by his Letters Patents, granted to the Petitioner one of the Seven Auditors Places in the Exchequer for Life: and his iate Majesty King Charles the Second, in respect of the Petitioner’s Sufferings, upon the Sale of the Fee Farm Rents, the Benefits of the Office ceasing, did by his Letters Patents, grant to the Petitioner an Annuity of Two hundred Pounds for 19

Life, payable out Of the Exchequer (which was paid to Lady-day 1679, an£l no further); and the Fee of Twenty Pounds per Annum likewise (which was paid to Midsummer 1677, and no further): And being informed, that this House is regulating and settling of Annuities: And praying a Continuance of his Annuity to him in his ancient Days, lie having no other Subsistence.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee' of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue is referred.

A Petition of Amias Hert, and Juliana his Wife, was read; setting forth, That their late Majesties Charles and James the Second, in Consideration of their Services to King Charles in his Escape, by their Letters . ., did grant to the Petitioners an Annuity of Two hundred Pounds during their Lives, payable out of the Customs} of which there is now in Arrear One hundred Pounds for half a Year, ending at Midsummer 1689: And praying a Confirmation of the said Annuities to the Petitioners, with the Arrear due as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue is referred.

A Petition of Robert Philips, Esquire ivas read 5 setting forth, That for his Services in conveying the late King Charles the Second into France, after the Fight at Worcester, his said Majesty, by his Letters Patents, did grant to the Petitioner an Annuity of Five hundred Pounds for Life: And praying for a Continuance of the said Annuity to him; and also, to have the Arrears thereof; it being the only Support of himself and Family.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w’hole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue is referred.

A Petition of Jane Davies, Widow, was read; setting forth, That in the late King Charles the Second’s Time, in Consideration of an unquestionable Debt of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds due from his Majesty, she accepted of a small Payment of Two hundred Pounds a Year for Life (which she has received till Christmas last), as may appear in the Treasury Books, where the Consideration was entered: And praying a Continuance of the Payment; it being the whole Support of her Life, which is not likely to be long, being Seventy-nine Years of

Age.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue is referred.

A Petition of Charles Duke of St. Albans was read j setting forth, that his late Majesty Charles, the Second, having ... the Duties upon Log-wood payable to him and his Heirs, by a Statute made in the Fourteenth Year of his Reign, did grant a Lease at Five Pounds per Annum Relit, for One-and-twenty Years, commencing in September, 350 Regni; and that the said Lease, though of small Value, is great Part of the Provision and Support of and for the Petitioner: And praying, that in settling the Revenue, he may so far be considered, as the said Lease may not be taken from him.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue is referred.

Ordered, That Sir John Hotham have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for a Month. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Russell have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

Latham, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was Privilege-

brought into the Bar; and had, upon his Knees, the Re- a person . primand of the House from Mr. Speaker: and there- and^* upon he was discharged out of Custody. charged.

A Petition of Sir Walter St. John, Baronet, Sir Rich, claims on How, Knight and Baronet, Sir Ralph Vemey, and John Revenue

Cary,

Blaire's, Sec,

Impeach-

ment.

Leave of Absence,

Restoring

Corporations*

i W. £5 M. 23° Julii.

Cary, Esquire, Trustees for the Right honourable Edward Henry Earl of Litchfield, and the Lady Chariot his Wife, was read; setting forth, That the Lady Chariot being the natural Daughter of the late King Charles the Second, who, upon a Treaty for a Marriage with the said Chariot, promised to give with her Twenty thousand Pounds in Portion, and to settle Two thousand Pounds per Annum, till Payment; and pursuant thereto, by his Letters Patents, dated Twelfth September, in the Thirtieth Year of his Reign, did grant to the Petitioners, their Heirs and Assigns, Two thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the Revenue of Excise, in Trust for the Earl for Life; and after, for the Countess for her Life; and then to the Heirs and Assigns of the Earl for ever; but with a Proviso for the said Relit to cease, when his Majesty or Successors Should, at One intire Payment, pay to the said Trustees Twenty thousand Pounds, and all Arrears of the Two thousand Pounds per Annum: That Fourteen thousand Pounds of the Twenty thousand Pounds remains unpaid, together with Two thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds for Arrears, making in all the Sum of Sixteen thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds; which is conceived to be duly charged upon the Revenue; and One thousand Four hundred Pounds per Annum till Payment of the same: That, as informed, this House intend to pass an Act for settling the Revenue, free from all Gifts, Grants, &c. whereby the said Money and Security may be in Danger of being lost: And praying, that some Provision may be made for the securing the Payment of the Sixteen thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, and of the One thousand Four hundred Pounds per Annum, till the same shall be paid at one intire Payment.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mathwyn and Dr. Edisbury;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords, to deliver the Answers of Sir Adam Blaire and Dr. Grey to the Impeachment exhibited against them.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Answers be read Tomorrow Morning, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Rich. have Leave to go

into the Country, for Ten Days.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for restoring Corporations, was referred, That they had agreed to make several Amendments to the Bill; and also, that they had considered of the Petition from the City of Canterbury, and had agreed upon a Report touching the Case thereupon: Which Amendments and Report he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout: And several of the Amendments were read, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Amendment, Folio 5, Line 3, was read a Second time; viz. after " Living," to insert these Words, " or the major Part of them present."

An Amendment was proposed, by adding, instead of " or the major Part of them," these Words, "together with such as were then present Members of the Corporation, on the Twenty-fourth Day o in the Year of

our Lord One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-five."

The Question was proposed, That the said Words be added to the said Amendment:

And the previous Question was put, That that Question be now put:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tdlers for the Yeas, ( J|rf; } 11 a

Vol X.

233

Te,e, for the Noes, }.07-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the main Question being put, That the said Words be added to the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUers for «he Yeas,}W

Tellers for the Noes,{ *’"*' } > 7-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then another Amendment was proposed, by adding these Words, " together with all other Persons who were Freemen of the respective Corporations Three Months before such Surrenders and Seizures made, or Scire facias, or QuoJVarranto, or Information in the Nature of a Quo Warranto sued out, or the Major Part of them being then present;" and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the Amendment, so amended.

Several other subsequent Amendments were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, Folio 7, Line 12. after "restored," to insert these Words, "or to or for any charitable or publick Use, within or under the Jurisdiction or Management of such Corporations, Bodies Politick or Corporate respectively;" and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Other of the Amendments of Clause (A) were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the Residue of the Amendments be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of several Noblemen, Peers of the Realm, claims on who were domestick Servants of the late King Charles the Revenue. Second, on Behalf of themselves, and other his said Majesty’s Servants, and Widows and Orphans, was read; setting forth, That they, for valuable Considerations, have respective Grants of several Annuities, Relit Charges, and Perpetuities, from the late King Charles the Second, and other his Royal Progenitors, charged on the Revenue:

That, as advised, they, having legal and undoubted Titles thereunto, have valued the same accordingly, as well in Settlements of Marriage, and in Securities for Debts, and for Provision for younger Children: That, as informed, the House have passed a Vote fop settling the Revenue, discharged from all Pensions, Grants, <§c. whereby the Petitioners said Grants may be destroyed: And that the Petitioners are respectively intitled to several Sums due to them for Wages, as domestick Servants to his said Majesty; for Payment whereof, Provision was made by an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second, intituled, An Act for granting an Imposition on all Tobacco and Sugar imported between the Twenty-fourth of 16S5, and the Twenty-fourth of June 1693: All which will be likewise lost to the Petitioners; and the Money raised by virtue of that Act, will not be applied to the Purpose for which it was given, if the said Act Should pass: And praying, that their respective Grants and Interests may be secured and provided for, in such Act intended for settling their Majesties said Revenue.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of George Lord Viscount the only

surviving Trustee for George Duke of Northumberland, was read; setting forth, That his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patents, granted to the Petitioner, in Trust for the said Duke, the several Grants

3 N following

a $4 230 — 24 JuliA. 1089.

following; t'te. To the Lord Grandiso* and Colonel OrdThat aB Committees be revived; and do sit Committee*.

r, of the Relit of five hundred Pounds per this

reserved upon a Lease heretofore made of the Prizage and Underage to Sir IVm.Waller, and others, and the Residue of t!ie said Prizagd and Butlerage; habcnd', in Trust for the said Duke, and the Heirs Male of his Body; with Remainder over: To the Duke, and the Heirs Male of his Body, the Profits of the Seals of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, at One thousand Seven hundred Pounds Relit per Annum to the Crown:

To the said Duke, and the Heirs Male of his Body, Three thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the Excise of London, and several Counties; with the Remainders of the like Annuities granted to his Two Brothers, in case they Should die without Heir Male; Besides several Grants in Reversion, alter the Duchess of CleavelancTs Death, and his Two Brothers, if they die w ithout Issue Male: These being the Provisions which the said late King made for the Duke, and his Posterity, and the only Means of their Subsistence, and maintaining their Honour; and the said Duke having done nothing to forfeit the Favour of the present Government; but contrarily, having resolved to expose himself to the utmost for the Honour and Service thereof, and of his native Country; and to that End, being at this time actually engaged as a Volunteer in the War against the French, at his own Expence; he hath no Reason to believe, that he shall be deprived of those Grants, which he looks upon as his just and lawful Properties. And the said Petitioners praying, That, in regard the said Grants are the Duke’s only Subsistence, that the same may be excepted in the said Bill, or to make some other Provision for him.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of Antony Sturt, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That his late Majesty King Charles the Second, being justly indebted to the Petitioner in Five thousand Four hundred Sixty-six Pounds Five Shillings and Elevenpence, by his Letters Patents, did, in Consideration thereof, grant to the Petitioner the annual Sum of Three hundred Twenty-seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two-pence, out of the hereditary Revenue of Excise, which had been paid till Lady Day 1683: And that, being informed, _the House intend to pass a Bill for settling the Revenue, discharged of all Pensions, Gifts, and Grants, which will prove prejudicial to the said Grant made to the Petitioner: And praying the Petitioner’s Grant may not be prejudiced by any Act to be passed; but that he may enjoy the Benefit thereof.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of his Majesty King Charles the Second's sworn Servants belonging to the Robes, was read; setting forth, That, by the Act 10 Jac. II", laying an Imposition on Tobacco and Sugars for Eight Years, Provision was made for the Payment of the Petitioners, and other the said King's Servants Debts: That, although there is justly due to the Petitioners, for Goods'delivered into the Office of Robes, for the proper Wearing of the said King Charles, in the Years 81, 82, 83, and 1684, to the Value of about Twenty thousand Pounds; and the Adjustment thereof hath been allowed and signed by Henry Sidney, Esquire (now Lord Sidney), Master of the Robes; and

afterwards approved of by King Jamyet the Petitioners have received no Benefit by the said Act, contrary (as they conceive) to the Intent of the same: By reason whereof, they are reduced to very great Necessities, and innumerbus Families depending upon them: And praying the Consideration of the House, as they may be paid by the said Act, or otherwise provided for.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w'hoin the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

24

Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Merccmi, 24° die Julii;

i° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

"DESO LVED, That the ingrossed Bill sent down College of * from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better go- Physicians, verning the College of Physicians in be now read.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Francis Millington, Esquire, was read; Claims on setting forth, That the late King Charles the Second, in Revenue. Consideration of One thousand Two hundred Eighty-five Pounds Seven Shillings and Two-pence, due to the Petitioner, did, by his Patent, dated the Eighteenth of March, in the Thirty-first Year of his Reign, grant to him, and his Heirs, out of the hereditary Revenue of Excise, the yearly Sum of Seventy-seven rounds Two Shillings and Six-pence, payable Quarterly, with a Clause of Redemption upon the King’s paying the Principal: That, forasmuch as Letters Patents under the Great Seal, is the best Security our Kings can give their Subjects, and whereby their Majesties have ever been bound; and that, by this Tenure, the whole Magistracy, both in Church and State, hold their greatest Offices; and inasmuch as this Security is fixed upon that Part of the Excise, which his Majesty might legally charge: And praying, that Provision may be made for the Petitioner's legal Interest in the Bill for settling the Revenue.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of John Peme, and Ja his Wife, was read; Peme’* setting forth, That the Petitioner having a Right to enjoy E»ute. divers Lands in the Counties of Wilts and Dorset, as her Jointure of Two hundred Pounds per Annum Value, and Fifteen hundred Pounds Arrears; and having had one or more Decree or Decrees in the Court of Chancery for the same, they have been, by Threats, and other undue Means, forced, by Deed and Fine, to convey away the same; and an ancient Statute which protected the same, to Edward Berkley of Pull, Esquire, for Four hundred Pounds only, or his Trustees: And having been so injuriously dealt with, and being remediless, save in Parliament: And praying, that this House would take the Premises into their Consideration, and give them such Relief as the Merits of their Case shall deserve, and as to Justice shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Notice of the said Petition be given to Mr. Berkly, who is a Member of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Mamiaton have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for a Month. Absence.

A Bill for Relief of the Orphans of London, was read Orphans of the Second time. London.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Petition of Richard Bayly, Esquire, and others, in- London Coal terested in the Relit and'Fine, payable for and in respect Meter*, of the Coal Meter’s Place of John Oviat, Esquire, was read: setting forth, That soon after the Restoration of the late King Charles the Second, his Majesty was prevailed

with,

V

Orphans of London*

i W. M. 24°

*35

with, by some Aldermen of to recommend to

the Lord Mayor and Common Council an Increase of the Number of Sea Coal Meters of the said City, by Addition of Three (namely, Sir Rickard Moses

Brmne. and John Oviat, Esquire) to the Twelve ancient Coal Meters there: That the Twelve petitioning against this Invasion of their Rights to the Revenue of their Office, arising by the Four-pence per Chaldron for Metage, which the Coal Meters long before purchased of the City at a full Value, the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, did Enact, That, for a Recompence of this Grievance to the then Twelve Coal Meters, each of the said Three Persons added Should, during their Lives, pay Eighty Pounds equally amongst the Twelve Persons, their Executors and Assigns; and that, when any of the said Three Persons Should die, the said Twelve Should have the Nomination and Fines upon Admittance of each Person, who Should be chose in the respective Places of the Three so dying; which Fine and Relit was all the Satisfaction they had for above Seven hundred Pounds per Annum Loss; by Addition of these Three Officers; That the said Twelve Persons, their Executors, Administrators, -and Assigns, have enjoyed the said Rents accordingly, and the Fines which, upon Sir Richard Ford's and Mr. Brozvne's Deaths, were paid by the Persons admitted in their Places; and the Petitioners have the same Right to the Eighty Pounds per Annum during Mr. s Life (the only Survivor of the Three added Officers), and to the Fine which shall be paid after his Death, by the Persons who shall be chosen in his Place: And praying, that in the Bill relating to the Orphans of the City of London, the Petitioners just Rights may be saved; and that, before the said Bill pass, the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London, is committed.-

"A Petition of very many Artizans, and others, concerned in the publick Works of St. Panic's, and the Parochial Churches of London, was read; setting forth, That there is due to the Petitioners the Sum of Twenty-three thousand Pounds, and upwards, for Work done upon Credit of the Act of Parliament, towards building the said Churches, allowing One Shilling and Six-pence Chaldron for the Expence of the Buildings: And whereas Sixpence the Chaldron, as the Petitioners are informed, is propounded to be deducted, and taken oft' from the said Fund, for Payment of the Orphans of the City of London; no Part of whose Debt have the Petitioners contracted; And praying this House would compassionate the Wives and Children of poor Artizans and Labourers, in the first Place; and that the said Debt may be paid before the Commencement of this Abatement; the Petitioners said Debt being contracted on the Credit of the said Act; which, if diverted by this new Proposal, would be the Ruin of the Petitioners, and their Families; their Debts, in such Case, being to remain unpaid for a long time.

To which Petition was annexed an Account as followed! j viz.

An Account of all Debts for the Rebuilding of

Paul's Cathedral, to the last Day of June, Anno 1689; viz.

Debts stated, as appears upon). n(-Q , the Books - - -}5>°68 14 5

Due to Masons, by Esti-1

mate, as appears by their >6,332 — 4 Accompts not yet stated J Due for Oak Timber, bought!

upon Contract - -J

Due for Portland Stone,!

provided upon Contract -J Due upon Bond, for Money! borrowed - - -J

678 12 4

637-----

£. s. d.

\ 16,466 7

.(3,750 -

Attested by Laurence Spencer, Clerk of the Works. Vo 1,. X.

An Accompt of all Debts due to several Workmen, 'upon the Five last Parochial Churches, to the last Day of June 1689.

To the Works of the Five

last Churches, upon Bills }2,721 stated and entered More upon Measurements, not yet examined and stated -

More, by Estimate fori ' Works now in hand, and >3,900 contracted for - -J

15 6

5*5 4 *0)7,137

4 d.

— 4 -

Total - - £23,603 7 5

Besides Plumbers, Plaisterers, and Smiths Work, necessary to perfect Four Churches for Use, and to finish Thirteen Towers remaining, Eight of which are not yet high enough for Bells.

Attested by J.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London, is committed.

A Petition of Henry Tayler, and others, on Behalf of Hackney themselves, and the rest of the Four hundred Hackney Coachmfc, Coachmen formerly licensed, was read; setting forth,

That

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London, is committed.

A Petition of the respective Coal Meters of the City of London London, was read; setting forth, That, Time out of Mind, c®a* Meter*, the Duty of Four-pence per Chaldron, for Metage of Sea Coals; and Eight-pence per Ton, for weighing of Scotch Coals; was granted to the said City; whereof Part was constantly paid to the Lord Mayor, to bear Part of the great Charges of the Government: That the Petitioners purchased their respective Places of several Lord Mayors, as valuable Considerations for their Lives; with a Power of Alienation, if the Petitioners saw Cause for it: That they bought the said Places for theirs and their Families Subsistence: And therefore praying the Consideration of this House, and Justice therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee- of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London, is committed.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put Message jo them in mind of Four Bills before them; viz. A Bill for Put Lords in declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and mindof settling the Succession of the Crown: A Bill for attainting certain Persons in Rebellion against their Majesties:

A Bill for reversing Two Judgments given in the Court of King’s Bench, against Titus Oates, Clerk: A Bill for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom: And to desire that they will give them Dispatch.

Ordered, That Mr. Sacheverell do go up with that Message.

A Petition of Frances Duchess of Richmond and Aulnage Lenox, and her Trustees, and Farmers of the Duties of Duty. Subsidy and Aulnage, upon Woollen Manufactures, was read; setting forth, That a Bill is brought in this House, to take away the Payment of the said Duties for the future; where to the Petitioners have a good Title in Law for a Term of Years, to come, upon valuable Consider rations paid for the same: And that it is of so great Concern to their Interest and legal Right; and praying to be heard by their Counsel before the Committee, before any further Proceedings be made upon the said Bill.

Ordered,

Aulnage

Duty.

Reversing Judgment against Sir W. Williams.

Claims on Revenue.

Supply Bill; Cost'ee, Tea, &c.

2 50 JulU.

A. 1689.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking away the Subsidy, and Duty of Aul-nage, and Aulnagers Office, and laying an additional Custom upon Cloth exported, is committed.

Resolved, That their Majesties Counsel be heard at the Bar of the House, upon Tuesday Morning next, upon the Bill taking away the Subsidy and Duty of Aulnage, and Aulnagers Office, and laying an additional Custom upon Cloth, touching their Majesties Interest in that Duty.

A Petition of Richard Seyes, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, in the Year 1682, purchased of the Duchess of Richmond a Relit Charge of One hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds per to be

issuing out of the Relit reserved to her on the present Farm of the Aulnage, during the Term for which the same was granted; for which the Petitioner paid to the Duchess One thousand Two hundred Pounds; of which Term there is near Fourteen Years yet to come: And that the Petitioner is informed, That a Bill is brought, designed to take away the Duties of Subsidy and Aulnage, whereby the Petitioner’s legal Title will be destroyed: And praying to be heard by his Counsel, as to the Legality of his Title, before any further Proceedings on the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking away the Subsidy and Duty of Aulnage, and Aulnagers Office, and laying an additional Custom upon Cloth exported, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant for such Witnesses to attend this House upon Monday Morning next, and with such Books or Writings as shall be desired, either by Sir I Fin. Williams, or Sir Robert Sawyer, upon the Hearing that is then to be at the Bar of this House, touching the Bill for reversing the Judgment against Sir William Williams, and asserting the Rights and Freedoms of Parliament.

A Petition of Nicolas Gibbon, Doctor in Divinity, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, in Consideration of his Losses in Surenham, in the Dutch War, had a Pension of One hundred Pounds per An for Three Lives,

by his Majesty King Charles the Second’s Letters Patents, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his Reign, which he hath for the most part since received; and that there is now but the Petitioner's Life only in being; And he being informed, this House had passed some Votes for settling the Revenue free from all Pensions, §c. and apprehending, that without some Provision therein, he may be left destitute in his old Age, he being above Fourscore; and praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House do Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for settling the Revenue. "

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause to the Bill for settling the Revenue, to repeal the Acts of Parliament, which settles the Revenue upon the late King for Life.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Methwyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill for collecting the Duty upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Custom-house, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And the Messengers being withdrew.

The said Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

1 Skin, Line 26, For " Twentieth of July," read " Tenth of August

At the End of the Bill, add Clause [X.)

" Provided always, and it is further Enacted and Declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That every Merchant, or other Importer, having paid the said Duties and Impositions in and by this Act appointed to be paid for any of the said Goods or Merchandizes, herein before made liable to the Payment thereof, who shall, within Twelve Months next after such his Importation thereof, again ship off, and carry out of this Kingdom, or any. Port thereof, to any Parts beyond the Seas; that such Merchant, or other Importer, or such his Exportation thereof, shall be repaid the Duties, so by him paid, by virtue of this Act, of so much of the said Goods and Merchandizes, which he shall so export or ship off."

The First of the Amendments being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente.

The Second of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, Why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the said Amendments.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Lee, Major Mr. Hamden, Lord Ranelagh, Sir Mr. Ell-

well, Colonel Birch, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr.

Sir Wm. Williams, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. or

any Three of them; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 25* Julii; to Gulielmi ct Marias.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Dame Goodetha Prise, Relict Claims on of Sir Herbert Price, Baronet, Master of the Revenue> Houshold to his late Majesty King Charles the Second, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was Maid of Honour to the Queen Mother; and in lieu of a Marriage Portion, usually given to others, his Majesty King Charles the First was graciously pleased, by his Letters Patents, to grant to the Petitioner, and her Husband, and the longest Liver of them, an Annuity of Four hundred Pounds per Annum, payable Quarterly at the Exchequer:

That the Petitioner is now helpless and infirm, being Eighty Years old, and hath nothing for herself and Family to sublist on, but her said Annuity; which if taken away, they must be ruined: And praying a Continuance of her Pension, during that Short time she, in all Likeli- v hood, can live.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of Edmund Portmans was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner did lend his late Majesty King Charles the Second Twenty-two thousand Six hundred and Four Pounds, which was secured to him by Three several Tallies of Loan, upon the Fourth Quarter of the Eighteen Months Tax granted to his Majesty in the Twenty-fifth Year of his Ileigti: And the said Money, with all Interest for the same, is still owing: And praying, when the Revenue Bill comes to be settled, that his Case may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is committed.

Sir Walter Moyle reports from the Committee, to whom Acj the Bill for repealing the Statute of 50 Hen. IV. against Gold ancT5

multiplying silver.

Sbirly’t

EstaU.

Supply Bill; Coffee, '1 ea, &c.

Tanned

Leather.

Importing Iron Wiie.

Leave of Absence.

Tituf Oates.

I W. & M. 25° Julil

*37

multiplying Gold and Silver, was referred, That the Committee had thought fit to make several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were the first Time read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Hannah Shirly, Widow, and Mary Batilhey, alias Shirley, her Daughter, to settle and dispose of certain Lands and Tenements, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, be now read.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Committee appointed to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, Why this House doth not agree to the Amendments proposed by the Lords to the Bill, for collecting the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Custom House, do withdraw, and sit, during the Sitting of the House.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act made in the First Year of King Janies the First, concerning Tanned Leather be now read.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of divers Freemen of London, and other Workers of Iron W'ire, was read; setting forth, That the said Commodity of Iron Wire hath been, and is, of great and common Use in this Kingdom in several Trades, as particularly by Braziers, Tin-plate Workers, Makers of Boxes, Jack Chains, Bird Cages, Windows, Hooks-and-eyes, and many other Trades; and many hundred Persons have been bred up in preparing Iron Wire in those and many other Trades, whereby they have comfortably maintained themselves and Families: That there were several Quantities imported of that Commodity, till of late Years upon Pretence of an old Statute in Edward the Fourth's Time, the same has been seized as prohibited Goods: That by reason of such Prohibition, and that there is not near sufficient of the said Commodity made in England, to satisfy for the several Uses it is to be employed in, there are many Families and Persons, who used to work in the said Commodity, are gone to Decay, for w’ant of such wire to work on; and some of the Wire, made here, is not fit to be used in several of the said Works: And praying, That a Bill may be admitted to be brought in, to give Leave for the said Wire to be imported.

Resolved, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Lord Willoughby of Eresby have Leave to go into the Country, for Six Weeks.

A Petition of Titus Oates was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner upon the Address of the honourable House of Commons, in the Year 1678, had a Pension of Six hundred and Twenty-four Pounds per Annum settled upon him by the late King Charles the Second; and Sixty Pounds per Annum allowed for his Lodgings; and Two hundred Pounds per Annttm for his Service to the King and Kingdom, in discovering the horrid Popish Conspiracy; of which Pension he has been debarred these Eight Years: That, for the said Discovery, the Petitioner hath been imprisoned above these Five Years, and put in the Pillory One-and-twenty Times, and whipped from Aid-gate to Newgate, and from N to and, by reason of his long Imprisonment and great Sufferings, is become very poor, and very much in Debt: And praying, That he may be restored to his Pension.

Vol. X.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Johnson have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for a Fortnight. Absence.

A Petition of John Danvci's, Esquire, was read; Claims on praying a Proviso, annexed to it, might be added to the R«Tem,e*

Bill for settling the Revenue: But was withdrawn for That Reason.

A Petition of Henry Earl of Pelerbormo was read; setting forth that the late King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patents, dated the One-and-thirtieth Day of March, in the Fifteenth Year of his Reign, in Consideration of the great Service of the Petitioner in possessing and settling the City, Fort, and Garison of Tangier in Africa, did grant the Annuity or Pension of One thousand Pounds per Annum, for the Petitioners Life, payable out of the Exchequer: And praying, that the said Pension may be continued and paid, according to the Tenor of the Letters Patents.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is committed.

Mr. Papillion reports from the Committee, to whom Collection of

it was referred to collect out of the Books and Proclama- Customs,&c. tiens touching the Customs and Excise, wffiat they con- a<ter t)eatJ» -ceived necessary relating to the collecting the same, be- of CharlcsR-tween the Death of King Charles the Second, and the Parliament which was held in the time of King James the Second, That the Committee had done the same accordingly: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: WThere the same was read; and is as follow'eth:

Relating to the Customs, they find, That the Commissioners that appeared at the Custom-house to sit and act for the collecting those Duties, from the Sixth Day of February 1684, the Time of the Death of King Charles the Second, to the Nineteenth Day of May, 1685, when the Parliament called by King James the Second, met, were as follow eth; the Lord Cheny, Sir John Worden, Sir Nich. Butler, Sir Dudly North, Sir John Buckworth, Mr.

Tho. Chudly, Mr. Wm. Dickenson:

That the Lord Cheny continued his Attendance to the Two-and-twentieth Day of March, some few Days excepted:

That a Patent for establishing Commissioners came the Third of March; and then Sir John Worden took his place:

That Sir Dudly North's first Appearance at the Custom House, as a Commissioner, was the Third of April; and Mr. Tho. Chudlye'stlie Seventh of April:

That the other Comissioners continued the Whole time, and constantly appeared, except only now-and-then, a Day’s Intermission.

That The Sixth February, 1684, a Proclamation for the Continuance of Officers, notwithstanding the Death of King Charles the Second, was published.

That, this Proclamation was, by the Commissioners of the Customs, sent the Seventh of Fe to the several Ports; and the Officers required to receive the Duties for all Goods imported before his Majesty’s Death.

That Sir Richard Temple signed these Letters with the rest of the Commissioners; and also appeared at the Custom House the Ninth of February: But, by the Books, it doth not appear that he came at any time after.

That the Tenth of February, Letters were sent signed by Sir Nicolas Butler, Sir John Buckuorth, and Mr.

Dickenson, to the Officers in the several Ports, with Proclamations for continuing the Collection of the Customs and Subsidies.

That the said Proclamation is dated the Ninth of February.

3 O That

238 , 25° Jalit. 1689.

Collection of That in these Books there doth not appear what Con-after°DeathC ^sts "ere 'v^h any Merchants touching the Payment of of Charles II. the Duties, nor what Presentments and Reports were made to, or what Directions received from, the Lord . Treasurer; only the Seventh of April, there is Mention made in the Minute Book, of Three Parcels of Crape; and the Eighth of April, about Calves Skins at and the Thirteenth April, Orders given to prosecute the Master of the Charity of Margett, for putting Goods on Shore the Nine-and-twentieth and Thirtieth of March: Also, in the Book of Abstract of Letters, it appears, that the Twelfth of March, 1684, Letters were sent to the several Ports, with Deputations to the Excise Officers to seize Goods. These Letters were signed by the Lord Cheny, Sir Nic. Butler, and Sir John Buckzcorth.

That the Twenty-fourth February, 1684, Letters, signed by the Lord Cheny, Sir Nic. Butler, and Witt. Dickenson, were sent to the Officers of the Customs in several Places, with Directions for the Choice of Parliament Men; some of which Letters had a Postscript to order the Officers to take Directions from the Duke of Albemarle, and the Earl of Bath: Another Letter, recommended Sir Robert South for and the rest were in general Terms.

That the Fourteenth March 1684, Letters, signed by Sir Nic.Butler, Sir John and Sir John

xcorth, were sent to the Officers in Kent, to assist for the Choice of Sir JVm. Tzcisden, and Major

That Mr. Fran. Miller informed the Committee, That in less than Fourteen Days after the Death of King the Second, he went down to the Custom House, to discourse the Commissioners: He told them, He was not free to pay the Customs, and had his Fears, what might come hereafter: And Sir Nicolas Butler told him, That it was Fears brought on the former Rebellion: That there was about Four of the Commissioners present; he doth not well remembef their Names; but said, they fold him, He could not have up his Goods, but he must pay the Customs.

That Mr. Nic. Culler affirmed, That he remembered Mr. J\ fdlers Application to the Commissioners; and that Sir Nic. Butler said, Fears and Jealousies were the first Step to the last Rebellion.

That Mr. William Csaid, That there was discourse amongst the Merchants concerning the Customs: And that they appointed some of them to meet at the Custom House: and that he, with Mr. Miller, and some others, did meet, and went to the Commissioners: He remembered Sir John Buck-n orth, Sir Nic. Butler, and Mr. JVm. Dickenson, were present: That the Commissioners asked the Merchants, What Lawyers they had advised with: To which the Merclrants replied, They had not advised with any Lawyers: Sir replied, " We

know' what you are and said, If they would dispute, they were ready to dispute it: And Sir John Budacorth said to them, " Do not dispute it, it must be paid."

And relating to the Excise, they find a printed Proclamation, dated the Sixteenth February, in the first Year of King James the Second; setting forth, That whereas, the Commissioners of Treasury, viz. The Lord Godolphin, Sir John Ernly, Sir Stephen Fox, Sir Dudley North, and Frederick Thynn, had for the better Improvement of the Revenue of Excise, of 5® contracted with Sir

Peter Apsley, Sir Benjamin Bathurst, and Ja. Grahme, for the whole Duty of Excise for Three Years, from that Day, at the Relit of Five hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, to be paid by Quarterly Payments; as also, that his Majesty had been certified, by the Opinion of the Judges, that the said Contract was valid in Law, and had Continuance, during the said Three Years, as well for that Part granted to Charles IP for Life, as the other granted to him, his Heirs, and Successors, notwithstanding the Death of the said King: Therefore the said Proclamation requires all Commissioners and Sub Commissioners of Excise, and all Officers to be aiding and assisting in the collecting and levying the said Duties, for the said Terms of Three Years, 6$c.

A Copy of a Commission of King James the Second, dated Eleventh March, in the first Year of his Reign, to Sir Denny Asburnham, Baronet, Fra. Parrey, Esquire,

Charles Davenant, Doctor of Laws, John Felix

Calvert, Nathan Horn bey, and Rich. Grahme, Esquire, reciting the several Acts of Parliament for granting the Excise, and the Contract made by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury with Sir Peter Apsley, Sir Benjamin Bathurst, and James Grahme, for Three Years, as before expressed, doth nominate and appoint the said Sir Ashburnham, &c. to be chief Commissioners and Governors for Receipt of the Excise; to execute all Powers made touching the collecting the said Duties, and to commissionate Officers in such Manner, as the Lord Treasurer, 8$c. by and with the Approbation of the kaid Sir Peter Apsley, &c. Should direct: and also to levy all Fines and Forfeitures: The said Commission doth also impower the said Persons to collect the Duty on Fire-hearths, §c.

A Copy of an Indenture made the Thirtieth March 1685, between Sir Peter Apsley, Sir Bathurst, and Ja. Grahme, on the one Part; and Sir Denny Ashbum-ham, Fran. Parry, Charles Davenant, John Friend, Felix Calvert, Nathanael Hornbey, and Rich. Grahme, on the

other Part; reciting the several Acts of Excise, and the Contracts above-mentioned: And then the said Sir Peter Apsley, &c. constitute Sir Denny Ashburnham, &c. their true and lawful Attornies; and depute them, in their Names, to collect, levy, and receive, and cause to be collected, levied, and received, all the Impositions, &;c.; and to apply the Money, first to the Payment of the Five hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds to the King, then to the Payment of all Salaries, and the Residue to them the said Sir Peter Apsley, &c.: And Sir Denny Ashburnhanij &c. covenant to apply the Money accordingly.

Also a Copy of the Kings Commission, dated Second April, in the First Year of his Reign, constituting Robert S/Kticer, Esquire, Charles Fanshaxv, Esquire, Sir Paul Neale, Knight, Geo. Dodington, Esquire, and Seymour, Esquire, to be Commissioners of Appeals.

That all the afore-mentioned Commissioners of the Excise, but Felix Calvert, subscribed a List of the Salaries for the Quarter, beginning the Five-and-twentieth of December 1684, and ending Twenty-fifth March 1685; and another List of Salaries, from 25 March, 1685, to the Four-and-twrentieth of June following, wras signed by Francis Parry, Charles Davenant, John Freind, and

thanael Hoimeby: Both which Lists were presented to the Lord Treasurer for his Allowance, as appears by the Copies of the said Lists, registered in the Excise Books presented to the House.

Resolved, That the Report do lie upon the Table, to be considered when the Heads of Exceptions out of the Bill of Indemnity shall come on again to be considered.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee, appointed Supply Bill; to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Coffee, Tea, Lords, why this House doth not agree with the Lords in &c* the Amendments by them proposed to be made to the Bill for collecting the Duty upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Custom House, That the Committee had prepared the same accordingly: and he read them in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

Reasons to be given to the Lords at a Conference against their Amendments to the Bill for collecting the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Custom House.

1 st. The Commons have always taken it for their undoubted Privilege (of which they have ever been jealous, and tender,) That, in all Aids given to the King by the Commons, the Rate, or Tax, ought not to be any way altered by the Lords. The Amendment made by your Lordships, being in point of Time, the Commons hope your Lordships will not, at this Time, renew'a Question concerning the Method of granting Aids, which has 20 ‘ formerly,

.1

u.

t.

Conference desired with Lords.

Claims on Revenue.

Regulating

TryaJs.

Conference with Lords.

Leave of Absence.

Supply Bill;

settling

Revenue.

iW.tfM.

formerly, in Instances of like Nature, occasioned great Debates; and which may now beget many Conferences, spend much Time, and end in great Inconveniencies.

2. This Amendment, proposed by your Lordships, makes the Bill incoherent: For both Houses havingagreed, That the Forfeitures Should commence from the Twentieth of July, it will look strange, that the Forfeitures Should begin before the Duty is made payable.

3. Ships are now arriving daily with the Commodities mentioned in the Bill; which will he a Loss to the King, by putting the Commencement of the Duty so far off.

4. As to the Proviso, which your Lordships have sent to the Commons, the Commons do disagree to it; and for That do refer to their First Reason; the Proviso being, an Alteration and Lessening of the Grant, made by the Commons. And the Commons do, for these Reasons, hope your Lordships will agree with them; and not revive old Disputes.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject Matter of the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham do go up to the Lords, to desire the said Conference.

A Petition of Elis.Elyott, Foster Sister to King Charles the Second, was read; setting forth, That her late Husband Mr. Thomas Elyott, Groom of the Bed Chamber to King Charles the Second, had spent the best Part of his Life in his Majesty's and his Father's Service; and dying left the Petitioner with Five Children, without maintenance: That his Majesty, taking her deplorable Condition into Consideration, with the said Services of her Husband and Father (who spent near Three thousand Pounds per Annum in the Service of the Crown); and that the Petitioner liad the 1 Ionour to be his Foster Sister, (her Mother having been his said Majesty’s Nurse); did, by his Letters Patents, grant to her a Pension of Five hundred Pounds per Annum for Life; which she enjoyed during his Majesty's Life: But when the late King James came to the Crown, upon her refusing to turn Papist, though often solicited by a Priest thereto, she was denied any Benefit of her Patent; and hath received nothing, since his said Majesty King Charles died, thereon: And praying that some Provision may be made, for securing her said Pension, in the Bill for settling the Revenue, or otherwise as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Message from the Lords, by Doctor Edisbury and Mr. Meredeth;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to put this House in mind of an Act for Regulation of Tryals.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Pelham acquaints the House, That he having, according to their Order, been up to the Lords to desire a Conference; they do agree to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare the Reasons for the said Conference, do manage the Conference.

Then the Managers went to the Conference accordingly:

And being returned;

Mr. Hamden reports, from the Conference with the Lords, That the Managers had attended the same; and delivered their Reasons, why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the Amendments to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Preston have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

Ordered, That Mr. Manaton have Leave to go into the Country, for Five Weeks.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for settling the Revenue.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Wo 1.. X,

m

Mr. Hamden took the Chau* of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That his Majesty had given the Royal Assent to several Billsviz.

An Act for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

An Act to regulate the Administration of the Oaths required to be taken by Commission or Warrant Officers, employed in their Majesties Service by Land, by Virtue of an Act made this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths.

An Act for taking away the Court holden before the President and Marches of Wales.

An Act to vest, in the Two Universities, the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists.

An Act for erecting a Court of Conscience at Newcastle upon Tyne.

An Act for erecting Courts of Consciences in the Cities of Bristoll and Gloucester, and the Liberties thereof.

An Act for the better Regulating of the Salt-works in

Droitzcich.

An Act to enable Thomas Chettle to sell Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the Bill for settling the Revenue; and had agreed upon a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Motion be made to the House, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Clause, That the Duties, settled by the Book of Rates, now in being, shall continue and be collected, until a new Book of Rates shall be settled by the Commons in Parliament, and signed by their Speaker, and no longer; and to Enact, That the said new Book of Rates shall be settled between the Space of Three Years, from the First Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1689.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Clause, That the Duties settled by the Book of Rates, now in being, shall continue and be collected until a new Book of Rates shall be settled by the Commons in Parliament, and signed by their Speaker, and no longer; and to Enact, That the said new Book of Rates shall be settled within the Space of Three Years, from the First Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1689.

And it is referred to Mr. Ha, Sir,

Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Finch, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Hen. Capcll, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sir

John Trevor, Sir Wm.Ashurst, Mr. Grey, Colonel Birch,

Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Patience Ward, or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Then Mr. Hamden also acquainted the House, That he had Direction from the Committee to move the House, That they may sit again Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House do, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, restive itself into a Committee of the

whole

450 Juki

Royal Assent to Bills.

Supply Bill j

settling

Revenue.

Mr. Speaker

to issne Warrant for Habeas Corpus for attendance ol a Witness.

Claims on Revenue.

Irish Clergy.

Shirley's

Estate.

340 250 — -26* Julii. ' A. 1689.

whole House to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for settling the Revenue.

A Petition of the Duchess of was read; set-

ting forth, That the late King Charles obliged himself to lay out Forty thousand Pounds Sterling, as a Purchase for ' Land, in Consideration of a Marriage he proposed between the Petitioner and the late Duke of Monmouth; but his Affairs not permitting him to lay out so great a Sum, he, by Two Letters Patents, dated Twenty-second February 1664, and Eighteenth June 1673, did grant to the Duke Two Pensions, amounting to Eight thousand Pounds per Annum, and aJointure of Four thousand Pounds per Annum to the Petitioner, payable out of the Excise: And praying a Confirmation of such her Jointure.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 26* die Julii; i* Gulielmi et Mariae.

The Bill was read a Second time.;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sit Peter Rick, Mr. Bickerstaff'e, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Stock-dale, Sir Wm. Honyxvood, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Burrard,

Sir Ch. Bloys, Sir Tho. Samxcell, Mr. Montague, Sir Roger Ptdeston, Mr. Moore, Sir Tho. Sir Rich.

Hart, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Christy, Mr. Reynell, Major Vincent, Mr. Williams, Mr. Palmes, Sir Rob. Mr.

Pelham, Lord Coote, Mr. Eke ell, Sir Thomas Dyke, Mr. Coningsby, Mr. Hendry, Sir Nevill Catlyn, Sir Moyle, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Mansell, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr. Foley, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Done, Sir Will.

Drake': And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That the House do now resolve itself into a Orphans of Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for London. Relief of the Orphans of the City of London.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the Bill, but had not time to go through with the same.

Phatehs.

f\ RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant

to the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Chancery, to issue out a Habeas Corpus, directed to the Lieutenant or Chief Governor of the Tower of London, to bring Richard Graham, Esquire, a Prisoner there, before this House, upon Monday Morning next, to testify his Knowledge touching the Matter then to be heard at the Bar of this House, between Sir Wm.Williams, Knight and Baronet, and Sir Rob. Saxcyer, Knight upon a Bill for reversing

a Judgment given in the Court of King's Bench in Easter Term, 2* Jac. 11 ", upon an Information against the said Sir Wm. Williams.

A Petition of John Danvers, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That in 1661, during his Minority, the Manor of Dauntsey in Wilts, was seized into the King’s Hands, as

the Estate of Sir John Dancer's, the Petitioner’s Father, by

virtue of the Act of Parliament of Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures; which Manor was granted to the Duke of Yorke, and his Heirs, and now settled in Trustees for the Use of the late Queen Mary: That the said Manor was entailed on the Petitioner; and that, for asserting his Right thereunto, he brought an Ejectment, whereon a special Verdict was found by the Direction of the Chief Justice Hales; but that, Rainsford being afterwards made Chief Justice, Judgment was given against the Petitioner, upon which there is now depending a Writ of Error in the Exchequer Chamber: And praying, that Provision may be made" in the Act now in passing, for settling the King's Revenue, that such Right as the Petitioner now hath to the said Manor may not be prejudiced thereby.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

Sit Wm.Poultney reports from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for Relief of the Irish Clergy, was referred, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill so amended, be ingrossed.

- Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling of Hannah Shirley, Widow, and Mary Battilhey alias Shirley, her Daughter, to settle and dispose of certain Lands and Tenements, in the Counties of Middlesex and , be now read a Second

time.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee, Supply Bill; to whom it was referred to prepare a Clause touching the settling Book of Rates, to be added to the Bill for settling the Kevenuer Revenue, That they had prepared a Clause accordingly:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Folio 3, leave out from the Word " imported,"

Line 2, to the Word "the," in the Third Line, and insert " to be collected and levied during the time for which the same are, by this Act, granted, in Manner following, and no otherwise; that is to say, the said Subsidy and Sum shall be collected and levied, according to such Rates as the same are appointed to be levied by the said Act, for such time only, and until a new Book of Rates shall be composed and agreed upon, by the Commons in Parliament, and signed by their Speaker, and no longer: And that from and after such new Book of Rates shall be composed, agreed upon, and signed as aforesaid, the Subsidy and Sum of Money, payable upon Merchandize exported and imported, shall be collected and levied in such Manner, and according to such Rates and Proportions, as shall be therein contained and expressed, and no otherwise: And also that the said new Book of Rates, when the same shall be agreed upon, and signed as aforesaid, and every Article, Clause, and Rule therein contained, shall be and remain for and during so long time as the said Subsidies and Sums of Money, are by this Act, granted to their Majesties, as effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly set down this present Act. And it is hereby Declared, That the said new Book of Rates shall be made and settled, in Manner as aforesaid, within the Space of Three Years, from and after the First Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-nine. And the said Commons do further give and grant unto their Majesties."

Resolved, That the said Clause be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill for settling the Revenue is referred.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for settling the Revenue.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Dr. Edisbury;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, upon the Subject Matter of the last oate»?

Conference,

i W.£^M. £5° — 27 0 JulH.241

Reversing Conference touching the Amendments by them proposed

Judgments to be made to the Bill, for reversing Two Judgments

against given in the Court of King’s Bench against Titus Oates,

ates* Clerk.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

llesoived, That this House doth agree to a present Conference, as is desired.

And then the Messengers being called in again; Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the Committee, who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference, accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Hamden reports from the Conference with the Lords, That the Earl of Rochester managed the same on the Part of the Lords; and said, That since they were so unhappy to disagree with this House, he would give them their Reasons: Which are as followeth; viz.

The Lords insist on the first Amendment, for the Reasons following;

1. New Matter might have arisen between the First and the subsequent Trials; but nothing of this lies before them; nor has the Evidence, upon which the Verdicts were given, been yet examined.

2. There does not yet appear to the Lords any Evidence, much less any that is unquestionable, of any such Sums of Money expended upon the Jurors and Witnesses, as might render the Prosecution unfair or corrupt; which the Lords conceive ought of Necessity to be proved, before it can reasonably be expected, that they Should depart from their Amendment.

The Third Reason carries such Consequences after it, to the reversing so many Judgments as were given in a Course of many Years; and the Particulars relating to . this Matter not appearing yet to the Lords, by any Evidence that has been laid before them; the Lords cannot agree to it.

The Lords insist upon the Second Amendment, for the same Reasons as were offered for the First.

The Lords insist on the Third Amendment; and think that this Sentence was unprecedented, notwithstanding the Precedents of the Star Chamber: For this Judgment having been in the King’s Bench, no Precedent is offered of any such Judgment in that Court

The Lords insist on the Fourth Amendment, for the same Reasons they offer for the First

The Lords think, that for the same Reason which the Commons give, the Affirmance of the Judgments' in the King's Bench falling with the said Judgments, the said Affirmance needs not to be mentioned.

The Lords insist upon the Fifth Amendment* for the Reasons offered for the First

The Lords insist upon Clause A, as safest for the Subject, it being very usual in declaratory Laws, not only to Declare the Law, but also to Enact it

The Lords insist upon the Clause B for these Reasons:

1. This not being a Reversal by Judgment, but by Act of Parliament, the Lords do not think themselves restrained to the Forms'of Law, that are to be observed in Judgments.

2. The Lords lay no new Censure on Titus Oates, they only leave him in the State in which they found him, as to his being a Witness, till the Particulars are examined.

3. The Lords intend not to bring in Question the Po-

?ish Plot: But they think it both for the Honour of the Nation and Religion, that the Validity of Titus Oates his Evidence, for the future, Should not be allowed, nor a Conviction, passed in the Forms of Law, be set aside, till the whole Matter of Fact be duly examined.

Which Report being read at the Table;

A Debate arose thereupon.

And the Amendments, proposed by the Lords to be made to the said Bill, being severally read;

And the Question severally put thereupon, That the House do agree with the Lords therein;

It passed thereupon in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Committee, to whom it was re-ferred to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference VO L.. X.

with the Lords, Why this House did not agree with the Lords in the Amendments by them proposed to be made to the Said Bill, do prepare Reasons to be offered at a free Conference touching the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Hamden, Sir Thom.

Lee, Sir John Trevor, Sir JVm. Willia Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Finch, be added to the said Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House do, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bills Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Settling whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration ef Revenu the Bill for settling the Revenue.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. Privilege. Ramsden, a Member of the House, having left one Mr.

Toby Humphryes, a menial Servant of his, here in Town,

to do Business for him here; that the said Humphries was arrested, and put into the Compter in London, at the Suit of one Giles Allington, in Breach of the Privilege Of

this House;

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrt>w Morning, Nine of the Clock.

' Sabbati, 27* die Julii; l° Gulielmi et Maris.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Royal African Company of Orphan*

England, on Behalf of themselves, and other London. Companies of trading Merchants in London, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is intended to pass this House, for enabling the said City to satisfy the Orphans Debts, wherein there are certain Clauses relating to the Office of Out Roper and of Tro-nage, or weighing at the King’s Beam; which, in their Latitude, may extend to impose new Rates and Duties upon the Petitioners Goods, and be also a great Impediment to them in their publick Sales: And praying, that a Proviso may be added, for the exempting the Petitioners, and their Sales and Goods, out of the said Act: And that if it be opposed on the Behalf, of the City, that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel thereto.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London, is committed.

Sir Robert Clayton reports from the Committee, to Prohibiting whom the Bill for preventing the Importation of French with Goods, was re-committed, That the Committee had France* agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill:

Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the’ same in1 at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were the First time read through.

Resolved, That the said Report be now further considered.

The said Amendments, being read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause G was twice read; and was for John Bubb and Company, Merchants of Bristoll, to have leave to bring into any Port of England, Ten Tuns of French WineS,

Fifty Tons of Salt, Three hundred and Seventy-three Ballets of Canvas, and One hundred and Fifty-five Pieces of Dowlas, that he and they brought before the Twenty-fifth Day of A'fayfost, into the Island of Guernsey, from France and Brittany; the said Bubb and Company paying the respective Duties due and payable for’ them; and making Oath of the Truth of the Premises before the Collector of-

3- P the

Confer*ncfc

desired with Lords.

Leave of Absence.

Lords agree to Conference.

Hele's

Estate,

Duty on £offee, &c.

242 27° — 29 . 1689.

the Customs, or chief Magistrate, where the Said Goods shall happen to be imported:

And the Question being put, That the same be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause H was twice read: Being for their Majesties, and such Person as they, under their Privy Seal, or Sign Manual, shall appoint, to hold any Correspondence, for the publick Safety and Welfare of their Majesties Kingdoms.

And a Debate arose thereupon:

And the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill.

A Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That from and after the Tenth Day of August 1689, shall not be lawful for any Person to send or receive any Letters, or draw or receive any Bills of Exchange, to, upon, or from, any Person residing within the French King's Dominions, on the Forfeiture of Two hundred Pounds for every Offence, and Imprisonment upon Conviction for Two Months: The same was twice read; and; upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, For a Price to be set, at which all Red or Reddish Wine shall be sold: Which was twice read.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Clause be committed to the Committee to whom the Bill was referred.

Ordered, That Colonel TiMajor Vincent, Mr.

Sacheverell, be added to the Committee: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Four of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. H. Herbert do go to the Lords, to desire a free Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, touching the Amendment proposed by the Lords to be made to the' Bill, for reversing Two Judgments given in the Court of King’s Bench against Titus Oates, Clerk,

Ordered, That Mr. Howard have Leave to go into the Country for his Health, for a Month.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Winchcomb have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellwell have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks.

Mr. Herbet't acquaints the House, That he having been, according to their Order, at the Lords, to desire a free Conference, they do agree to a free Conference, on Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Metlmyn;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That they have passed the Bill for enabling Trustees to grant Leases of the Estate of Richard Hele, Esquire, without any Alteration.

Also, that the Lords desire a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments to the Bill for collecting the Duty upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Customhouse.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

And the Messengers being called in again; Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the Committee, who managed the last Conference touching the said Amendments, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the-Conference accordingly.

And being returned;

Sir John Trevor reports from the Conference with the Lords, That the Managers appointed had attended: And that the Duke of Bolton and Earl of Rochester managed the Conference on the Part of the Lords: And that they said, the Lords had agreed with this House as to the Matter of the first Amendment by them proposed, and waved their Amendment: But that they insisted upon adding the Clause to the Bill; and gave their Reasons for the same, as followeth:

Reasons to be given to the Commons, at a Conference, for the Lords insisting on their Proviso to the Bill for collecting the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Custom-house;

The Lords are much surprised at the Assertion of the Commons, That, in all Aids given to the King by the Commons, the Rates or Tax ought not to be afiy way altered by the Lords, since they conceive it hath always been their undoubted Right, in case of any Aids given to the King, to lessen the Rate or Tax granted by the Commons; whereof several Precedents might be given, which, at the present, they are willing to forbear, that they may not revive old Disputes.

But as to the present Proviso now offered by the Lords, their Lordships are of Opinion, this general Point is not the Case now in Difference, it being neither an Alteration, nor Lessening of the Duty laid upon these Commodities: For what is proposed to be drawn back upon the Exportation of them, cannot be said to lessen the Rates imposed upon them. It does indeed take away so much from the King's Income; but adds much more to the Benefit of Trade; of which the Lords conceive they are equal and competent Judges: And therefore they think they are very well founded to insist on the Proviso.

And that the Duke o i Bolt said further, That lift hoped a good Correspondence between the Two Houses would be maintained; for that they were,

as well as the Commons.

Which Report being read at the Table;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment to add the said Clause;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine

Resolved, That the Committee, who managed the said Conference, do prepare Reasons to be offered at a free Conference with the Lords, Why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the Amendment for adding the said Clause.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch, Mr. Hou les, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Grey, Sir Rob. Surryer, be added to the said Committee: And they are to meet on Monday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 29° die Julii; l° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Letitia Cheekc, Widow, was read setting forth. That King Charles the Second, by Letters of Privy Seal, dated 29th of June, in the Thirteenth Year of his Reign, directed Payment to be made to Sir John Robinson, and to the Lieutenants of the Tower, for the Time being, the yearly Allowance

of Two hundred Pounds a Yea . . self; Sixteen-pence per Day for the Gentleman Porter, and Fourteen-pence per Day for each of Forty Yeomen Warders; as also such Sums of Money for Fewel, Repairs, Charges of Prisoners,:^, and other Charges, for which Allowances were made by King Charles the First: That, in April lb79, hi? said Majesty, by his Letters Patents, made Mr. Cheeke Lieutenant of the Tower, with a Grant of all Fees and Salaries thereto, who disbursed (being so intitled) divers Sums of Money, about Prisoners, and

20 necessary

Cliims®*

Revenue.

Preventing

hxpnrt oi Wool.

Act 5 H. 4.

Against Multiplying (iold and Silver.

W. & M.

29° Julii.

H3

necessary Accommodations of the Tower; and, by virtue of the said Privy Seal, made his Demands, by Quarterly Bills, according to the ancient Usage in King Charles, the First’s Reign; as followeth:

exclusive, to Lady-day 1680, inclusive,/ From thence to Lady-day 1681, inclusive, From thence to Lady-day 1682, inclusive, From thence to Lady-day 1683, inclusive, From thence to Lady-day 1684, inclusive, From thence to Lady-day 168,5, inclusive, For Two thirds of Five hundred and Fifty Pounds, being for Two Years and Three Quarters of his Salary of Two hundred Pounds per Annum, from Lady-day 1682 to Christmas 1684, retrenched by King James the Second, -

For a Quarter’s Salary, due Lady-day 1685,

£ s. d.

>285 5 —

947 1 n

918 6 2

744 7 4*

819 6 2f

187 16 6t

>366 *3 4

50 — —

£ 5»318 16 Si-

Officers Salaries to be deducted, which/ belong not to Mr. Check, - -J_

So rest due to Mr. Cheek -

708

- 4,610 16 3t

The Quarterly Bills were examined, and allowed by Sir Robert Howard, and signed by the Privy Council, according to the Direction of the Lord Privy Seal; but none of them have been paid: That, in 1687, the late King James the Second removed Mr. Cheek from the Office of Lieutenant of the Tower; but, in Compensation of the Loss of it, he, by his Letters Patents, dated the Twenty-third of August 1687, granted to Edward and Francis Russell, Esquires, and in Trust for the Petitioner and her Children, Six hundred Pounds per Annum for Ten Years; which amounts to Six thousand Pounds: But one Year hath been so, that the Accompt between the Two last Kings, and Mr. Check, stands thus; viz. Due to him from King Charles the Se-1 jj. s. d. cond, a Debt contracted in his Service >4,610 16 ' 3--in the Tower - - -J

Due to him from the late King James,\

in lieu of the Loss of his Office of > 5,400-----

Lieutenant of the Tower - -J-----

10,010 16 3i

And the Petitioner praying, That, in Consideration thereof, the late King James's Grant may not be vacated, but stand in Force, being for a valuable Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of divers Merchants, Factors, and Clothiers, was read: But it was withdrawn, in regard it prayed to take a Clause out of the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool, for the exporting Cloth; and that a Bill might be brought in for that Purpose only.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal the Statute of 5 Hen. IV. against multiplying Gold and Silver, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, Press 2, Line 8, by leaving out, after " ," these Words,

" as the same would yield by the Ounce Troy Weight, at the same time, in any Goldsmith’s Shop in -

/street, London:" Which was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act to repeal the Statute made in the Fifth Year of King Henry the Fourth, against multiplying Gold and Silver.

Ordered, That Sir Waller Moyle do carry the Bill up to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Vol. X.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee, to Irish A Akita, whom it was referred to inquire into the Miscarriages re* lating to Ireland and Londonderry, That the Committee had examined the Matter complained of against Wm.

Harbord, Esquire, a Member of the House: And that Sir John Temple, being examined upon what he knew in relation to Colonel Richard Hamilton's being sent into

Ireland, and likewise concerning any Declaration for the Papists laying down their Arms in Ireland, said as followeth;

That he never saw, spoke with, or writ to, this Mr.

Hamilton, since he came into England; but that the Sending him over was transacted by another (meaning his Nephew, Mr. Temple):

That, about the End of December last, a great many Gentlemen came out of Ireland, upon the Rumour of an intended Massacre;

That he has heard this Air. Hamilton did tell his Nephew, That if he might be sent into Ireland, he would prevent this Massacre; and did believe he might prevail with the Lord Tyrconnellto deliver up the Kingdom:

That there was a Pass obtained for Air. Hamilton to go on this Errand into Ireland, and he was to return in Three Weeks; but he broke his Word and never came.

He conceives this Going-over of Hamilton's did no

£eat Harm, that he know s of; for that it was but the !)ss of One Alan to our Interest, who might have gone however, for that there was no Stop upon his Going; nor, after he was gone, did the Preparations against Ireland go on ever tire less for it.

That he said, he knows of no Transaction in this particular Affair against Colonel Hamilton and Air. Wm.

Harbord; but that Mr Harbord might discourse with his Nephew about this Business, for aught he know’s.

That he said, he was himself sent to by Air. Harbord to come to Town, and advise about the best Aleans for reducing Ireland.

That, about the First or Second of January, he was sent for to' Town, particularly by Air. Harbord; and told by him, That the King’s Pleasure was, a Declaration Should be drawn for the Papists in Ireland to lay down Arms.

That he drew one to that Purpose, and brought it to Air. Harbord. That the King, he believes, might see it.

That it was shewed to divers Irish Gentlemen, who were dissatisfied about it: He believes the Reason was, because he had drawn by himself, without their Privity: Upon which he told Air. Harbord, This Declaration might belaid by, and another drawn. Which was so done among the Irish Gentlemen, to their own Satisfactions.

He said, He drew a Letter likew ise to for,

delivering up the Government: Which he delivered up to Air. Harbord.

That Air. Harbord did give him all the Countenance,

Assistance, and Dispatch, that was possible, in relation to all the Irish Affairs wherein he was concerned.

Sir Oliver St. George, being next examined, said, That soon after the Prince's Arrival at London in December last, he acquainted his Highness, That it would conduce much to the Good of Ireland that a fair Correspondence were settled from hence thither; and that Expresses might be sent away to let them know how well Things were here.

That the Prince approved of what he said; and ordered him to attend Air. Harbord for that Purpose.

That Air. Harbord told him he would from time to time, give him all possible Dispatch.

That, discoursing upon this Subject, Mr. Harbord ordered him to find out fit Alessengers to carry such Expresses.

That he recommended one Air. Courthop and Air.

Cartwright, as very honest Alen, and fit to be employed in this Affair.

That he attended Air. Harbord often, to get these Alessengers dispatched into Ireland; but that Air. Harbord

was

Privilege —

Reflection*

on a Member.

244 a9* — 3°°

was many times so passionate, as he thought himself s^ghteil by him.

That Mr. Harbord, at last, put off Mr. Cartwright, One of the Persons recommended to him, and would not employ him; but employed one Mr.

That Mr. Harbord delayed the other Messenger Mr. Corthope, till one Adam Peardon came with Letters from my Lord Inchiqueen and Mr. Boyle, representing the Condition of Ireland; and pressing for some Relief to be sent

He said he told Mr. Harbord, That if the Messengers had been dispatched, when he first pressed it, they might have been back again by that time Mr. Peardon came.

That Mr. Peardon after staid about a Fortnight, before he could be dispatched.

That Mr. Hamilton (who was sent by Mr. Harbord in the stead of Mr. Cartwright) fell sick by the Way, whereby the Benefit of Two Expresses were lost; which was of ill Consequence.

That Mr. Hamilt.....animations, taken before

the Committee, Mr. Wm. Harbord said, He had divers Witnesses to justify himself against any Aspersions that might be laid upon him; and moved they might be passed in, and examined.

but that the Committee proceeded to debate upon what they had already heard; and were unanimously satisfied (after they had heard Mr. William Harbord in his Estate), that no Reflection whatsoever did rest upon him, from any Evidence that had been given; and therefore altogether needless to examine any more Witnesses.

And that the Committee ordered this special Matter, as it stands, to be reported to the House, with all Expedition, for the further Justification of Mr, Wm. Harbord, from any tiling that might seem to reflect upon him.

Which Report being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and there read;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee therein;

The House divided.

The Noes go fortlu

Tellers for the Yeas,| .} 75'

Tellers for the Noes,{ uSaw}

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter touching the raising and spreading a false and scandalous Report of Sir Peter Rich, by one Christopher Smelt, the State of the Fact as it appeared to the Committee; and which the Committee had directed him to report specially to the House: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table: And was there read; and is as followeth: viz.

That Devereux Jerman, a Witness, being examined,

testified, That on the Twenty-fifth of June, at Five in the Morning, being, with some others, drinking his Morning’s Draught at one Mary Allens, Christopher Smelt came in; and said, " Where is your little now? I have done his BusinessAnd being asked, How; he said, He went about, and told the People, That Sir Peter Rich was the first Popish Knight King James made; and that he was

She Rogue or Rascal that impannelled my Lord Russell's fury.

That Thomas Halfehyde said, He was at Mary Allen's at the same time: And that«Swe// came in, and told them,

He had been choosing Sheriffs and Chamberlain; and that he had done Sir Peter Rich's Business; and that he went about the Hall, and told the People, He was the first Popish Knighthood that King James had made.

That George Gun said, That he was present at Mary Allen's at the same time: And that Smelt came in, ami said, He had been choosing a Chamberlain; and that he had told it up and down, What Sir Peter Rich was; and had done his Business: And that he said, Sir Peter Rich was one of those that impannelled my Lord Russell's J ury: But, being some time since, cannot remember all |hat passed then.'

Julii. A. 1689.

That Jeremy Bower said, Most of the Discourse was over, when he came in; but talked of Sir Peter

Rich, and the first Popish Knighthood.

That Mr. Smelt said. They discoursed What was done the Day before at Guildhall: And that he saying, Sir Peter Rich was out, Mr Jerman was angry: And thereupon fie said, That, setting aside Sir Peter Rich's Popish Knighthood, there was as good Men in the Hall as he: And called

John Cautryn: Who said, He had known Mr. Smelt Fifteen Years: That he had been twice Master of his Company; always voted for Protestant Religion, and the chief Instrument that prevented the Surrender of the Charter;

And called Edm. Favicon, to the same Purpose.

But the Committee, not conceiving it material, came to a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: tVhere the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Premises be specially reported to the House.

Resolved, That the said Christoper Smelt bath broket) the Privileges of this House, in spreading a false and scandalous Report of Sir Peter Rich, a Member of this House.

Ordered, That Christopher Smelt be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for breaking the Privilege of this House, m spreading a false and scandalous Report of Sir Peter Rich, a Member of this House.

Resolved, That the House do now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, in the further Consideration of the Bill for settling the Revenue; and s in

diem, till the same is finished.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning resolve . Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill.

Then the Managers went to the free Conference with the Lords, as was appointed on Saturday last.

And being returned;

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the free Conference, That the Managers appointed had attended the same: And that the Earls of Nottingham, Rochester, and other Lords, managed the same on the Part with the Lords: And that it held very long, and therefore desired Time to digest the Matters offered thereat into the Report to be made thereof.

Resolved, That the Report of the said free Conference be entered in the Journals of the House: And that Mr. Solicitor General be desired to prepare the same for that Purpose.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except the Committee to whom the Clause proposed to be added to the Bill for preventing the Importation of French Goods

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 30* Julii; l* Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

MR. Christy reports from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Enabling of Hanmh W idow,

and Mary Battilhey alias Shirly, her Daughter, to settle and dispose of certain Lands and Tenements in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, That they had examined

the Matters of Fact in the BUI; and found the same to be true; and did not find Cause tQ make any Amendment therein.

Then

Supply Bill; Settling Revenue.

Conference With Lords.

Prohibiting Commerce with France,

Shirly

Estate:

iW.^M; 30° — 310 Julii. 245

Then the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry the Bill up to the Lords, and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House thereunto, without any Alteration.

Irish Clergy. An ingrossed Bill for Relief of the Irish Clergy, was react

the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for Relief of the Protestant Clergy.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Poultney do carry the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Claims on A Petition of George Lord Viscount Grandison, survive-

the Revenue, ing Trustee for the Duke of Southampton, was read;

setting forth, That the late King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patents, did settle upon him the yearly Sum of Three thousand Pounds, payable Quarterly out of the hereditary Revenue of the Excise, in Trust, as a Support and Maintenance for Charles Duke of Southampton, and his Heirs Males; which Sum hath been accordingly paid: And that there being a Bill now depending in the House, whereby all Pensions, §c. are declared void; by means whereof, the said Duke will be deprived of all Subsistence, having no other Provision made for him: And praying the Consideration of the House therein; and that they would except the said Grant out of the Bill, or make some further Provision for the said Duke, as to them Should seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

.Bankrupt*. A Petition of Thomas was read; setting forth,

That, about Twenty Years since, in a Suit brought in the Court of Chancery, wherein the Petitioner was Plaintiff against Sir Thomas Chambers, and others, Defendants, the said Sir Thomas brought into Court Five thousand One hundred and Thirty-five Pounds Four Shillings and Seven-pence, which, by Order of Court, was lodged in Sir Robert Tyner'sHands for safe Custody, to be disposed as

by the Decree of that Court the same Should be directed; which was decreed to the Petitioner: And that Sir Rob. Tyner gave a Judgment for Security thereof to the Master of the Rolls, in whose Name the Petitioner hath extended Sir Robert’s Estate in London-, and that, if he Should be compelled to take such Composition, as the rest of the Creditors shall think fit, he shall be defeated of that Money which was deposited for Safety in his Hands: And praying to be heard by his Counsel, at the Bar of the House, before the Bill passes, whereby he may be compelled to accept less, from Sir Robert's Estate, than his whole Debt.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered when the Bill touching Bankrupts, is reported.

Preventing A Petition of several Clothiers and Dealers in Cloth, and

Kxport of other Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, was read;

"°°1- setting forth, That it is the Interest of this Nation to pro-

hibit the Exportation of Wool; but, by the Laws, their Majesty’s Subjects may export Cloth, and other Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, into Flanders, Brabant, Zealand, Holland, West and Germany,

Switzerland, and Hungary: That, in the late Time, it was Declared, That the Subjects of this Kingdom ought not to export Cloth, or any other Woollen Manufactures, into any Place beyond the Seas, without Licence from the Crown: And that several of the Petitioners, and others, have been summoned before the Privy Council; and some of them imprisoned, and prohibited the free Use of their Trade; and being vexed with Suits at Law, and in Chancery; and their Goods and Ships seized and detained, without any legal Process; merely for endeavouring to export Cloth, and other Woollen Manufactures, into Germany: Which Practices have been violently carried on, by VpL. X.

Colour of Letters Patents for the sole Trade there, contrary to Law, and the Obstruction of Trade; whereby the Price of Wool, and the Rents of this Kingdom, have been much abated; the Petitioners, and other Traders in Cloth, discouraged; and many Thousands of Clothiers,

Weavers, Spinners, Tuckers, and others, and their Families, reduced to Poverty: And praying the Consideration of the House therein; and that they would make such

Provision for the Prevention of the Exportation of Wool, and for the Freedom of Trade in Cloth and other Woollen Manufactures, as to them Should seem meet.

Then the Order of the House, to resolve into a Com- Supply Bill; mittee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Con- *etiling sideration of the Bill for settling the Revenue, was read. Revenue.

And the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas|^rry^arter> } 69.

Tellers for the Noes,} 55-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may sit again Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for settling the Revenue.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and sit this Committees

Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuni, 31° Julii; i° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to prevent the Exportation of "Wool, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in Press 1, Line #, to leave out " within the Counties of Kent and

Sussex

Which was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended at the Table, accordingly.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added, as aRider, For the Deputations from the Commissioners to be entered with the Sheriffs, or Clerk of the Peace, of the County, and for the Deputy to give Security: Which was twice read.

And the Question being put, That it be read a Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Debate arose in the House, upon the last Clause in the Bill for free Liberty to every Person to export Woollen Manufactures.

And a Motion being made, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

T« the Y, a»,

Teller for the Noes,(*’j;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

3 Q A Message

} to; } 71

Preventing Export of Wool.

i^-

44d 310 Julii. — a" Augusti. A. 16894

Reversing

Judgments

against

Oates.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Afifes Cooke and Mr. Meredith; '

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That the Lords do adhere to the Amendments by them proposed to be made to the Bill for reversing Two Judgments given in the Court of King’s Bench, against Titus Oates, Clerk.

And the Messengers left the Bill and Amendments: And then withdrew. —

Supply BUI; Then the Order for the House to resolve into a Corn-settling mittee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Con-JUvctrae. sideration of the Bill for settling the Reyenue, was read. —

Veneris, 2* die Augusti;

1* Gulielmi etMarias.

Peatebs.

ORDERED, That Sir JohnJVyn have Leave to g° Leave 01 into the Country, for Six Weeks. Absence.

A Petition of the Eastland Merchants, was presented to Preventing the House, touching the Matter of the Bill for preventing Export of the Exportation of Wool: But it appearing, that they took 'Vo°' Notice therein of a Clause added, or to be added, to the Bill, it was conceived to be irregular; and so the Petition was withdrawn.

Reversing A Debate arising in the House upon the said Message,

Judgments Ordered, That the Committee who managed the free

ag"08t Conference with the Lords on Monday last, upon the *"* Subject Matter of the Amendments to the said Bill, do meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and prepare their Report of the said free Conference.

Ordered, That the Report of the said free Conference be made upon Friday Morning next at Ten of the Clock; and nothing to intervene: And it is recommended to Mr. Solicitor General to take care therein.

Resolved,'VhsX the Managers of the said free Conference do inspect the Journals of both Houses; and examine the Proceedings dpon Conferences and free Conferences, and adhering thereupon; and report the same to the House.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Managers of the said free Conference, to examine. Whether there be any Warrant for passing a Pardon for Mr. Oates; and make their Report thereof to the House.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. be added to the Committee who managed the said free Conference.

Rights of the A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Meredeth;

Crown. Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire a present free Conference with this House, upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference touching the Amendments to the BUI for declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to a present free Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

Then the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the Committee that managed the last free Conference touching the Matter aforesaid, do manage this free Conference.

And the Managers went to the free Conference accordingly.

Ana being returned;

Major IVildnum reports from the free Conference, That the Managers appointed had attended the free Conference: And that the Lord Bishop of Salisbury was the chief Manager for the Lords; and said, That the Lords had considered of what was offered at the free Conference; and as to the Two Clauses, and all Matters depending thereupon,. touching the Declaration to be made by the Kingor Queen, and the Persons to take the same, the Lords insist upon . their Amendments: And that they do adhere to the Amendment touching the Limitation to the Princess Sophia of Hanover.

That the Managers did propose it to the Lords, Whether the Lords would admit of any further Debate touching the said Matter: The Lords said, No; They had no such Thing in Charge from the Lords.

And a Motion being made, That the House do adjourn 'till Friday Morning, Ten of the Clock;

Resolved, That the House do adjourn till Friday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning, Ten of the Clock, accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke, and Act 5 H. 4. Mr. Meredeth; against mul-

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to ac- tlpjyc"ie.Gold quaint this House, That they have agreed to the Bill to an 1 ver-repeal the Statute of 5* H. IV1. against multiplying Gold and Silver; without any Alteration.

Also, That they desire a present Conference with this Attainting House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Bill for At- certain tainting of several Persons now in Rebellion against their PersoM* Majesties.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That Sir JVm. Williams, Colonel Birch, Sir

Rich.Temple, Lord Commissioner Maynard, Mr. Serjeant

Trenchard, Mr. Christy, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Mr. Hordes,

Mr. Hamden, Sir John Guise, Sir Tho. Littleton, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers wrent to the Conference accordingly.

And being returned,

Mr. Hamden reports That the Managers had been up at the Conference; which was managed by the Earl of Rochester: That he had not brought back the Bill; for it was not delivered him: That the Earl of Rochester said, The Lords had not gone through the Bill for Attainting of the Persons in Rebellion in Ireland, but only to the Persons that were named; for that the Lords did not know what Evidence the House of Commons had of those Persons being in Ireland: And therefore made it their Motion at the Conference, That they might be informed from this House, Who are the Persons that gave the Evidence against them here: For, upon their best Inquiry, they say they Cannot leam some of them have been there: They instanced in the Lord Hunsden: And they did think, that if they Should proceed without This, they might not have all the Evidence they have: And therefore they do desire, that the Commissioners will give a List of the Persons giving Evidence to the Commons, against the several Persons designed by this Act to be attainted; that the Lords may be fully satisfied by Evidence, viva voce, to attaint the several Persons; as they suppose the Commons are: For that if the Lords Should, by themselves, inquire after such Evidence, they may fail of having all the Evidence the House of Commons have had.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Trenchard do, Tomorrow Morning, give the House an Account of the Witnesses who proved the Persons who are named in the Bill for Attainting of several who are in Rebellion against their Majesties, to be in Arms in Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir John St. Aublin have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Crawford have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month.

Mr. Solicitor General made the Report of the free Reversing Conference had with the Lords, upon Monday last, touch- Judgments ing the Amendments proposed by the Ldrds to be made ^nsst 24 to "

f Wi & M. 2° Attgusti. *47

to the Bill for reversing Two Judgments given in the Court of King’s Bench against Titus , Clerk.

Ordered, That the send Report be entered in the Journal of this House; And that Mr. Solicitor General be desired to take care in die Examination thereof.

Which Report is as followeth; viz.

THAT the Members of this House, who were commanded to manage the free Conference with the Lords, on Monday last, concerning the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reversing Two Judgments given in the Court of King’s Bench against Titus Oates Clerk, did attend their Lordships.

That the Conference was begun by the Managers of this House; who did acquaint the Lords, That the Commons had desired this free Conference, in order to a good Correspondence with their Lordships.

That they look upon the Bill for reversing the Judgments against Oates, not to be the Business of a particular Man, but of every Subject in England, with regard to his Person and Estate: And that the Honourof Parliaments, publick Justice, and the Protestant Religion, were concerned in it, as well as the Integrity of King Charles the Second, and his Privy Council; And that the Lords Amendments, if agreed to, would make that Bill of great Prejudice to the Subject, instead of answering the End? which were intended by the Commons.

That the Lords Amendments were of two Sorts; some relating to the Judgments, and others to the Vejv diets.

As to the Amendments relating to the Judgments, the Commons had hoped, That, after the Declaration presented to their Majesties upon their accepting the Crown (wherein their Lordships had joined with the Commons in complaining of the cruel and illegal Punishments of the last Reign; and in asserting it to be the ancient Right of the People of England, that they Should not be subjected to cruel and unusual Punishments; and that no Judgments to the Prejudice of the People in that kind ought in any wise to be drawn into Consequence, or Example); and after this Declaration had been so lately renewed in that Part of the Bill of Rights which the Lords have agreed to; they Should not have seen Judgments of this Nature affirmed, and been put under a Necessity of sending up a Bill for reversing the m; since those Declarations will not only be useless, but of pernicious Consequence to the People, if, so soon after, such Judgments as these stand affirmed, and be not taken to be cruel and illegal within the Meaning of those Declarations.

That the Commons had a particular Regard to these Judgments, amongst others, when that Declaration was first made; and must insist upon it, That they are erroneous, cruel, illegal, and of ill Example to future Ages; which is the Character fixed upon them by the Bill sent up to the Lords.

That the Lords having gone so far as to agree the Judgments to be erroneous, it could not be denied that they were illegal: For that which makes a Judgment erroneous is, For that it is against Law.

That it seemed no less plam, That the Judgments were cruel, and of ill Example to future Ages.

That it was surely of ill Example for a Temporal Court to give Judgment, " That a Clerk be divested of his Canonical Habits; and continue so divested during his Lite."

That it was of ill Example, and illegal, That a Judgment of perpetual Imprisonment Should be given in a Case, where there is no express Law to warrant it.

It was of ill Example, and unusual, That an Englishmen Should be exposed upon a Pillory, so many times a Year, during his Life.

That it was illegal, cruel, and of dangerous Example, That a Freeman Should be whipped in such a barbarous manner, as, in Probability, would determine in Death.

That here were Precedents made, which did not concern this Man only, or only this Offence; but the Judgments pronounced against Oates, were Judgments against Vol. X.

every Englishmen, Subject Ecclesiastical as well as Tern- R«v«nfaf poral; the Lords as well as Commons.

That this was avowed, when these Judgments was given patet/ by the then Lord Chief Justice of the King’s Bench; who declared; " That all the Judges had met; and unanimously agreed, That where the Subject was prosecuted at Common Law for a Misdemeanour, it was in the Discretion of the Court, to inflict what Punishment they pleased, not extending to Life, or Member."

That as soon as they had set up this Pretence to a discretionary Power, it was observable how they put it in Practice, not only in this, but in other Cases, and for other Offence?, by inflicting such cruel and ignominious Punishments, as will be agreed to be far worse than Death itself to any Man who has a Sense of Honour, or Shame: So that, it was hoped, the Lords would find themselves concerned in Interest to depart from their Amendments, and not to rest satisfied with a bare saying, That such Practices ought to be prevented for the future: Much less to insist upon their additional Clause A; which is so far from de* daring those Judgments to have been illegal, that it does plainly import an Allowance of them: Nor does it go so far, as to provide a Remedy for the future; For it does only Enact, That such excessive Punishments ought not to be inflicted for the future: Which seems rather to refer to the Severity of (he Execution, than to the Judgment itself.

It was agreed by the Lords at the last Conference,

That the Judgments of Affirmance given by the Lords, cannot nor ought to stand, when the Judgments of the King’s Bench are reversed: And therefore the Commons think themselves concerned to insist, That the Act may speak plain; and that it may be understood by all who have heard the Judgments against Oates were once affirmed by the Lords, that those Judgments of Affirmation may sublist no longer.

As to the Lords Amendments, which relate to the Verdicts;

It was urged by the Managers for the Commons, That so severe and extraordinary a Thing, as the making a Man infamous, and taking away his Testimony by Act of Parliament, ought not to be done, but'upon the greatest Consideration; especially in such a Case as this, where the Honour of Parliamentary Proceedings, and of the English Justice, were moie concerned than Oates.

The Business of the Popish Plot had great Examination in several Parliaments, and in several Courts of Justice;

In all which Oates stood a good Witness And though his Testimony did not stand alone, but was confirmed by other Witnesses, and by Papers and Letters (Evidence which could not be mistaken); yet it did deserve to be considered, if the Declaring him to be an incompetent Witness, by Act of Parliament, would not be interpreted a great Step towards disavowing the Popish Plot; it be? ing certain, That what had been done by the Lords, in affirming the Judgments against him, had already had such an Interpretation beyond Sea; It was therefore fit to haye it plainly known, Whether that was intended; and to have it well weighed, whether the Thing will be so much for the Honour of our Nation, or our Religion, that w$ Should go out of the Way, and do an extraordinary thing to come at it:

For, by Law, when the Judgment is erroneous (which is confessed in this Case), the whole Record is to be annul? led; And therefore, to let so much of the Record stand as relates to the Conviction (which is in Effect done by the Lords Clause (B), is to do an extraordinary thing; i? plainly to pass a new Censure upon Oates; and to make that which was singly the Opinion of the Jury before tq be the Act of the whole Parliament; Which the Commons can see no Reason to agree to.

And, though it be confessed, That the present Proceed? ing is in the Legislative way, and therefore there is no Necessity of strictly pursuing the Forms of Courts of Justice; yet, when the Commons reflect how they came to be driven to use this extraordinary Course for reversing these Judgments, they cannot satisfy themselves, that it

Reversing

Judgments

against

Oates.

248 2 Angusti 1689.

is just to take from the Party an Advantage which he ought to have had in the ordinary Methods of Law, without stronger Reasons than they have heard in this Case.

They observe, The Perjuries assigned against Oates were not in the Substance of his Evidence, but in the ‘Circumstance of Time; in which there might be an innocent Mistake, without contracting the Guilt of wilful Perjury; and that a colourable Counter Evidence might be easily set up to such a Point of Time; especially when the Thing was under the Management of Jesuits, whose whole Order was wounded by Oates' Evidence, and who are not scrupulous of using indirect Acts, to preserve their Credit or Interest.

It was also to be observed, That the Matter in which the Perjuries were assigned, were not new Discoveries; but the very same things had been objected, and insisted On at former Tryals, several Years before, when Matters were fresh in Memory, and when most of the same Witnesses were examined against Oates: And yet, after a full Hearing of them, and of the Witnesses produced on the Rehalf of Oates, his Testimony was supported) to the full Satisfaction of the Judges and the Juries.

So that, after all Endeavours to the contrary, Oates stood upright, his Testimony unshaken, till a Papist was upon the Throne; till irregular Sheriffs were made; till new Freeholders Books, consisting only of Persons fit to serve the present Turn, were formed; till Grahme and Burton were by Experience become perfect in the Mystery of managing J uries; till neither Counsel nor Witnesses could, with Safety, appear for Oates', till those Times were come, when (as the Lords and Commons have both affirmed in their Declaration of the Thirteenth of February) partial, -corrupt, and unqualified Persons were returned, and served on Juries.

That Violation of Law, Partiality, and Corruption, were the Character of the Times; and were visible in every thing that moved towards the attaining those Verdicts: And therefore the Commons think themselves well justified in calling the Verdicts corrupt, though no direct Giving of Money to Jurors, or Witnesses, could have been proved: For if nothing else but a direct Proof of Money given, make a corrupt Verdict, it would be very difficult to shew, that ever a corrupt Verdict was given: Nay, it is possible a Jury may have taken Money; and yet give a true and honest Verdict.

Any Partiality in the Jury, let either Malice or Affection be the Motive, makes the Verdict corrupt: If the Juror do but declare his Thought before the Tryal, it is a good Cause of Challenge: So nice is the Law in requiring, that Jurors be indifferent, that if any one of the Jury be returned at the Denomination of the Party, or to the end that he Should be more favourable to the One Side than the other, the whole Array out to be quashed.

It appeared to the Committee of the House of Commons, who were appointed to inquire into the Proceedings upon the Indictments against Oates, That so great a Price was set on the destroying Oates' Credit, That the Prosecutions w’ere notoriously carried on by express Directions and Commands from the Court; that great Sums of Money were distributed, in order to it; and fit Instruments employed in procuring and instructing Witnesses to swear against Oates, in the same Points, which had been fully examined before; that, under colour of paying their Charges, considerable Sums of Money were given to Witnesses; that, to make sure of them beforehand, they were required to make Affidavits, beyond Sea, of what they w ere to sw'ear at the Tryal; which were drawn so, that it was proved to the Committee, That one of the intended Witnesses refused to swear again what they had thought fit to set down for him in his Affidavit.

It did appear to the Committee, That Clubs were kept at Taverns; Where Jurors were named in these State Tryals (as they were called); and where Burton and Grahme were assisting, and gave their Directions.

Besides, there lay an Exception of Partiality to the

Witnesses, being all of them, in a manner, Novices at Omers,a College of Jesuits; against which College, Oates had given particular Testimony: Besides (as Jesuits) they could not esteem it of little Consequence to their Order, to discredit the Evidence of the Popish Plot; and disparage those Parliaments who had prosecuted it with so much Vigour: And how far the Principles of the Jesuits would allow them to instruct their Novices, that an Oath, administered by Heretick Magistrates, was to be little regarded, might deserve to be thought upon.

It appeared to the Committee, That in this Case no less than Nine of the most considerable Counsel were employed against Oates, and had frequent Meetings, and great Fees; which seemed extraordinary, when nothing was in Question but a Point of Time.

It appeared, That great Treats were given several times to the Jurors; which the Law does not allow.

It appeared also, by the Accounts upon Record in the Exchequer, That above Three thousand Pounds was expended about convicting Oates: Which the Commons could not but think was too great a Sum to be fairly spent, upon Occasion of Two Tryals by London Juries.

The Commons saw no Cause to add any Authority or Reputation to such Verdicts, upon a bare Possibility that new Matters might arise between the former Tryals, and those for the Perjuries (which was a thing insisted on by the Lords at the last Conference); since it was, at least, alike possible, that no such new Matter did arise: For, on the one side, it was owned by the Lords, that they had not examined the Fact; and on the other side, the Indictments shewed, that the Points, in which the Perjuries were assigned, were not new Matters, but the same which had been drawn in Question at the former Tryals, and upon the Credit of the same Witnesses: So that the Presumption lay stronger on the Commons Side.

As to what was mentioned by the Lords at the last Conference, " That the Corruption of the Verdicts did not appear to them;" it was said, That was not the Fault of the Commons; the Lords having the same Means of being informed as the Commons had, if they had thought fit to use them.

It was agreed to the Lords, That there was a Respect to be had to legal Proceedings; but then that Respect ought to be equal: And the Examination of the same Facts, in the several Tryals in King Charles' Reign, did deserve, at least as much Regard as the Examination of the very same Facts in King James' Time; especially when the former Tryals stood confirmed by the concurring Opinions of King Charles himself, and so many successive Parliaments: Besides, it was scarce credible, that the Judges, who could be guilty of giving such an extravagant Judgment, could be indifferent in their Directions at the Tryal.

The Managers did further urge, That the Lords Clause (B) did make it impossible for Oclear his Innocence,

though that was said to be the End for which it was intended: For if the Conviction stand, there is no legal Course left for hearing and determining the _ Matters for which he was convicted: And were it supposed the Lords Should think fit to give themselves the Trouble to enter into the Examination of the whole Matter, and could find out a Means of doing it; yet, if the Lords Proviso was agreed to, Oates could have no manner of Advantage, though his Innocency was fully cleared, by any Judgment the Lords could give; but he must still remain an infamous Person, unless a new Law were made to restore him: And how far it is consistent with the Rules of Justice, to leave a Man in such Circumstances, seemed very easy to determine; especially since, by pursuing the known Methods of Law, and entirely reversing the Judgments by Act of Parliament now, as it ought to have been done before by the Lords in their Judicial Capacity, Oates may be again indicted, and brought to an indifferent Tryal; according to the Success of w'hich, his Credit will stand or fall: And that is the only regular way which does remain, to have these Matters re-examined.

The

i "W‘. M. 2° J&jtfifti.

The Managers for the Lords, who spoke at the Conference, were the Earls of RoBerkly, and Nottingham, the Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Bishop

of Salisbury.

The Substance of what was 6aid by the Managers for die Lords, as to their Amendments, with relation to the Verdicts was,

That, if it were proved to them, that the Verdicts were corrupt, it would incline them to agree; That being the Issue between the Two Houses: If That was not made out, the Lords did not think it fit, that Oates Should take Advantage of an erroneous Judgment, to destroy the Verdict.

That, in order to let them into the Examination of the Matter they had added the Clause B: That the only proper time for the Examination of that Matter was, after the Commons had agreed to that Clause: For the Lords could not enter into the Examination of it in their Judicial Capacity, because they were then only to take the Records as they stood before them.

That to make the Verdicts corrupt, there must be some Corruptions made out between the Time of the former Tryals, and the Time of the subsequent Tryals for the Perjuries.

That they agreed there might be other Methods of Corruption than by Money; but that it was hard to assign them.

That the Persoos who served upon the Juries at Oates's Tryals, were Men of great Consideration in London, some of the first Form of Merchants; and to dispute their Verdicts was, in Effect, to attaint them: That few Men but would have been pleased to have had such a Jury in a Case of their own.

That the Lords would rather believe Oates guilty of Perjury and Knavery, than look upon the Grand Jury and Petty Jury to be perjured.

That there was no Proof before the Lords, That there was any Favour in the Return of the Jury; or, that they were nominated by a Club.

That there was no Incompetency in the Witnesses against Oates; for though he had sworn against Many, be had not sworn against All the Jesuits.

That the Treating of Jurors was acknowledged to be scandalous; but there was no Proof of That before the Lords: And if it were true, yet it had not been sufficient to set aside the Verdicts, without other Proofs of Corruption, and Those fit for a Court of Record to receive.

That they did not think it sufficient Evidence, That Orahme ana Burton had charged great Sums in their Books as paid upon the Account of those Tryals; for, That might be false: Or, suppose it were expended on the Witnesses, did That make the Verdict corrupt? so that the Lords might legally, judicially, and honestly, give their Vote upon the Question.

That it was a Matter of great Importance, and concerned every Man in his Life and Estate, if it were taken for granted, that, because a Man had, at aTryal, passed for a good Witness, he was not to be prosecuted afterwards for Perjury: That a Man accused was then in a. very unfortunate Condition; for the Grand Jury was to keep the King’s Secrets: The Prisoner in such a Case was for the most part kept close, and his Witnesses were not sworn; so that he could not be ready for his Defence for the present: And if the Witnesses might not after-' -wards be prosecuted for Perjury, by him or his, then there was an End of all Prosecutions for Perjury.

That the Point of Time was material: And that a Person accused of Treason had hardly any thing else whereby to make his Innocence appear; since there was no Proving of a Negative.

That Counsel was assigned to Oates: And that Witnesses were summoned, and did appear for him; as they had heard.

That there was no Way to reverse a Verdict but by Act of Parliament: And, before That was done Justice did require, that the Party Should clear his Innocence. Vol. X.

That the Lords had Reason to expieef die Cwnmws Should make out to them the Corruption of the Verdicts;' and . shew that they had unquestionable Evidence to Qtte», pfove, that several, thousand Pounds were expended.

That they had looked upon Oates as perjured tiler Matters: That he had accused, the Queen Dowager of High Treason, in conspiring the Death of her Husband, at the Bar of the House of Commons; which nobody could believe of her;: .

That he had sworn at the Council Board, He had no other Person to accuse: and yet, after, h^d accused the Queen Dowager. l

That Oates at first might come in with a fair Intention, and for Discovery of the Truth; but that appearing in the Presence of so many great Persons, and finding so much Ear given to what he said, it was natural that it Should either damp and terrify him, or create too great a Confidence: That it had the latter Effect upon him; and made him fancy himself to have a Right of creating Evi-. dence, rather than delivering it: That it was not fit to encourage such Witnesses: That his Brain seemed to be turned: And that, when he was lately brought before the ’ House of Lords, he seemed to hang his Rod over them.

That Now the Parliament, acting as Legislators, were not tied down to Form: That they did not inflict any new Censure on him, but left him in the State they found him.

That this was a Matter of great Expectation: That the Eyes of all Europe were upon it: And that it would be the Occasion of great Censures, if lie Should be set up for a Witness again, without a full Examination of the -whole Affair; especially in the Case of a Conviction for Perjury; which had something in it more peculiar than other Crimes; for every one had a particular Concern to . be covered from it.

That they would not enter into the Question of What. was the Difference between an erroneous and an illegal, Judgment; though, perhaps, a Judgment that was erroneous in point of Form, might not be said to be illegal.

As to the Affirmance of the Judgments; and the Amendments relating to the Judgments;

The Judges had owned to the Lords, That there was. a Latitude left to the Court in Judgments, in case of Perjury; which was one thing that moved them to affirm the Judgments: But that they had never done it, had it not been attended with the Verdict; which the Lords thought of fatal Consequence to take away.

That, when the Case came to be debated in the House of Lords upon the Writs of Error, there was not one-Lord but thought the Judgments erroneous, and was, fully satisfied , That such an extravagant Judgment ought not to have been given, or a Punishment so exorbitant inflicted upon an English Subject: But, considering his accusing the Queen so impertinently, and several other Instances; rather than leave so ill a Man as Oates capable of being a Witness, they, in that Straight, chose to affirm the Judgments, though they were satisfied of their being, erroneous: And, to shew they were sensible of this, at, the same time when they affirmed the Judgments, they thought fit, that a Bill Should be brought in to the House, of Peers to prevent the Inconveniencies of the like Judgments for the future.

And therefore, when the Lords had gone so far in their Judicial Capacity, as to affirm the Judgments, rather than the Verdicts Should be set aside, the Commons were not: to expect that they would recede now-, and set up Oates. for a Witness again, without unquestionable Proof of Corruption in the Jury.

That the principal Matters, insisted on by the Lords, were,

1. To leave out what concerned the Corruption of the Verdicts.

2. That their Proviso against Oates's being received for a Witness do pass:

3. That so great an Hardship Should not be put upon the House of Peers, as that they Should, in express Terms, reverse their own Judgments, since there |ras no Necessity of it . ....

3 ft The

5°

2

A. 1689.

Reversing , The Managers for the Commons, by way of Reply, ,ga£)^W gave summary Account of the whole Proceeding} m relation to the Popish Plot; and of the several Suboma-' tiens, and Other foul Practices, which had been used to stifle the Evidence, and discredit the Witnesses, particularly Oates.

As to the Lords Amendments, which concerned the Judgments, It was said by the Managers,

That there were Precedents made, which affected every Englishmen.

That, by taking upon them to affirm such Judgments as These, the Lords had, in a manner, taken the Law into their Hands.

That this arbitrary Power, in the Lords Judicature, is a new Discovery; and if it had been understood in former Times, would have been a very expeditious Way of altering the Law, upon several Occasions.

The Lords, as a Court of Judicature, are as strictly tied to give Judgment upon a Writ of Error, according to Law, as any inferior Court whatsoever: They must not proceed upon Considerations of Convenience: But this Judgment of the Lords is agreed to be given, not according to Law, but according to an Opinion which their Lordships had conceived of the Party; and that also, without any Judicial Examination: Instead of correcting the acknowledged Errors of their Judgments in the King’s Bench, they affirm them; and so change the Law, which ought to be the certain and steady Rule of Government, into the arbitrary Resolutions of That House.

That nothing was aimed at by the Commons in this Bill, but to set that Matter right: If this Bill be lost, the Lords have settled it for Law, That every Subject may be used in this ignominious and barbarous manner. Oates is the least Part of the Question, how much soever he seems concerned in it: The Grievance is, That the

whole Kingdom, for Os....., must be made

liable to these Whippings.

The Commons hoped the Lords will take this Opportunity of redeeming this Error, by passing the Bill as it was sent up by the Commons; and not expect, because they have given a wrong Judgment, that therefore the Commons must join to support it by an Act of Parliament: For their Lordships Clause did really countenance the Judgment against Oates; enacting only, That such Punishment shall not be inflicted for the future.

That it was of great Importance to the Kingdom to have this Matter settled; Judgments of this Kind having been extended to several Persons, and to very different Cases; as in That of Mr. Johnson: It was thought (with Reason enough perhaps) by the Ministers of those Times, That such Punishments would awe the People, and fit them for Slavery, worse than Death itself; according to Sir Thomas Smith's Observation, " That no Nation is less fearful of Death, or more afraid of Torments, than the English."

That the Commons could not think the Nation safe without an express and plain Declaration, not only, That the Judgments of the King’s Bench were illegal, cruel, and of evil Example to future Ages, but also, that the Affirmation of those Judgments was contrary to Law.

To what was said by the Lords, to maintain the Amendments which concerned the Verdicts, the Managers for the Commons replied to this Effect;

That the Lords, by insisting not to agree to the Clause in the Bills which calls the Verdicts corrupt, unless the Commons could bring positive Proof of an express Contract for Money, to be paid directly to hire the Jurors to give the Verdicts, did seem to have inverted the several Methods of Proceedings in their distinct Capacities.

In their Judicature, where they ought to act by the strict Rules of Law, they proceed according.. a supposed Convenience: In their Legislative Capacity, where there is a Latitude of Proceeding according to a moral Certainty and Convenience, a single Expression, " of a corrupt Verdict," though inserted upon such just Grounds, will not be allowed; unless a precise Proof be made in the strictest Forms of Courts.

That it was not the Business of the Commons to furnish the Lords with Evidence, or to inform them otherwise than by reasoning at Conferences: The Lords have proper Methods whereby they may inform themselves, when they think Evidence requisite.

That it was notorious, That the whole Administration of the Government, especially with relation to Religion, was at That time corrupt.

The Design was to overthrow the Reformation, and restore Popery to be the National Religion: And this could not be effected otherwise, than by totally perverting and corrupting the Laws, and the whole Course of Justice.

A Popish King the y had; the House of Peers was to have been filled with Papists, by Dispensation with the Act of Thirtieth of King Charles the Second; and a Popish House of Commons was to be packed, by means of Quo Warrantos, 'Surrenders, and Making and Regulating of Corporations,

In the Courts of Judicature they did run upon every Man who durst assert the Rights of an English Subject; resolving by partial and corrupt Means, to bow, or break them.

For this Purpose they provided and packed Judges, Sheriffs, Jurors, and Witnesses: And those in Authority, who ought to hold the Balance indifferently, were indeed a Party; a corrupt Party.

This is proved by the Declaration of the Thirteenth of February; wherein the Lords and Commons did agree, " There were evil Counsellors, Judges, and Ministers, that assisted the late King to subvert and extirpate the Protestant Religion and the Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom: That the Laws were suspended and dispensed with; an Ecclesiastical Commission executed, and Bishops committed and prosecuted for an humble, honest Petition; Protestants disarmed, whilst Papists w ere armed and employed; partial and corrupt Persons returned, and served on Juries; excessive Bail required; excessive Fines imposed; and illegal and cruel Punishments inflicted."

When the Commons sent up this Declaration, the Lords acknowledged and agreed to the Truth of these Particulars upon the Notoriety of the Fact, without asking the Commons to prove any of the Articles.

If there were such foul and corrupt Proceedings, as the Lords have agreed there were, can it be thought, that, in this particular Case of Oates (who had so highly provoked them, and upon the Ruin of whose Credit the Reputation of the whole Party did depend) they departed from Themselves; and for once, proceeded indifferently equally, and uncorruptly

The Lords might as well, if not better, put the Commons to prove any or every the Proceedings in the late Reign to be corrupt or unequal; which would be to deny or doubt, in every Particular, what they had expressly owned in general.

That the Matter in Oates's Tryal was self-evident: They tried Points that had been examined in Parliament; and were proper to be re-examined only there; the Witnesses were provoked Enemies; and though his Evidence was not against all the Jesuits, it reflected upon the whole Order; and was directly against the College at Omers:

The Jurors were such, whose Affections and Prejudices were well known; jmd they were returned by Sheriffs not legally constituted: And the Judges were Chief Justice Jefferyes, and his Companions.

To render a Verdict corrupt, it is not absolutely necessary that the Jury Should bargain and sell it for Money: If there were a false Bias, if they were swayed by Prepossession, Prejudice, Hope of Preferment, or Gain, or Fear of Displeasure, it is enough: Or, suppose the Judges were corrupt; and directed false Law, or false Fact, or overawed the Jury; or admitted a Party to be a Witness, or Juror (as in Effect it was); That was enough to render the Verdict corrupt: But, which is worse Here, the Jury was returned at the Denomination of a Party: It was the Fashion of the Times, That every one who was accused was to be convicted at the Peril of the Judges and the Juij.

Ravtrsiag

JodgmeoU

gainst

Oates.

i W. & M.

If Oates's Brain was turned, as was said by the Lords, the more wrong was done, by convicting him of Perjury; which a Madman cannot be guilty of: And, after such cruel Usage (which would make a wiser Man mad) it may with more Reason be believed his Brain is turned; and then there is little Danger of his being used in Evidence for the future.

That it was observable, thajt Oates was sentenced to be whipped from Aldgate to Newgate on the Wednesday; and from thence to Tybumc on Friday following: Which

could be intended no otherwise, but in the Nature of a Rack; that, by the Smart of the First Sufferings, and the approaching Terror of the next, he might be brought to make such a Recantation as was desired: And it is hard to think, that any thing, but a full Persuasion in himself that what he swore was true, could support a Man under such Torture.

If Oates had been guilty of Perjury about the Queen Dowager, or any other Matter, which has not hitherto been brought in Question, it did not relate to the present Case: He is liable to be indicted, and punished for it, whatsoever becomes of this Bill.

That the Commons did not argue, That, because a Man had been once believed at aTryal, he was not to be prosecuted for Perjury after: But they observed, that the very same Objections had been made to s Testimony at former Tryals, and proved by the same Witnesses; and yet the Juries gave Credit to So that,

according to the Lords Way of reasoning, to suppose Oates to be perjured in those Points, was to attaint those former Juries; and the Lords ought to be as careful of charging such a Guilt upon one Jury, as another.

Upon the whole Matter, the Commons did not think it reasonable it Should be required of them to concur to support any Part of this erroneous Record.

It is the Right of the Subject, that all that is done before or after an illegal Judgment, Should fall with it; and though, in Proceedings in the Legislative Wav, the Commons are sensible they are not tied up to Forms,

Jet they are certainly bound to the Rules of natural ustice, and are not to deprive the Subject of his legal Advantage.

The Managers for the Commons concluded the Conference, by stating the Case in Short to the Lords:

A Writ of Error is brought in the House of Peers: The Lords do all ayow the Judgments to be erroneous; yet, as Judges, do, for collateral Reasons, assume an arbitrary Power to affirm it

The Nature of the Judgment being such, as that every Subject was concerned in toe highest Degree, that so dangerous a Precedent Should not stand, the Commons find themselves under a Necessity of sending a Bill to the Lords to set the Matter right by reversing the Judgment The Lords refuse to pass the Bill but upon Terms:

1st That Part of the Record must stand:

2. That there must be no Notice taken of the Judgments of Affirmation given by the Peers:

As these are the Terms now stood upon, so in any other like Case they might impose whatever other Terms and Conditions they had a mind to.

The Consequence must be, That the Lords, as Judges, ypake what they, think fit to be Law; and the Matter shall never be set right in the Legislative Way, but upon, such Conditions as the Lords shall be pleased to impose: And how far this concerned the King, and the Commons, as to their Right in the Legislature, was obvious,.

A Debate arising in the House, touching the said Amendments proposed by toe Lords to be made to the

Bill;

And the Question being put thereunto severally, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amend* xpents;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect the Journals, touching Precedents in Cases of Conferences and free Conferences, do make toeir Report Tomorrow Morning.

VouX.

Ordered, That the Committee who managed toe free Conference with the Lords, touching the Amendments to the Bill for reversing Two Judgments given in the Court of King's Bench against Titus Oates, Clerk, do inspect the Journals of both Houses, and examine. Whether there be any Precedents of free Conferences desired; and yet there hath not been thereat a Liberty of Debate of the Matters for which such free Conferences have been desired.

The Warrant for the Pardon to Titus Oates was read; Oates' and is as followeth; viz. Pardon.

William R.

OUR Will and Pleasure is. That you prepare a Bill for Our Royal Signature to pass Our Great Seal, containing Our gracious Pardon to Titus Oates, Clerk, to discharge him from all such Punishments as he is liable unto, by virtue of any Sentence' pronounced against him for Perjury, whereof he hath been formerly convicted; for which this shall be your Warrant

Given at Our Court at Whitehall, the Three-and-twentieth Day of July 1689, *n First Year of Our Reign.

Resolved, That toe said Managers do inspect the Journals of the House of Lords, and examine, Whether there be any Address therein for a Pardon to Mr. Oates.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning, &ta,a of d»e at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Nat, wn* the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation, in order to represent it to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 3* die Augusti;

1* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Christopher Smelt, in Custody Privilege — of the Serjeant at Arms, was presented to the Petition from House: But Sir Peter Rich (at whose Prosecution he was committed) being not in the House, the reading y’ thereof was respited.

A Petition of Charles Curtins, and others, his Bro- Claim* on the thers and Sisters, Sons and Daughters of Sir Cur- Revenue. tius. Baronet, deceased, was read; setting forth, That the said Sir Wm. Curtius spent the greatest Part of his Time and Fortune in the Service of the English Crown, during the Reign of the Kings Charles the First, and Second, as their Resident to the several Princes of the Empire; and his late Majesty Charles the Second became so sensible of his Services, that he ordered him to bring in his Accompts of what. due to him for his Salary, and of what he lent and expended in that Service: Which his said Majesty stated and allowed at Fourteen thousand Two hundred and Fifty-five Pounds; as appears by the Accompts signed by his said Majesty who was also pleased to grant him a Privy Seal for Two thousand Pounds, whereof only Five hundred Pounds was paid:

That the Petitioners said Father being dead in the Employment, and the said Debt remaining unpaid, Adolphus One of the Petitioners, applied himself, on his own, and Brothers and Sisters Behalfs, to the late King James, for' Satisfaction of the said Debt: Who, taking Cognizance thereof, referred the same to the Lords of the Treasury:

But, before any other Determination therein, the late Resolution happened, and nothing more was done therein:

And, that their Father having much impoverished his Family in such his Services; and the Honour of the Nation being concerned, that Justice be done to his Children: especially at this time, when the small Remainder of their Fortunes are ravished from them, by the barbarous Invasion of the Palatinate (the Petitioners native Countiy) by theiFrench', and imploring toe Compassion and Justice of.

Prohibiting Trade with France.

Ditto.

Land Tax Commissioners.

Securing

Government

against

Papists.

Attainder of certain Persons.

Supply Bill; Settling the Revenue.

3 Augustu

A. t69y.

this House to recommend1 them to his Majesty’s Royal Consideration, that some Satisfaction may he made to them;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of Sir Bazill Ftrcbrass was read setting forth, That he having Wines in his Factor’s Custody at Bourdtaux, bought before his Majesty forbid all Ships going out to France, or any Vote to this House to the contrary; the Petitioner, in February last, ordered his Factor to send the same to some Port in Spaine, or other Place, for the better Security of the Goods: Whereupon the Petitioner’s Factor sent Sixty-fourTons one Hogshead of Claret Wine to Bilboa in Spaine, the Beginning of last April; which still lie there for want of Shipping, by reason of his Majesty’s Embargo: And being informed, that a Bill is passing for prohibiting all French Commodities; and praying to have Leave for the bringing in a Clause to be added to the said Bill, that the Petitioner may send the said Wine to some of their Majesties Plantations in America;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Bill for prohibiting French Goods, is reported.

v r r , *

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put:

And it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the main Question being put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House, according to their Order of Yes- state of the terday, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Nation. House to consider of the State of the Nation, in order ' to represent it to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in considering the State of the Nation: And that the Committee had directed him to move the House, That they might sit again on Tuesday next.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the State of the Nation, in order to represent it to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

Sir Robert Clayton reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill for prohibiting French Goods, was referred, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and afterwards several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then Clause , for setting a Price upon French Wines, was read a Second time.

And an Amendment being proposed, of inserting these Words, " and from and after the Tenth Day of August 1690, the Sum of Six-pence the Quart, and no more;" the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Clause, so amended, be made Part of the Bill.

Then Clause # , for all Wine to be sold by sealed Pewter Measures, was read a Second time:

Resolved, That the said Clause be made Part of the BUI.

Ordered, That the said Bill, so amended, and with the said Clauses, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to appoint Commissioners who have personal Estates, for Execution of the Act for granting of an Aid to their Majesties of Twelve-pence in the Pound for One Year, for the necessary Defence of their Realms.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for securing the Government against Papists, and other disaffected Persons: And it is recommended to Mr. Paul Foley and Mr. Howies to take care thereof.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard acquaints the House, That the Names of those who gave Evidence at the Bar of the House, touching the Persons who are named in the Bill of Attainder, being in Ireland, were Bazil and

William Dalton; and those at the Committee, to whom the Bill was referred, were JVm. Watts and Matth. Gun.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Trenchard do go to the Lords, and desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, touching the Bill of Attainder.

A Question being proposed, That the House do, on Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for settling the Revenue;

Luna, 5° die Augusti;

i° Gulielmi et Mari*.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Dame Anne Chaplin, Widow Claims on and Executrix of Sir Francis Chaplin, late Alder- the Revenue, man of London; and of Charles, Robert, and Anne, his Children, was read; setting forth, That whereas the "Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds was made payable to Sir;

George Carteret, late Treasurer of the Navy, by virtue of a Letter of Privy Seal of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, dated the Sixteenth of February 1666; for the Services of his Majesty’s Navy; and by his Majesty’s Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual and Privy Signet, dated Two-and-twentieth February aforesaid.

Twenty several Orders for the said Thirty thousand Pounds were made and registred on the Act for Poll Money, in the said Sir Geo. Carteret's, Name; and afterwards assigned by him unto Sir Dennis Gauden, then Victualler of the Navy, for Provisions, and other Necessaries for the same: And that, whereas the said Poll Act did not produce Money to satisfy the same, his said Majesty, by his Letters of Privy Seal, dated Thirtieth October 1668, did order the said Order for Thirty thousand Pound Should be cancelled; and that the same Should be transferred, and paid to Sir Dennis Gauden out of the Revenue of Fire-hearths, together with Interest at Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum; which were registred and transferred accordingly: And that the said Sir Dennis Gauden became indebted to your Petitioners said Husband and Father in Three thousand Five hundred Pounds, for Butter and Cheese for the Use of the Navy; for Payment whereof he assigned Six several Orders (so transferred to him, as aforesaid), amounting to Three thousand Five hundred Pounds Principal Money: But that none of the said Money hath been paid, nor any Interest for the same, since September 1679; the Want thereof is a great Streight to the Petitioners, the Children; it being; by their Father’s Will, to be distributed among them:

Aid that,'by reason of the late Act for taking away the Duty of Hearth-money (being the Fund whereout the Petitioners were to have received their Money), they are wholly deprived of all Means of receiving their said Debt, unless relieved by this House: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that they will be pleased to direct the Payment of the Petitioners said Debt Out of some other Part of their Majesties Revenue, as they Should think most meet.

Ordered, That-the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the 24 whole

Bankrupts.

Ditto.

Leave of Absence.

I W. & M. 50 AuguSti. $53

w hole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue is ret erred.

A Petition of Rebecca, Daughter of JVw.Lord deceased, was read; setting forth, That his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patents, in Consideration of the Services, Losses and Sufferings of her Father and Family, was pleased to grant the Petitioner a Tension of Two hundred Pounds payable out

of the Exchequer; whereon lies her sole subsistence, and hath nothing else to pay those, of whom she hath borrowed Money upon Credit thereof: And praying a Confirmation of her said Grant by this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Pill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of Antony FJlisdonand others, was read; setting forth, That King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patents, dated Twenty-ninth of June, and the Eleventh of May, in the Tw enty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his Reign, in Consideration of the faithful Services of William FJlisdon, deceased, in contributing to his Majesty’s

Escape after the fatal Battle of was pleased to

grant to him, and Joan his Wife, a Pension of One hundred Pounds per Annum for their respective Lives; and another Pension of One hundred Pounds per Annum to Antony and Charles their Sons, for their Lives; and also a Pension of One hundred Pounds per Annum to Anne and Mary, their Daughters, for their Lives, payable out of the Customs oiLymem the Countyof: The last Payment of v. bicli said Annuities was made at last:

And praying a Continuance of their said several Annuities, pursuant to the Directions of the said Letters Patents.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

Mr. PapiIlian reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill touching Bankrupts, was referred, That they had thought tit to make several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, several of them a Second time, one by one; and agreed unto by the House.

An Amendment, Folio 6, 7, after the Word " Cheat, $c." was read a Second time.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That the same be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Creditors of Sir Robert deceas-

ed, in Behalf of the major Part of the said Creditors, w as read; setting forth, That this honourable House having read, and committed a Bill for Bankrupts, and their Creditors, obliging the lesser Number of Creditors to comply with the Terms wdiich shall be agreed to by the greater; That the Committee for the said Bill, by the false Instigation of a few of the most turbulent Creditors of Sir Robert Vyner, have been wrought upon to insert a Proviso, excluding the Petitioners from the Benefits of the said Intended Act, without hearing any on Behalf of the said Petitioners: Which Clause w ill not only wholly ruin the Estate of the said Sir Rob. Vyner, but break all the intended Measures for the Satisfaction of the said Petitioners; the said Clause being also directly contradictory to the Intentions of the said Act: And praying, that they may not be excluded from the Benefit of the said Act; the Petitioners, together with those who have complied with the Offers of the said Sir Rob. Vyner, being much the greater Number.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill touching Bankrupts, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayle have Leave to go into the Country, for Six W eeks.

Vol. X.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Dovers have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Three Weeks, Absence.

Then the Iloyise resolved itself into a Committee of Supply Bills the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration |etlllngthe of the Bill for settling the Revenue. evenue.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard acquaints the House, That he Bill of

having been, according to the Order on Saturday, up at Attainder, the Lords, to desire a Conference; they do agree to a present Conference in the Painted Cham bet.

Resolved, That the Committee who managed the last Conference, do manage this'Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reports from the Conference,

That the Committee appointed to manage the same, had delivered to the Lords the Names of those who gave Evidence of the Persons, who are named in the Bill of Attainder, being in Ireland.

Mr. Speaker again left the Chair. Supply Bill j

Mr. Hamden took the (’hair of the Committee. Settling the

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Revenue.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some further Progress in the Bill for settling the Revenue; and had considered of the Petition of the Planters, and others, concerned in their Majesties Sugar Plantations in America, presented to the House, the Third of April last; and also the Petition of divers Planters of Virginia and Maryland, presented to the House the Sixteenth of the same Apr; and also of several

Petitions presented to the House by the Servants of King Charles the Second: And that the Impositions upon the Plantations seem to be burdensome: And that, there being Six hundred thousand Pounds to be raised for the Satisfaction of the Dutch, the Committee have also agreed upon a Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds to be applied towards the said Servants Satisfaction: And that, thereupon the Committee have agreed upon a Clause to be added to the said Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid; and upon a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved to give Leave, that a Bill, or

Bills, be brought in for the Ease of the Plantations, and for inlarging the Time for the Duties imposed by an Act

of the First Year of King James the Second, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by an Imposition

on all Trench Linens, and on all I Linen, and on all

Trench w rought Silks and Stuffs, and on all other wrought

Silks, and on all Brandies imported after the First Day

of July 1G85, and before the First Day of July 1690.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for the Ease of the Plantations, and for inlarging the Time for the Duties imposed by an Act of the First Year of King James the Second, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by an Imposition on all French Linens, and on all India Linen, and on all French wrought Silks and Stuffs, and on all other wrought Silks, and on all Brandies imported after the First Day of July 1685, and before the First Day of July 1690.

Mr. Hamden also acquainted the House, That he had Direction from the Committee to move the House, That they may sit again on Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for settling the Revenue.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

3 S

X

New Windsor Election.

Hereford

Election.

Exeter

Election.

254 6° AuA. 1680,

Mart is, 6* die

1° Gulielmi ct Mariae.

Prayers.

COLONEL Birch, reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Election of a Burgess for the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks was referred, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee; anti delivered the same in Writing, as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Samuel , Esquire, against

the Return of Sir Algernoon May, a Burgess for the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks; That it appeared, The Petitioner claimed to be chosen l>y die Populace; and that the City Member was chosen by the select N umber.

That the Petitioner offered to explain the Commuuitas Burgi, mentioned in the Returns of Burgesses for the said Borough:

But the Petitioner offering no new Evidence, but what had been this Sessions in the Case of Mr. Speaker (in which Case the House had a "reed the Right of Election

o o

to be in the select Number); the Committee came to a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir AIgenioone May is duly elected a Burgess to

serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Ba kes.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

- Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Algernoone May is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of A rew Windsor in the County of Ba kes.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Election of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Hereford was referred, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he delivered in Writing; and is as followeth; viz.

That, upon the Petition of Hugo Gzcyn, Esquire, against the Return of Henry Cornwall, Esquire, a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Heres ord; and, hearing the Merits of the said Election; it appeared, That Mr. Cornwall, upon the Poll, had 372;

Mr. Gwyn but 143 Voices:

And, That Mr. Gwyn insisting, That he was assaulted; and that the Election was disturbed in a riotous Manner; the Committee proceeded to examine that Matter: And, it appearing to be a particular Quarrel between the said Mr. Gwyn and one Mr. Brice, in the Morning of the Day of the Election; and that the said Difference was quickly ended; the Poll went on orderly and peaceably; and that Proclamations were duly made at the Closing of the said Poll; That the Committee came to a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same, being again read, is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Henry Cornwall, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of The said Resolution being read a Second time: Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Hen. Cornwall, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Hereford.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter of the Election of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Exeter was referred, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he delivered in Writing; and is as followeth; viz.

That, upon the Petition of Hugh Speke, Esquire, against the Return of Christopher Bale, Esquire, a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of

It was insisted by the Petitioner, That the Election was disturbed by several Butchers, and others; and that it Was a void Election: And called

Mr. Benjamin Robins: Who said, He was at the Election, f)° June, from first to last: And that one Frew was knocked dow n: And if any Persons cried out against Mr. Bale, the Butchers cried, " Knock them down:" And that, though it was desired the Butchers might be polled, yet it was not done. That it was agreed, That no Freeholder, that lived in the Out County, Should vote; yet several were admitted to vote for Mr. And that

One time, as he thought, he heard a clear Voice for Mr. Speke.

That John Hamlye, John Crosse, and Bartholomew

Hooke, being examined, spake to the like Effect.

That, for the Sitting Member, the Counsel insisted. That the Petitioner had but 23 Voices; and that the Sitting Member had ,526: And that the Poll was earned on with all Fairness: And called

Mr. Whitehead: Who said, He was from the Beginning, to the End of the Election: And said, What Disturbance was, was occasioned by some Persons crouding in, and would not w ithdraw: And that it was a very peaceable Election; and that Way was made for uny . one that would come in Competition: That the Competition was between Mr. Bampfeildand Mr. Bale for Five or Six Hours, and then about Tw enty-five polled for Mr. Speke: And that none were refused to poll for Mr. Speke: And that Proclamations were made for Three Quarters of an Hour.

That George Crocker also testified, There was no Violence used: And that Proclamations w ere duly made, and none hindered from voting for Mr. Speke.

That thereupon the Committee came to a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Christopher Bale, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Exeter.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Christopher Bale, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Exeter.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Priv ileges and Elections, touching the Election of a Burgess for the Borough of Abhiugton in the County of Bakes, be made on Saturday Morning next.

Then the House resumed the ad journed Debate upon the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made, Press 3, Line 6, to leave out " or belonging to;" and Line 7, to leave out " imprisoned, or being a Prisoner upon Bail or Security :"

And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the same were agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended at the Table, accordingly.

And then, a further Debate arising upon the Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Foley reports from the Committee, to w hom it was referred to manage the free Conference, touching the Amendments proposed by the Lords to be made to the Bill for reversing Two Judgments given in the Court of King's Bench against Titus Oates, Clerk; had, according to the Order of the One-and-thirtieth of July last, inspected the Journals of both Houses, touching Proceeding; upon Conferences and free Conferences: And had agreed upon a Report: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth: viz.

i0 J0mn.1t

Abbingtoa

Election.

Debtor*

Relief.

Precedents of Conferences.

i W. & M. 6° August!

Journal of the House of Commons.

"Lima, 130 Maii, 130 Car.'

" A Bill for securing and preserving his Majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Practices and Attempts, was this Day read the First time." " Ordered, To be read a Second time Tomorrow."

14 May 1661.

It was read a Second time; and committed.

16 May 1661.

It was reported by Sir Phillip with several

Amendments; and ordered to be ingrossed.

20 May 1661.

The ingrossed Bill read; and a Committee appointed to prepare a Proviso to be added to it.

21 May 1661. The Bill passed, with the Proviso; together with some

other Provisoes brought in, ingrossed; — And was that Day sent up to the Lords.

Journal of the House of Lords.

22 May 1661.

The Bill was read the First time, in the Lords House.

24 A/ffy 1661.

Bead the Second time There; and committed.

27 A/iry 1661.

The Bill was reported in the Lords House; and passed, with several Amendments, and a Proviso for the Peers.

Itwas sent back to the Commons; — as appears by both Journals.

Commons joumah Precedents of

CQirferencesi

Junethe 3th 1661.

" A 'Message from the Lords; to desire a present free Conference, in the Painted Chamber, toucHing the Matter of the last Conference.

June the Sixth;

Mr. Solicitor had made report of what had passed at the free Conference, and their Lordships adherence to the said Amendment and Proviso; and the Reasons thereof:

" Whereupon the House assumed the Debate of the said Amendment and Proviso: And, as an Expedient, this Alteration was propounded; That in the said Proviso, after the Words " against this Act," instead of the Words "of any thing therein contained, but by his Peers, and not otherwise," there be inserted these W’ords following; and after such Conviction, shall not be privileged, during his Life, to sit in Parliament, fyc." — p in the Act.

"After much Debate, it was resolved, upon the Question,

That this House doth agree to the Sixth Amendment, sent down by the Lords, with the Qualification expressed in the said Proviso, so altered and amended; and not otherwise.’’

" Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Proviso, sent down by the Lords, so amended, altered, and now- read; and not otherwise.

Ordered, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference."

Lords Journal.

" June the Eighth, 1661."

" A Message was brought from the House of Commons by Sir Thomas Meeres, Knight, to desire a present free Conference in the Painted Chamber, upon the Matter of the late free Conference.’*

The same Day; the Commons read the Amendments; and agreed to all but the Sixth: Which was " in the Second Skin, Line 3, after the Word ‘ State,’and before the next Word ‘ and, ’ put in these Words ‘other than That of his Peerage:’ Which being Twice read

" And the Question put, That this House do agree to the said Amendment;"

" It passed in the Negative."

" The Proviso was in these Words; ‘ Provided always, and be it Ordained and Enacted, That no Peer of this Realm shall be tried for any Offence against this Act, or any thing therein contained, but by his Peers, and not otherwise:’ Which being twice read;

" And the Question put, Whether it Should be added to the Bill;"

" It passed in the Negative."

Ordered, That a Conference be desired; — and a Committee appointed to manage it."

31 May 1661.

" Mr. Lmt'thcrsent to desire a Conference."

" He reported, the Lords had agreed to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber."

Lords Journal.

" Answer returned; — The Lords will take Consideration; and send an Answer by Messengers of their own."

Commons Journal.

June the Eighth, 1661<

" A Message from the Lords; to desire a present Conference with the I louse of Commons in the Painted Chamber, upon the Message sent up by the House of Commons this Morning: And, at the same time, their Lordships will be ready to enter into a free Conference with them, upon the Matter of the last free Conference."

Lords Journal.

June the Tenth, 1661."

" Report being made from the Conference, andfree Conference as to the Message; — The Commons agreed it was a Mistake in their Messenger, to name Time and Place." " After the free Conference reported,"

" The Question being put, Whether to contur with the House of Commons in these Amendments;

" It was resolved in the Affirmative."

Commons Journal.

June the Tenth.

31 May 1661.

After the Conference.

Ordered, That the Report of this Conference shall be made the next Day that this House sits again ;" — and t then adjourned to the Fifth Day of June.

June the 5 th, 1661.

The Conference reported, with the Reasons of the Commons for their Disagreement: — Which are entered at large in the Lords Book.

Lords Journal.

The Lords ordered " to adhere to the Alterations and Words, as they were put in by this House, concerning the Excepting of Peerage; and also, to adhere to the Adding of the said Proviso, as it was sent down:" And it w as further ordered, " to have a free Conference with the House of Commons: and There every Lord as will, have Liberty to give his Reasons, that were used in this House upon the Debate."

Vol. X.

" A Message from the Lords, That they have fully concurred to those Amendments you have made in the Act for the King’s Safety."

" Mr. Foley also acquainted the House, That the said Pardon of

Committee had also, pursuant to their Order, inspected Titus Oate«. the Journal of the House of Lords, touching the Address for a Pardon for Titus Oates; and had taken a Copy thereof, and of the Entry of his Majesty's Answer thereunto': Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followeth; viz.

" Die Juris,6° die Junii, 1689."

" It being moved; That an Address might be presented to their Majesties from this House, That they w ould be pleased to pardon Titus Oates, and discharge him from the remaining Punishments lie is liable to undergo, from the Two Judgments of Perjury against him in the Court of King's Bench; the Lord President, Earl of

Conference desired with Lords.

Orphans of London.

State of the Nation.

Claims on the Revenue.

6a — 7° Augusti. A. 1689.

Earl of Macclesfield, Earl of Nottingham, Lord Bishop of

St. Asaph, Lord Bishop of Sarum, Lord and

Lord Godolphin, were appointed forthwith to draw an Act-

dress to this Effect; and report it to the House."

" The Lord President reported the Form of an Address: Which was as followeth

"To the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties;

WE, the Lord’s Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled do make it our humble Request to Your Majesties, That, whereas Titus Oates, C\et\i, hath already received a severe Punishment for the Perjury whereof he hath been formerly convicted; and that some of the said Punishments will be still continued upon him, unless they shall be remitted by Your Majesties gracious Pardon; Your Majesties will be graciously pleased to grant Your Pardon to the said Titus Oates, to discharge him from the remaining Part of those Punishments, which he will otherwise be liable to undergo."

" The Address was read; and agreed to."

" Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Lord President, the Lord Chamberlain, and the Earl of Nottingham, do attend their Majesties with the Address of this House concerning Titus Oates."

" Die Veneris, 70 Junii 1689."

" The Lord President reported, That the T.ords have attended the King with the Address of this House concerning Titus Oates; and his Majesty hath given Order for issuing out a Pardon, as is desired."

Resolved, That a Conference with the Lords be desired, for the settling the Methods of Proceedings upon Conferences and free Conferences between the Two Houses.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee who managed the free Conference with the Lords, touching the Amendments to the Bill for reversing Two Judg-

o o

ments given in the Court of King’s Bench against Titus Oates, Clerk, to prepare Reasons to be offered at the said Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Win. Pou Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr . Grey, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Palmes,

be added to the Committee.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London.

Then the Order for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the State of the Nation, in order to represent it to his Majesty, was read.

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had directed him to move the House, That the Officers of the Custom-house may*be directed to bring in an Account of the Balance of the Trade between England and France, for Four Years, ending at Michaelmas last.

Ordered, That the Officers of the Customs do, upon Thursday Morning next, bring to this House an Account of the Balance of the Trade between England and France, for Four Years, ending at Michaelmas last.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 7* die;

1* Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

St. Bartholomew, Christ, Bridicell, and St. Thomas, was

read; setting forth, That his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patents, dated the Eighth of August, in the Thirtieth Year of his Reign did grant to Sir Edmund Turner, his Heirs and Assigns, an Annuity of Two hundred Seventy-five Pounds Eleven Shillings; to be received out of the Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors therein mentioned: And that the said Sir Edmund Turner, of his religious and charitable Disposition, did assign Fifty Pounds per Annum to every of the said Hospitals, Part of the said Annuity of Two hundred Seventy-five Pounds Eleven Shillings: And that Sir

Peter Vandcput, and some other worthy Benefactors, have

assigned other Debts, charged by his said late Majesty upon the same Revenue, to the President and Governors (if Christ's Hospital, for the Benefit of almost One thousand poor Orphans harboured and bred there, to the Value of Two thousand Six hundred Six Pounds Five Shillings:

Which in the whole, with the growing Interest, due at Lady-day last to the said Christ Hospital only, wiH amount to Three thousand Five hundred Forty-four Pounds Ten Shillings: and praying, that there may be such Provision made for the Payment of the said Fifty Pounds per Annum, to each of the said Hospitals, and of the Sums and Arrears due to Christ Hospital in particular, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

A Petition of the Assignees of Sir Robert and

other Goldsmiths, upon the hereditary Part of the Revenue of Excise was read; setting forth, That the late King Charles the Second, by several Letters Patents, for valuable Considerations, did grant unto Sir Robert Vyner, Sir Jeremiah Snowe, Edward Backwell, Esquire, Gilbert Whitehall, and several other Goldsmiths, several yearly Sums therein mentioned, in Trust for such of the Petitioners their Creditors, as Should deliver up their Securities, and accept Assignments of proportionable Parts of the respective yearly Sums, so granted, in Satisfaction of their respective Debts: And that the Petitioners, soon after the Making of the said Letters Patents, did accordingly accept of Assignments of Parts of the said yearly Sums so granted, in Satisfaction of their respective Debts; and delivered up their Securities, to and discharged the said Goldsmiths of, the said Debts; relying upon the said Assignments, as good and valid for their Satisfaction: That the said yearly Sums and Interest have been, for divers Years, paid: And, forasmuch as the said yearly Sums is the only Subsistence of divers Families; and being informed, the House have taken into Consideration the settling the Revenue of the Kingdom; and praying it may be without Prejudice to the Properties of the Petitioners, granted to them upon so valuable Consideration; which they, by their Counsel, can fully make appear to be legal, if admitted so to do.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Prohibiting French Goods, was read the Third time. Trade wun

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ^railce* be, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Clayton do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Complaint being made to the House, That one Privilege. Presgrave, a Servant of the Lord a Member

of this House, had been arrested by one Thomas Bush, and others, in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the Blouse.

A PETIT I ON of the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of London, Governors of the Hospitals of

Mr. Burrard, a Member of this House, informed the Ditto*. House, That one Thomas Bond had arrested a Serv ant of

Ids,

i W. fif M. 70 — 8° Augustt. 257

his, and detained him in Custody, after he had been demanded, by the said Mr. in Breach of the Pri-

tileges of this House.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Bond be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Afros attending this House, for such his Breach of Privilege.

Supply Bill; Then the House resolved into a Committee of the

Muling the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of evenne. |he Bill for settling the Revenue.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move the House, That they may sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for settling the Revenue.

Camittees* Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 8* die Augusti l° Gulielmi et Maria).

PfiATERS.

Claims on the A PETITION of Sir Wm. was read; set-

Revenne. XX ting forth, That the Petitioner, in the latter Part of the Year 1659, when the Parliament had voted to bring in King Charles the Second, the Navy Board had ordered to fit out Twenty-five of the best Ships of War for that Purpose: Which Ships being much out of Repair, in their Mulls, Masts, Sails, Cordage, §c. the Petitioner, amongst divers other Merchants, was invited to supply such Hemp, Masts, Pitch, Tar, Timber Plank, as was wanting for that Service; and Whi and the Parliament House were ordered to be got ready for the King’s Reception: Whereupon the Petitioner did supply near Ten thousand Pounds-worth of Masts, Timber, and other Provision, to the said Fleet and Houses^ equipt and fitted to fetch over and receive his said Majesty: For which, by a Clause in the Act of Parliament for disbanding the then Army, he was to be paid; but to this Day never received any Satisfaction; but was always told, at the Treasury Office, that foe Money on the Act fell Short of the Parliament’s Expectation, and therefore could not be paid, till the Parliament made new Provision for it': And that when the Acts of Parliament were made, in foe Time of the late Dutch Wars, to encourage all Men to advance a Credit in the Exchequer, to enable his Majesty the better to carry on those Wars; foe Petitioner did, with foe First, actually give a Credit, out of his private Estate, to foe Value of above Forty thousand Pounds; whereby, when the Exchequer was stopped, he had divers Thousands of Pounds stopped therein: And foe Petitioner having been always ready to give, and actually hath given, greater Credits to the Navy in its greatest Exigencies, than any other Merchant hath done; whereby, soon after foe Stop of foe Exchequer, there also followed a Postponing of Debts in the Navy, and other public Offices, where many thousand Pounds of the Petitioner's Money was likewise postponed, and unpaid him to this Day, and hath never since received one Peny Interest on any the said Sums: And the House being now settling fit Methods for Relief of those that have just Debts due to them from the Crown; and imploring foe House to take into Consideration his suffering Case, or to refer it to some Committee, to state it more perfectly; and therein to act, and give Relief to him and his Family, as to them Should seem meet VOL.X.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whoop the Bill for settling foe Revenue, is committed.

A Petition of Sir James Johnson was read; setting forth, That foe Petitioner, in 1666, did, by Order ana Direction of the principal Officers and Commissioners of King Charles the Second’s Navy, disburse in ready Mo- ney, for Equipping of divers of his Majesty’s Frigates* the Sum of Five hundred Twenty-seven Pounds Three Shillings and One Peny; and in foe same Year, and by the same Order and Direction, did buy and deliver into his Majesty's Stores at Harwich, a Parcel of Pitch and Tar, to the Value of Six hundred Seventy-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence; together, the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Five-pence; whereof foe Petitioner received, in December 1670, Four hundred Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Two-pence: And, his said Majesty being pleased to order in Council, ha ' February 1665, That they who supplied Stores for the Navy, Should have Interest of Six per Cent, for so long as they Should be unpaid, That there is now due to the Petitioner, for Principal and Interest,

One thousand Nine hundred Eighty-five Pounds One Shilling and Three-pence: And praying that foe House will appoint him such Satisfaction for foe Premises, as to them Should seem meet

Ordered, That foe Consideration of foe said Petition be referred to the Committee of foe whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill sent down from the Lords, intituled, Tanned An Act for explaining Part of an Act made in foe First Leather,-Year of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, was read foe Second time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be committed to Colonel Birch,

Mr. Samford, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Foot Mr,

Christy, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Pampillion, Mr.

Mr. Montague, Sir Philip Gell, Sir Hussey, Sir

Nevill Catlyn, Major Vincent, Mr, Fenwick, Sir Patience

JVard, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Grvy Mr.

Mr. Ellzvell, Sir Wm. Cooper, Major Manley, Sir John

Austin, Sir Tho. Darcye, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Conigsby,

Colonel Sackville, Sir Wm.Ashurst, Mr. Hawtry, Mr.

Blake, Sir Phill. Skipon, Sir Math. Andreu es, Mr.

ley, Sir John Guise, Mr. Fitton Gerrard, Mr. Norreis, -

Sir Rob. Nappier, Sir Tho. Ehjke, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr.

Papillion, Mr. Wildmanjunior, Colonel Phill. Howard,

Mr. Chaddock, Sir Wm. Poultney, Mr. Bernard, Mr.

Greenvile, Mr. Ellwell, Mr. Francis Gwyn, Sir Walter Moyle, Colonel Mildmay, and all the Members that serve for foe Cities of London and Westminster, and for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Sussex; And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four of foe Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Christy reports from foe Committee to whom the Woollen Ma- Bill for foe encouraging foe Woolen Manufactures, was nufacturea. referred, That they had thought fit to make several Amendments to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with foe Coherence; and afterwards, delivered foe same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where foe same were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

An additional Bill for appointing' Commissioners for t Tax executing foe Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Commuuoa* Aid of Twelve-pence in foe Pound, for foe necessary i*.

Defence of their Realms, was read foe First time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be read a Second time presently.

The Bill was read foe Second time.

And it was proposed, that the Blank in foe Bill lit Folio 2, Line 12, be filled up with " One thousand Pounds:" And the same was, upon the Question put

Z T thereupon,

a$8

S* — -9°

A\ 1689;

Settling the Revenae.

thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Blank tilled up accordingly at the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for settling the Revenue; and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 9* die

1* Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

Land Tax

Commissioner*.

WoollenMa- 1 A PETITION of the Governor, Assistants, and nutactures. Fellowship of Merchants of Eastland was read; set-

ting forth, That the Petitioners understanding that there is a Clause added to the Wool Bill, giving Liberty to all Persons whatever to export all Sorts of English Woolen Manufactures to any Parts beyond the Seas, paying the -Usual Customs for the same: That, forasmuch as the said Clause doth very much affect the Trade of this Kingdom in general, and the Trade of the Petitioners in particular; and praying, that this House will condescend to hear them to the Matters thereof, in such Manner as to them Should seem meet.

And the Question being put, That a Day be appointed, to hear the Petitioners at the Bar of the House thereupon; It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners for executing the Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of Twelve-pence in the Pound, for the necessary Defence of their Realms, was read the Third time.

1Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an additional Act for appointing Commissioners for the executing an Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for a Grantto their Majesties of an Aid of Twelve-pence in the Pound, for the necessary Defence of their Realms.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That Mr. have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks:

And the Question being put, That he have Leave accordingly; '

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do go up to the Lords, and put them in mind of the Bill for attainting several Persons in Rebellion against their Majesties; and also of the Bill for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom; and desire them to give them a Dispatch.

Resolved, That the adjourned Debate, upon the Clause in the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool, be now resumed.

Then the Clause was read:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause do stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be made Part of the Bill; That all Persons paying a certain Duty, may be let into Companies to trade in Woolen Manufactures: . . was read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time: '

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, to be made Part of the Bill; That nothing contained in this Act Should be construed to avoid the Charters and Grants

Leave of Absence,

Lord* reminded of Bill*.

Preventing Kxport of Wool.

made to the Levant Company, nor the Privileges thereof:

Which Proviso was twice read.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be read the Third time.

The Proviso was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be made Part of the BilL

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures'of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Goodrich do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Irish Clergy; Sir Lacon Ivilliam Child;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed the Bill for Rej lief of the Irish Clergy; without any Alteration.

Also, they put you in mind of the Bill for Regulation House re-, of Tryal of Peers; and desire it may be dispatched. ' mmded of

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bill.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of settling th* the Bill for settling the Revenue. Revenue.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the said Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of the Order of the House, of the Twenty-sixth Day of March last, for considering of settling a Revenue for the Princess Anne of Denmark, was, by an Order of the Seventeenth Day of July last, referred; That the Committee had come to a Resolution thereupon: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be an additional Provision for a Revenue for the Princess Anne of Denmarke for her Life only, of Forty thousand Pounds per Annum.

And the Question being proposed, That the House do agree with the Committee;

A Debate arose thereupon.

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned, until the Settling of the Revenue comes under the further Consideration Of the House.

Mr. Hanulen also acquaints the House, That he was directed, by the said Committee of the whole House, to move, That a Bill may be brought in, for settling a particular Fund, for Satisfaction of the Six hundred thousand Pounds to the Dutch, for defraying the Charges of the Expedition for England; and also of the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds for the Servants of King Charles the Second, according to a Clause agreed upon by the said Committee, to be Part of the Bill for settling the Revenue.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in, for settling a particular Fund for Satisfaction of the Six hundred thousand Pounds to the Dutch for defraying the Charges of the Ex-' pedition for England; and also of the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds for Servants of King Charles the Second.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Serjeant IVogan, and Sir John Trevor, to prepare the said BUL

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Supply Bill; Rob. Davers, Mr. Kendall, Sir Peter Corriton, Sir Plantation Temple, to prepare a Bill, or Bills, for Ease of the Plan- Duties* tations, and enlarging the Time for the Duties imposed by the Act of the First Year of King James the Second, according to the Resolution of the House, the Fifth instant.

Resolved, That the House do now adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock. J0urn"

menu

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

IW. & M.

tO° — 12*

Augusti.

*59

Privilege — a person petit tons for discharge.

Sabbat i, 10* die Augusti; l'.Gulielmi ct Mariae.

Prayers.

Tanned A/TChristy acquaints the House, That he was di-Leatiier. JLVJ. rected by the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act made in the First Year of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, was

referred, to move the House, That it may be an Instruction to the said Committee, to bring in a Clause, to repeal a Clause in a Statute of Jac. 1"*.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, to bring in a Clause accordingly; if they see Occasion so to do.

A Petition of Christopher Smelt, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was read; setting forth, That, on the Twenty-ninth Day of July last, he was committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, by Order of this House, for a Breach of Privilege, by uttering scandalous Words against Sir Peter Rich,a Member of the same; to the great Detriment of the Petitioner, a Tradesman, and forced to: shut up his Shop, having none to look after his Business but himself: And being sorry for the Offence; and praying the House to remit the same, and that he may be set

at Liberty;

And Mr. Speaker acquainting the House, That he had , received a Letter from Sir Peter Rich; That the said had made his Submission to him; and was willing he Should be discharged;

Ordered, That the said Christopher Smelt be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

And he was called in to the Bar; and had the Reprimand of the House from Mr. Speaker.

Privilege. The House was informed, That one John Jasper Herring, Tho. Rootcs, Richard and John Smith, had entered upon the Estate of Mr. Serjeant a Mem-

ber of this House at the Isle of Thornes in the County of , in Breach of the Privileges of this House:

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Sopply Bill;

Dutch

l^xpedition.

Address respecting liiih Sut*» ierert.

A Bill for appropriating Monies, for paying to the States General of the United Provinces their Charges for his Majesty's Expedition into this Kingdom, and for other Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time presently.

The Bill was- read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House do presently resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had thought fit to make some Amendments to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s uiost honourable Privy Council, to remind his Majesty of the Address of this House for the Bestowing of Fifteen thousand Pounds for the Relief of the Nobility and Gentry.

.Vo u X.

A Message froth the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Lacon William Child;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed the Bill for appointing Commissioners for executing the Act for a Grant of an Aid to their Majesties, of Twelve-pence in the Pound, for the necessary Defence of their Realms; without any Alteration.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill for attainting certain Persons in Rebellion against their Majesties; and to desire them to dispatch it.

Ordered, That Mr. Roberts do carry that Message.

Sir Henry Capell acquaints the House, That he, with others of his Majesty’s Privy Council, had, according to their Order, attended his Majestywith the Address, That his Majesty would be pleased to make no new Grant of the Light Houses, till the next Meeting of the Parliament: -And that his Majesty was pleased to say, He thought "it a very reasonable Thing; and would take care in it accordingly.

A Petition of Thomas Bond, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was read; setting forth, That he was by Warrant of the Seventh of August Instant, taken into Custody by the Serjeant at Arms, for his detaining a Servant of John Burrard, Esquire, a Member of this House; to the Petitioner’s great Prejudice, having a great Charge: And being heartily sorry for the Offence; and praying the House to remit the Offence, that he may be set at Liberty;

Ordered, That the said Thomas Bo be discharged out

of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Books of the Custom House, which were formerly delivered into this House by Mr be delivered back to him.

A Bill for securing the Government against Papists and other disaffected Persons, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Lacon IVm. Child;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do put you in mind of the Biff for regulating the Tryal of Peers.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee appointed to examine into the Miscarriages relating to Ireland and Londonderry, be made upon Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 12° die Augusti; l* Gulielmi Mariae.

Pr

AYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill for appropriating Monies for paying the States General of the United Provinces their Charges for his Majesty’s Expedition into this Kingdom, and for other Uses, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, Press 2, Line 23, by inserting " Sum of;" and Press 2, Line 15, by inserting " from and after the Nine*and-twentieth Day of September 1689:"

Both which were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

A Petition of several Noblemen, Peers of the Realm, who were domestick Servants of the late King Charles the Second, in Behalf of themselves, and others his Majesty’s Servants, their Widows and Orphans, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are respectively intitled to several Sums, due for Wages, as domestic Servants to his said

Land Tax Commis* s loners*

Attainting several Ter* sons.

Answer to Address.

Privilege.-®-a person petitions for discharge.

Papers to be returned*

Securing

Government

against

Papists.

Regulating

Tryals.

Irish Affairs.

Supply Bill;

Dutch

Expedition*

a6o

t2° Augusti.

A. 1689.

Said Majesty; for Payment whereof, Provision was made wrote to Colonel Lunette, to come aboard his Ship: Who by Act of Parliament, 1 ° Jac.IP1, for granting an Impo- catne accordingly, and brought divers Gentlemen along

eition upon all Tobacco and Sugar imported, between the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1685 and Twenty-fourth Day t>f June 1693: And being informed, That a Bill is passing

tins House, whereby Sixty thousand Pounds only of the said Revenue is applied for Payment of the said Wages; whereas a much greater Sum is due: And the Residue of the said Revenue being intended to be applied to other Uses: - And praying to be heard at the Bar of this House, by their Counsel, before the said Bill passeth; to shew Cause, Why the said Revenue Should be applied to the Payment of the Petitioners Salaries, due from King

with him: That Colonel Lundie there took the Oaths to be true to King William, before his Commission was delivered to him: But the Mayor of Londonderry was not present, being gone into the Irish Army: And the Deputy Mayor was suspected for a Papist at that time.

That Colonel Stewart, Captain Mervyn, and Captain Corru, were all present when Colonel Lundie took the Oaths.

As to this particular Matter, Sir Arthur Hoyden informed the Committee, upon his Examination, That himself and Captain Beverly, who commanded the,

Cfcarfej, before the said Revenue be applied to otherUses. — Frigate, and divers others, were put out of the Cabin at

Resolved, Nemine conlradicenlc, That the Bill do pass: *u~* r' ' — 1 r'" j;----- J

And that the Title be, An Act for appropriating certain Duties for paying the States General of the United Provinces their Charges for his Majesty’s Expedition into this Kingdom, and for other Uses.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamden do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Privilege- Thomas Bond, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was ehargedVrom brought to the Bar, and had the Reprimand of the House custody. C~ ° ' ' J '

that time, under Pretence that Colonel Lundie, and Mr. James Hamilton had private Business.

That Mr. Hamilton told them afterwards, That he had sworn Colonel Lundie; but the Mayor and Aldermen were not present.

That the next Day he, and most of the Officers and Gentry, did take the Oaths: And that they desired, for their Satisfaction, That Colonel Lundie might be sworn again: But it was refused.

Mr. James Hamilton said, That Colonel Lundie did

Irish Affairs; Defence of Londonderry.

from Mr. Speaker: And thereupon was discharged out assist at the swearing all the Garison; and likewise at the of Custody. Proclaiming of King William, which was done March the

Two-and-twentieth.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee ap- That Mr. Hamilton delivered all the Arms and Ammd-pointed to inquire into the Miscarriages relating to Ireland nition which he had in Charge; and, whereas he had Or-and Londondeiry, That the Committee had examined seve- ders to receive One thousand Pounds from Mr.

ral Witnesses; but came to no Resolutions thereupon: at Chester, he could get but Five hundred Ninety-five

But had directed him to report the Matter specially to the Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight-pence, which he paid House, How they found the same; vis. to Colonel Lundie, pursuant to his Instructions; and pro-

That the Lord Kingston, for many Months, had main- duced his Receipt for it. tamed the Town of Sligoe, and the Country thereabouts, And, upon the whole, the Committee seemed satisfied, for the Protestant Interest, till, April Thirteenth, Colonel That Mr. Hamilton had given a good Account of himself. Lundee, the Governor of Londonderry, writ to him, to ad- The Committee find, That, Thirteenth April, the Enemy

vance from-thence with what Force he could, to join the first appeared before marching within Sight

rest of the Protestants, and oppose the late King James’s of the Town, with the Vaunt Guard of their Horse: Army from passing the Fin Water. Whereupon a Council of War was called that Afternoon,

Ixitd Kingston, Major Vaughan, CornetNicholson, Hen. and a Resolution taken to march, the Monday following,

Nicholson. — That thereupon the Lord Kingston came with out, and fight the Enemy; the People being very willing One thousand Horse and Foot as far as Ballyshannon, and desirous so to do.

w here he staid for further Orders, but could get none, till the Enemy got between that Place and Londonderry, whereby all Communication was intercepted.

That by this means the Lord Kingston's Forces were dispersed, and the best Regiment of Horse the Protestants had, broken; besides the Town of Sligoe, and all That Country, possessed by the Enemy.

Lieutenant Colonel Swan informed the Committee, That he and Mr. Walker, and others, persuaded Captain

Daniel Sherrard informed the Committee, That, at this time, when the Enemy appeared near the Town, the Gunner had no Ammunition to fire at them, as the Gun- ner himself then told him.

There wereThree Passes, called Claddyford, Sifford and LongLawsey, where all, from Sixteen to Sixty were ordered to meet an Monday, April the Fifteenth, to stop the Enemy from advancing further towards Londonderry.

That Colonel Lundie marched out with great Part of

Williams to keep the Fort at Dungannon, where they the Garison; and likewise great Numbers of other Pro-raised a Foot Company, and Two TVoops of Horse. testants did meet thereabouts.

-That Mr. Walker went from thence to Londonderry to Lord — That, upon the Enemy’s coming near

consult Colonel Lundie; who promised to send Forces and the Passes, the Protestants all run in great Confusion; no Guns thither, to make the Town the Frontier Garison Order was either given or observed, against the Enemy, who held Charlemont within Five That Colonel Lundie was looked upon to be the Corn-Miles. mander in Chief; but there was no "Sort of Care taken,

That, upon this Encouragement from Colonel Lundee, few of the Men having Powder; nor was there Three the Country People fortified Dungannon, and brought in Guns fired, before they were all routed.

?*eat Store of Provisions; particularly Two thousand Mr. Bennet. — That Colonel Lundie himself was one of

ounds worth of Oatmeal and other Grain. the first that fled; bidding the Men shift for themselves.

That, the Sixteenth March, Colonel Lundie wrote a Letter to Colonel Steward, the Governor of Dungannon, in which he gave him Orders to quit the Town; and that Mr. Walker, and others, saw this Letter.

and saying, All was lost

Colonel Chichester met Colonel Lundee running from the Pass; and told him, He must tarry, and give some Orders, or all would be lost: To which Colonel Lundee

That the Town was deserted, pursuant-to these Orders, replied, That Londonderry was his Post; and so made the and all the Provisions left in it; which the Enemy from best of his Way thither.

Charlemont possessed themselves of; being at that very That Colonel Lundie, when he came to Londonderry, time ready to starve, and could not have held their own let in only some few, as he pleased, and shut the Gates Garisons much longer for want of Provisions, if this had against the rest, who were Four or Five thousand; that not been. lay without the Walls all that Night, exposed to the

Mr . James Hamilton. — The Committee find, That Mr. Enemy.

James Hamilton, w ho w as employed with Arms, Money, Mr. David Carnes. — Believes the Enemy had Notice,

and Ammunition, from England to Londonderry, arrived someway or other, of the Resolution taken onSaturday, April there the One-and-twentieth of March; and immediately Thirteenth; at the Council of War; because they marched

18 immediately

t j° jfagusti.

ad i

wimodwtely to the very Place where fete PftKfesftttftft toert pleased; whfcib, he thihfts, might be GdlWtdl CnMttgkMm^kK AHai'r* to meet: Upon the whkh, he went to GotoWel Lmdie, burl is not positive: Defence of

and acquainted him with it; and pressed him to march That all present subscribed a Paper of* tHeh- Codsertt w Londonderrj presently, that the Ehemy might net first get thither i quit the Town; which Paper began in these Words;

But he slighted his Advice \ and said, Hfe had taken " Finding, upon Inquiry; that there was riot above a sufficient Care: But yfet never marthed 611 Monday " Week or Ten Days Provision) <§r." Whored, ih Morning, Ten of the Clock, Troth, no lnqbky Was made a* the Connell of War; but

Major Joseph Stroud said, That he advised, that some ah present took the Governor’s Word for it; wl*o did*

Harrows might be thrown into Cloddy Ford; twit he took inform them, that hfe had searched the Stores, no care about it: That when he drew up what Men That they did all agree afterwards, upon their Honour, he could, to make Opposition against the Enemy, diey not to discover what Resolution they had taken. Colonel cried out, They wanted Powder; and most of them Richards says. The Governor did propose tin Oath of wanted Arms. Secrecy; Which, hd first refusing, was rejected.

Mr. Rennet; That there was rio Breast Work, or other The Lord Blatoey said, THere was a Propositidif made Defence whatsoever, at wry of these- Passes, to save the to destroy ah the Ammunition left in the Tbwif: WHlfch Men, or hindering the Enemy from eoming over. the Governor approved saying, it was better sO to do,

It appeared to the Committee, That the same Day the than to let k fall into the Enemy’s Hdntf: But nothing Fight was at Claddy Fbrd, Colonel Ctenthghani, and Was resolved as to this Matter.

Colonel Richards, arrived m Londonderry River, with the Cornet Nicholson said, That there was at this tiffie;

Two Regiments under their Command; viz. ApriHs, 15®'. great Store of Provisions in the Towti; every House

That Colonel Cuningham wrote Two Letters presently having great plenty: Thatt Provisions came daily into the to Colonel Lundie-, the Import of which Letters were) Town m Boats, sufficient, at this time, for Three Months, to acquaint him with his Arrival with Two fresh Regi- for Three thousand then; as Colonel Lundie himself told Wients; and to know in what Condition the Town stood; the Lord Rlaney, but ft very little while before this and that he staid for further Orders: But, receiving no Council of War was held.

Answer to these Letters, about Nine a Clock at Night, That, after this Council of War was up, the People he sent Major Tiffany up to the Governor with a Third was very desirous of knowing what Resolutions they had Letter to the same Purpose. taken: And, the more to amuse them, it was generally

That Major 7 iffuny, as he went, met Colonel Lundie'sreported, That they had resolved to land the Men

Messenger carrying an Answer to the Two former Let- immediately, and march them into the Town, ters; and took him back with him to Londonderry; Colonel Chichester said, That, that afternoon, Colonel where Colonel Lundie opened his own Letter again, which Cuningham and Colonel Richards, and most of the he had sent; and inserted a Postscript in it: The Purport Gentry and Officers that were present at the Council of of his Letter was, That Colonel Cuningham Should land War, went down to the Ships, as the People thought, the Two Regiments, as soon as he could; and that he to bring up the Men: But, When they saw the Ships fall would give them the best Accommodation the Town af- down lower from the TowiV, they first took the Alarm; forded. In the1 Postscript, he confirms the same Orders, and cried out, They were betrayed*, as to landing the Men; but intimates, That when they That the Governor, Colonel Lmtdie, said the Council Should discourse together, the Place woud be found not of War had resolved the Men Should be lahcfed: And to tenable; and- so Feters him further to the Bearer, whith make it the more crediBfe, pretended'to give some Orders was Major Tiffany, that carried this Letter. about Quarters. And, when1 so many GentlfemenS going

That the next Morning, Tuesday the Sixteenth, Colonel" down to the Shiph* frighted the Town’s People; he said, Cuningham sent to Colonel Richards, to bring Tlrree or They went only to see the Men Midi Four of his Officers along with him; and- he Caking the The Committee find, That when’ the Ships fell so for like Number of his own, they went all up to London- down, that it appeared plainly there was no Intention of deny, leaving the Men aboard the Ships. landing Men, the People then went, and beset Colonel

That they Went directly to the Governors House, Lundies House; and, fr*6in thbf time, watched him so' where they met a great Number4 of the Gentry and close, that he could not make his Escape to the Ships,

Officers, that were then in Town-. AntfGolenel Richards which stfeid for him; yet, that he serit to Colonel Citning-said, Thait CoXctntV CuninghaiH,and1 the Governor, whis- hani not' to go aw ay without him, lest he became a Sa-

pered together at the Window; but knows not whaf they orifice to the Rabble.

saidl That the next Morning, April the l'yth, one Mr.

That in a Short time after their Arrival; Colonel itigham thfe Colonel’s Brother, and' one Captain Cofc,

Lundie proposed to go to a Council of War, in the were sent’frdm the Tow n aboard1 die Ships to ColorreT Council'Chamber: Whither1 they went'accordingly. Coningham, to offer him the Government of the Town That Colonel Lundie did refuse to admit divers of the if he would'come up; arid take Possessibri of it, and land Officers, who did use to-Come to former Councils; par- his two Regiments; at the same tipte tolling him, They ticularly Colonel Hamilton, Colonel Chichester, Major had1 sufficient Provisions in the Town'; and Walker, and Major Baker: And that ColoneYCkichester, that they, being great Numberte df Men, wdnld-R r‘ netm and Major Walker, endeavouring to thrust into the Room; march out and' take the Field'; and" leave the Garisbrr Colonel Lundie ordered them to be kept out; saying, to his Care. ButColdrtel Coningham refused’the Offer,

They were to be a select Company. bidding them go- back, and obey their Governor*. All

Colonel Lundie was the first Mhn that spoke at this which’ he confessed) saving that'Captain Cole was the Council of War; and: made a Proposition to quk* the only Messenger that came to hitti, without any further Town, and serid die Two Regiments Back again1; aH Authority than- from- did Rabble, leging; for his Reason, That there was not above a That the Ships came back* tbJLieerpoole, with most of Week or Ten Days Provision left in the Town; and the'Officers; arid Gentry, belonging to the-Towti': But that the Enemy was Five-and-twenty thousand strong, Colonel Lundie was left behind* at Loft(kmderry‘; frbfrf and within1 Four or Fite Miles. whence hd after made hid Escape- into' Scot hind, id a

That' this Proposition was consented'to by all present, prifafe Soldier’s Habit! without any Contradiction; saving, t hatColond Richards tl pdn Tuesday; die i6tK> there- came* one- Whit-

says, He opposed- it by saying; " Quitting thcTdWrf, loe, the Minister of Raffbe; to EOridonddrryl from Lieu-was quitting of a KingdomWhereupon' crrte present torrartt Gefneral FFctiuittbn, to propose a- Treaty’for the rose up; and swore he would be hanged’ for no Marfs- Surrender'of the Townv Thetiext Day1, another Cotinrf! Pleasure; which, he' thinks; was’ Major Tiff arty': And of War held; 'wherelhisW/hticA was' present; and' sat another sadd, He* would gb Home, let* who*would be'dte* rtettrthe Governor.

Vol. X.

5 U

The

a6a 12* August/. A. 1689.

Irish Affair*; The Archdeacon Hamilton, Captain Kynaston, and the Town; and proposed, That Colonel might

Defence of j^fr. Francis Neoill, were sent out by the Town to Lieu- come up, and discourse with him, before the Men were Londonderry. tenant General Hamilton, to see What Terms they could landed: and that he did consent to it. Colonel Cuningham get. says, He gave Tiffany no such Orders.

They received but one Article; viz. To surrender the He owns the Proceeding at the Council of War; and

Town, their serviceable Horses, and Arms; and they says, He did not know but that Provisions were as might live peaceably: Which Article they had under the scarce as he had represented them. He denies the se-Hand of Lieutenant General Hamilton; and likewise of veral Discourses, and Confessions, which the Witnesses General Rosen, who commanded in Chief. have charged him with.

When Mr. Francis Necill came back to Londonderry, Colonel Cuningham, being examined, says, That, as he was denied Entrance into the Town by one to the Proceedings at the Council of War, it was as is Mr. Nevill. Captain Whitney, that commanded that Night, mentioned; but denies the Words he Should say, " He who pretended, from the Walls, that he did not know would go home again, let who would be displeased with it" him; by which means he lay in a little Hut all Night, Denies his Brother ever came down to the Ships, only and was there taken by the Enemy: Where he has un- Captain Cole. — Says, He, having a good opinion of Co-dergone great Hardship since, till he made his Escape lonel Lundies Loyalty, bids them go back, and obey from Dublyn and brought his Bail along with him. their Governor.

The Committee were informed, by Comet Nicholson, There was mention made of Colonel Coningham being that he asked Mr. lVhitloe, the Minister (with whom named in the Dispensation to Popish Officers, for not he had been formerly acquainted) upon 10. April, at taking the Oaths, and Test: To which he said, He Londonderry, What Colonel Lundie intended to do con- knew not how his Name came to be inserted; but he ceming the delivering the Town. lVhitloe seemed at produced a Certificate from the Officer, in the King’s first very shy towards him; but, at last, told him, The Bench Court; whereby it appeared,. That he did take Town would be delivered before Saturday following; and the Oaths, and Test, at that very time: Which satisfied that he was to receive his Letters next Morning from the Committee as to that Matter.

Colonel Lundie: And he advised him, as an old Acquaint- Upon Richards' being examined, it appeared to the ance, to shift for himself. Committee, That Cuningham was his Commander in

Comet Nicholson says further, That he told this very Chief; and that he had acted nothing in the whole Mat-Passage, the same Day, to Mr. Henry Nicholson, and one ter, but in Obedience to his superior Officer.

Dr. Lasby. Which Henry Nicholson was examined before Colonel Chichester informed the Committee, That the Committee, and confessed he was told of it, at that Captain Cornwall, Commander of the Frigate,

Time: And they both, believing the Town would be which carried Colonel Cuningham to when

betrayed, left it for that Reason. he came back again for England, brought a great many

Mr. Bennet; -That there was a Stack of Hay, and Protestant Passengers aboard his Ship; and demanded One hundred and fifty, or Two hundred Barrels of Sal- Four Pounds a-head of every one; and where the Money mon, belonging to the Lord Mazarine, within a Quarter was not to be had, plundered them of their Swords, of a Mile of Londonderry; which might Watches, Cloaths, or any thing the y had, in a very bar-ir n ur oy at.jjave been had into the Town for fetch- barous manner.

ing: But the Governor took no Care about it: But Co- Then the Committee took into their Consideration se-lonel Lundie said it was got in And Mr. Neoill veral Complaints made against Mr. Anderton, the Custo-r. Nevill. sajj the 8atne thing, That Mr. Jemmit, the iner, at Chester; which consisted of Three Particulars; Governor of Culmore Fort, did get it in viz.

Sir Arthur Royden informed the Committee, That he The Badness of the Provisions sent along with Cuning-often desired Colonel Lundie, that his Men might be ham's and Richards' Regiments: And employed to fetch in Provisions; but he could never That they had not Shipping enough provided for give him Orders for it: Only one Day his Men brought them: And in Three hundred Horse Load of Meal, without Order. That he failed in the Payment of divers Sums of He says further, That Colonel Lundie told him, but Money, according to his Orders.

Three Days before Cuningham and Richards came to As to the Shipping received Orders from

Londonderry, That there was then in the Town Three the Commissioners of the Navy to provide Shipping for Months Provision for Six thousand Men. Fifteen hundred Men.

Daniel Sherrard informed the Committee, That Co- Colonel Richards said, That he complained the Ship-lonel Lundie had preferred a Captain in his own Regiment, ping was not sufficient; for that the Men wanted Con-who had sworn he would not serve King William, nor venience to lie down.

receive Pay against King James. That more Shipping might have been had; but Mat-

That Colonel Lundie admitted one Mr. Netercile to that) Anderton told him, His Father had provided as the Council, who was suspected to hold Correspondence much Shipping as he had Orders for. with King James, and afterwards actually went to him. That he attributed, in great Measure, the Sickness of That, at the Council of War, lVhitloe, that came the Men, in the Voyage, to the want of Room in the about the Surrender of the Town, was present, and sat Ships, as well as the Badness of Provisions, near the Governor: And that Colonel Lundie there said, That there was no Platforms for the Men to lie upon,

the Town could not hold out; but must surrender. as is usual in such Cases.

That one Ellis, that was the Lord Tyr- There appeared only Two Sons of Matthew Anderton, Damel Sherrard. canneifs Secretary, held constant Corres- before the Committee: The Father was summoned; but pondence with Colonel Lundie by Letters, till the Army a Certificate, upon Oath, was produced under Two Sur-came down, and the Post was stopped; and franked them geons Hands, That he had a bruised Leg, and could not with his own Name upon the Superscription: And travel.

Colonel Lundie wrote to him again. It appeared as to this first Head complained of, That

Colonel Lundie being several times examined, says, Matthew Anderton had Orders for Shipping, for Fifteen As to the Fight at the Pass, That the Men would not hundred Men; and accordingly agreed for Seven Ships, stand but run away; so he fled among the rest: But some of which had carried formerly the like Number of denies he bid them shift for themselves. Soldiers as they now agreed to take aboard: But the

He says, when he came to Londonderry, he shut the Officers complained they were streightened in Three Gates against the Rabble; knowing it would quickly Ships; upon which he did provide another of One hun-make a great Scarcity of Provisions. dred and Fifty..., which carried One hundred and Fifty

He says, Major Tiffany, when he brought Curdngham's Men: They did desire another Ship for their Horses: Letter, told him, they had brought no Provisions for But, for that, there was no Order.

Colonel

i W. M. ia0 — 130 Augusti, <263

Colonel Richards and all the Officers, gave the Masters of the Ships Certificates, That they had carried and brought back their full Number; of which Copies only were produced before the Committee: But said, That the Originals were at Chester, and ready to be produced.

As to the Second Complaint,

Colonel Cunningham, Divere Witnesses informed the Com-Coionel Richard*, mittee. That the Biscuit was very bad, Captain Tucker, and so was the Beer; but the Cheese Lieutenant Driver. was agreed, on all Hands, to be good.

.. The Biscuit was rotten, and mouldy;

Lieutenant Mouse, , . r, . J i

Lieutenant Hatley. not fit to eat> " to g1* Part of

it: And some of the Beer stunk'so, That the Men chose rather to drink salt Water, or their own Urine.

That the Cask, which contained the Beer, when it was gauged, did frequently want Twelve or Fourteen Inches of being full.

That divers of the Officers and Soldiers died, and were sick; which wais occasioned by the Badness of the Bread and Beer.

That some Part of the Provisions, Biscuit, as they were informed, had been in the Castle ever since Monmouth's Rebellion.

To these several Matters, Anderton said, That the Provisions, which were had from the Castle, were baked but in December: Which his Father was forced to borrow;

for that the Town could not provide enough in the Time limited: That the Masters of the Ships received their full Quantity, according to Order, as appeared by their Certificates, ready to be produced: And, that the Castle Biscuit was good, He produced a Certificate, signed by Five Persons, who viewed the same. As to the rest. He desired the Aldermen of each Company of Brewers and Bakers in the City of Chester, to see the full Quantity provided, and to see it Should be good; and paid the best Rates, as appeared by their Receipts.

The Brewers and Bakers gave Certificates to the same Purpose.

He produced Colonel Cuningham s Order to the Master of the Ship, that carried the last Ten Days Provision, to deliver out of his Ship, to several Officers, spare Provisions, at his Return from Londonderry.

As to the Third Branch of the Complaint, about Nonpayment of several Sums of Money;

That Mr. Anderton was ordered to pay One thousand Pounds to Mr. James Hamilton.

To This he says, He paid but Five hundred Ninety-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight-pence; which was more than he had then of the King’s Money resting in his Hand.

The Second Order was, for Two thousand Pounds to Colonel Cuningham.

This Order was dated March the Fourteenth; and received the Sixteenth; and the Money paid the Nineteenth, as appeared by Colonel Cuninghams Receipt; which he produced to the Committee.

That Mr. Blaithwaite writ a Letter to Mr.' Anderton,

to pay Two thousand Pounds more to Colonel Cuningham, out of such Monies as he had in his Hands.

Colonel Cuningham informed the Committee, That he went over to Chester for this Money: But Mr. Anderton told him, He had none, and could not pay it: And that he afterwards sent one Mr. King thither again for it, but could not get it: And he offered to procure some to lay it down for him, and give him Credit.

That Mr. Anderton has 6ince, upon full and positive Orders to that Purpose, paid this second Two thousand Pounds to Lieutenant Colonel Johns, who commanded the Two Regiments that followed Colonel Cuningham and Richards.

Mr. Anderton informed the Committee, That his Father had not Forty Pounds of the King’s Money in his Hands; but raised the first and last Two thousand Pounds upon his own Credit.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the Vo t. X.

House, That an Address may be presented to his Majesty, That the said Colonel Cuningham may be bailed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That Colonel Lundie be sent over to Londonderry, to be tried there for the Treasons that are laid to his Charge.

Then, there arising a Debate, touching the Pardon about to be granted to Mr. Oates;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report, from the Committee appointed to prepare Reasons for a Conference with the Lords, for the settling the Method of Proceedings between the Two Houses, upon Conferences, and free Conferences, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Books, which were brought to this House, touching the Excise, be delivered back to the Officer that brought the same.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Bill for securing the Government against Papists, and other disaffected Persons, read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howies, Major Vincent, Mr. Christy, Sir JVm. Williams, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir John Thomson, Sir Edxe. Hussey, Mr. Phil. Foley, Mr. Norreis, Sir Tho. Darcye, Mr. -wen, Mr. Blake, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Mr.

Whitehead, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Williams, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Harley, Mr. Solicitor General Sir Hen. Goodrick, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Reynold, Sir John Trevor, Major Wildman, Sir Win. Ashurst, Colonel Mildmay, Sir Patience Ward, Mr. Arnold, Sir Rob. Clayton: And ail that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 13* die Augusti', i* Willielmi et Marise.

Prayers.

MR. Solicitor General reports from the Committee, to whom it was referred, to prepare Reasons for a Conference with the Lords, for the settling the Method of Proceedings, between the Two Houses, upon Conferences, and free Conferences; That the Committee had prepared the same accordingly: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth:

The Commons have desired This Conference, upon the Subject Matter of the Message, sent by your Lordships the One-and-thirtieth of July last; to acquaint them, That your Lordships had adhered to your Amendments, proposed to be made to the Bill, for reversing Two Judgments given in the Court of King's Bench against Titus Oates, Clerk.

The Commons have commanded us to represent, briefly, to your Lordships, How the Case stands, between the Two Houses, in relation to this Bill.

Writs of Error were brought before your Lordships, in order to reverse the Judgments given against Oates upon Two Indictments, for Perjury: By which Judgments, He was to be divested of his Canonical Habits; and to continue so divested during his Life: He was yearly, during his Life, to be set in the Pillory several times, at divers publick Places: He was to be imprisoned during Life: Was to be whipped, from Aldgate to Newgate, one Day; and, from thence to Tyburn, another Day: And w as fined One thousand Marks.

These

Proceedings respecting Titus Oates.

Papers to be returned.

Committees.

Securing Government against Papists.

Proceedings respecting Titus Oates.

Proceedings

respecting Titus Oates.

264 13® Augusti. A. 1680.

These Judgments yow Lordships thought fit to affirm.

The Precedents being of such dangerous Consequence to every English Subject, the Commons thought themselves under a Necessity of sending up a BUI to your Lordships, in order to have these Judgments reversed by Act of Parliament: In which Bill, the Judgments are called erroneous, illegal, cruel, and of evil Example to future Ages.

Your Lordships, by a Message, the Thirteenth Day of July did acquaint the Commons, That you had agreed to the Bill; with Amendments.

By the Amendments, the Words "illegal, cruel, and of ill Example to future Ages," are omitted: And a Clause is added, That such excessive Punishments shall not be inflicted for the future.

The Words which concern the Annulling of the Judgments given by the House of Peers upon the Writs of Error, are omitted: And a Clause is added, That, till the Matters for which Oates was convicted be heard and determined in Parliament, he Should not be received for a Witness, or to give Evidence, in any Court or Cause.

The Commons, at a Conference, the Twenty-second of July, delivered their Reasons, Why they could not agree to these Amendments.

Your Lordships delivered Your Reasons for insisting upon the Amendments, at the Conference, the Twenty-sixth of July.

The Reasons given by your Lordships not being satisfactory to the Commons, a free Conference was desired, and had the Twenty-ninth of July: At which it was owned, by your Lordships, That the whole House of Peers was satisfied, that the Judgments given in the King's Bench were erroneous and extravagant; and the Punishment so exorbitant, as ought not to be inflicted on an English Subject; and also, that you would not enter into a Debate with them, whether an erroneous Judgment must not necessarily be illegal: But yet your Lordships did declare, That, upon the Writs of Error, you had chosen to affirm the Judgments, rather than Oates Should be restored to his Testimony; which must have been the Consequence of the Reversal.

After your Lordships had owned so much at the Conference, the Commons were extremely surprized to receive a Message, That you had Adhered' to your Amendments;

First, Because, by this Vote of Adhering generally, your Lordships do depart from what was yielded to upon the firee Conference; at which (as the Commons did apprehend) some of the Amendments were waved by your Lordships.

Secondly, The Commons find Cause to be dissatisfied with the Message;

Because your Lordships have proceeded to Adhere upon the First free Conference: Which they look upon to be irregular; at least, to be contrary to the ordinary Course of Proceedings between the two Houses (especially, if-such Adhering Should' be looked upon as conclusive); it being well known to your Lordships, That it is usual to have Two free Conferences, or more, before either House proceeds to Adhere. And, as it is the Course of Parliaments, so it is suitable to the Nature of the Things, that there Should be no Adhering till after Two free Conferences at the least; because, before That Time, each House is not fully possessed of the Reasons, upon which the other does proceed; nor have the Houses had the full Opportunity of making Replies to one another’s Arguments: And, to Adhere sooper, is to exclude all Possibility of offering Expedients.

This Method, of Adhering so suddenly and unexpectedly, draws very ill Consequences after it, as appears by what has happened this Sessions; the additional Poll Bill having been lost, to the great Prejudice of the Crown, by your Lordships Adhering upon the First free Conference. The Bill of Rights (in which your Lordships; as well as the Commons, are highly concerned), by this quick way of Adhering, now put in Use by your Lordships, is

25

in Danger to bn lost. And no Inconveniences can be greater than what must follow the Less of -this Bilk if your Lordships Should take yourselves to be concluded, by Adhering upon the First free Conference.

For the Commons think it is not to be denied, That, in Proceedings in your Judicial Capacity upon Writs of Error, your Lordships are as much bound to give Judgment upon the Record, according to the strict Rules of Law, as any inferior Court whatsoever; and ought not to enter into the Consideration of Persons, or collateral Respects.

That, for your Lordships to- assume a discretionary Power to affirm a Judgment, though at the same time you agree it to be erroneous, is to assume a Power to make Law, instead of judging according to the Rules of Law.

That, when the Commons send up a Bill to your Lordships, in order to prevent the Mischiefs of such destructive Precedents, for your Lordships to refuse to reverse these Judgments (though confessed to be erroneous), unless upon such Terms as you are pleased to impose, and to which the Commons cannot in Reason agree, is to leave the Kingdom without Redress against acknowledged Wrongs.

It is recorded, to the Honour of your noble Ancestors, That they declared they would not change the Laws: And the Commons hope you will pursue their Steps; and not, by affirming emmeous Judgments, go about to make ’That Law, which was not so before; and, by insisting upon collateral Terms before you will reverse those Judgments in the Legislative way, take to yourselves, in Effect, the whole Power of the Legislature: Which is, not only to change the Law, but to subvert the Constitution of the Government, if your Lordships Should insist upon such a way of Proceeding, and the Common^ Should acquiesce in it.

The Commons do therefore hope your Lordships will not insist upon this unusual Method of Adhering; which manifestly tends to the Interruption of a good Correspondence between the Two Houses (the Lords and Commons having frequently agreed upon the Second and Third free Conference, when they could not upon the First); especially at so unseasonable a time; when an intire Agreement between the Two Houses is of such absolute Necessity for the Establishment of the Government, and for the Peace and Safety of the Kingdom.

Resolved, That the House do agree to the said Rearsons to be offered at the said Conference.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire a Conference with them, upon the Subject Matter of their Lordships Message, the One-and-thirtieth of July last, concerning their Lordships Adhering to their Amendments to the Bill for reversing Two Judgments given in the Court of Kings- Bench, against -

Ordered, That the Lord. Coote do go- to the Lords with that Message.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant'to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ to the Sheriff of the County of Devon, for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Clif ton Dartmouth in the room of

Charles Boone, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Company of Weavers-; and the Master and Wardens of the Company of Weavers at Canterbury, in Behalf of themselves, and others in lend, was read; setting forth, That; they thankfully acknowlege, that, upon their humble Petition praying to be- heard -touching the Bill for enjoining the Wear of Woollen Manufacture, they were referred to the' Committee-to whom the Bill was referred, who have not yet* been pleased to hear the Petitioners: And praying; That' they may be heard at the: Bar of* the’ Hbuse, before the Bill shell-pass.

And

Conference

desired.

Dartmouth

Writ.

Woollen

Manufacture.

Securing

Government

against

Papists.

Complaint against Lt. Col. Copley.

15° Augu

Buckingham’s Estate

Merc wit, 14* die Augusti;

V Gulielmi ct Mari*.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir Cooke Dnke of and Sir John Franklin;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled,

An Act for the better enabling the Trustees of the Right Noble George late Duke of Buckingham to sell the Estate late of the said Duke, for Payment of his Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Lieutenant Colonel Complaint Copley, Deputy Governor of Hull, and George L*e*

Deputy Postmaster of Hull, attended, according to the opejN Order of Yesterday;

The said Colonel Copley was called in.

And the Petition of the said George being

read; Colonel Copley was heard what he had to say thereunto.

And being withdrawn;

Both he and the Petitioner were called, to hear what they could say to each other.

And then being withdrawn;

Resolved, That the Seizing the Mail, and breaking open Resolution* of Post Letters by any Military Officer, or Soldier, is a ^}»il Violation of the Rights of the Subject. &c. by the

Resolved, That the breaking open Letters, directed to, Military, or sent from any Member of this House, is a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That the Imprisoning, or inflicting of any Punishment, by any Military Officer, or Soldier, upon any of the Subjects of this Kingdom, not being in actual Military Service, and in Pay, is a Violation of the Rights of the People.

Then the Question being proposed. That the Petition be referred to the Committee of Grievances, to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put; and

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

.i W. &M. 13° — 140 —

.And the Question being put, That a Time be appointed to hear the Petitioners}

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill for encouraging of the Woolen Manufacture, be read the Third time presently.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the enjoining the Wearing of the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom, at certain Times of the Year.

Ordered, That Colonel Sackvile do carry the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for securing the Government against Papists, and other disaffected Persons, is referred, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon: And that Mr. Forester, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Reynell, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. White, Colonel Austen, Mr. Buckly, Sir Tho. Bamadiston, Sir Wm. Poultny, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Sherrard, be added to the Committee.

A Petition of George Maxcson Deputy Postmaster of Kingston upon Hull, was presented.

Resolved, That he be called in to own the Petition.

And he was called in; and owned the Petition; and said, That he would avow the Truth of the Contents thereof.

Then the Petition was read; setting forth, That, whereas Captain Copley, Lieutenant Governor of Hull, had divers times taken into his Possession the Post Mail coming to the said Town, and caused the same to be brought to his own House, or to a Tavern, where he opened, and im-bezled, destroyed, or otherwise disposed of several Letters, at his Pleasure, to the great Prejudice and Detriment, as well of the Traders and other Inhabitants of that Town, as of divers Gentlemen, and some honourable Members of this House, living the reabouts; of which Complaint-being made to the honourable John Wildman, Esquire, Postmaster General, he wrote to the Petitioner, directed him to order the Mail to be brought directly to his own House, and not to be carried elsewhere; and also, writ to the said Captain Copley, desiring and enjoining him for the future, to forbear his opening the Mail, as aforesaid: notwithstanding which, the said Captain Copley did, on the Thirteenth of June last. One thousand Six hundred Eighty-and-nine, seize the Post Mail, as formerly, and caused it to be brought to him to a Tavern; where opening and scattering the Letters about the Room, there were so many lost as amounted to about Nine Shillings for the Postage; from whence he sent a Messenger for the Petitioner to come to him: But the Petitioner, being indisposed, sent his Servant; and he desired to be excused from coming: Whereupon the said Captain Coply sent a Serjeant, and Four Musqueteers, who took the Petitioner out of his own House, and carried him to the main Guard; where, having first bound his Hands behind him, they tied him Neck and Heels, with that extreme Violence, that the Blood gushed out of his Nose and Mouth; and kept him in that intolerable Posture for Two Hours and' a Half, till the Petitioner was utterly deprived of Sense, and put in extreme Hazard of his Life; and remains to this Day miserably crippled,

' disabled in his Limbs, and impaired in his Sight: And that, forasmuch as the said Captain Copley being a Commission Officer, the Petitioner cannot have his Remedy against him by a due Course at Law: And prating the House to take his suffering Case into their Consideration, and do him that Right upon the said Captain Copley, as to them Should seem meet

Ordered, That the said Lieutenant Colonel Copley do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to answer to the Matters objected against him: And that the Petitioner do then also attend.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. X.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jervis, 15* die Augusti;

1 Gulielmi et Mari*.

Prayers.

MR. Christy reports from the Committee to whom Tanned the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, in- Leather, tituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act made in the First Year of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather, was referred; That they had thought fit to make several Amendments to the same: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence: And afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read the First time throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

And are as followeth;

Press 2, Line 27, after the Word " unto," add Proviso (A):

" Provided always, That nothing in this, or any other Act, shall extend to give any Power to the Master and Wardens of the Company of Curriers to visit, search or seize any Leather, Hide, or Skin, but such only as shall be curried or dressed within the City of London, or Three.

Miles thereof, by some Members of their own Company, nor in any other Place but in the open Market, or in the Shops, Houses, or Warehouses of such Curriers."

3 X Lina

Supply Bill;

Dutch

Expedition,

Securing

Government

against

Papists.

266 150 — 1 6° . 1689.

Line 40, Leave out these Words, " and not otherwise and insert, instead thereof, " or to cut, or convert the same into other made Ware, according to their several and respective Trades."

And afterwards, add Clause (B):

" And be it further Enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to buy or sell Leather, Hides and Skins, by Weight."

Then the Bill, so amended, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill with the said Amendments; and desire their Concurrence to the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklyn and Sir Rob. Regard;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That they have passed the Bill for appropriating certain Duties for paying the States General of the United Provinces their Charges for his Majesty’s Expedition into this Kingdom, and for other Uses, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hawles reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for securing the Government against Papists, and other disaffected Persons, was referred; That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the same: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence: And afterwards, delivered the same in at thje Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read over the First time throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Several other Amendments were proposed to be made in the Bill, and agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended accordingly at the Table.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Folio #, Line #, by inserting " commonly called Quakers."

And the Question being put, That the same be inserted accordingly;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telle, for U,e Yeas, {Jfc } 47.

Telle, for the Noe, }*

So it passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Act shall continue in Force for Three Years, and no longer.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read;

-It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill so amended, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to examine the Cases of the Prisoners in the Tower, Newgate, and the Gatehouse, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And that Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Arnold, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Blake, Mr. May, Sir Walter Moyle, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Hawles, Colonel Mildmay, Mr. Reynell, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Whitehead, Major Vincent, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir Wm. Cooper, Sir John Treoor, be added to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 16* die Augusti;

i° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

A PETITION of several Masters, and Mariners Exactions at of Ships was read; setting forth, That the Peti- Hull Port' tioners being Traders in the Port of Hull, Captain Copley, present Lieutenant Governor of the said Town, hath for several Months last past, and still continues to <*xact from the Petitioners the Sum of One Farthing per Ton, according to the respective Burthens of their several Ships or Vessels, to the great Oppression of the Peti-tioners: And praying the House to take into their Consideration this illegal Exaction; and cause such Redress to be made, as to them Should seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Captain Copley do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to answer to the Matter of the said Petition: And that the Petitioners do also then attend, to make good their Complaint.

Colonel Sackvile informed the House, That one Robert information Diggs was with the Weavers on Wednesday last, encou- respecting raging them in the Tumult they then made: Who, being ?n

apprehended, was brought before him as a Justice of ne3 ay Peace: And that he tendered him the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy; but that he refused to take them:

And that he had taken several Informations given in against him, and committed him to the Gatehouse: And that there were Applications made to bail him;' and therefore he desired the Directions of the House therein;

And, delivering in the Informations, they were read Rt the Table.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inquire.

Who were the Authors and Occasion of the Tumult on Wednesday last.

And it is referred unto Major Wildtnan, Mr. Vane,

Colonel Sackvile, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Leveson Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Sir John Knatchbull, Sir John Trevor, Major Manky, Sir Tho.

Littkton, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Algernon May,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Blake, Sir Peter Rick, Mr.

Papillion, Mr. Done, Mr. Coningsby, Sir Wm. Williams,

Sir Walter Young, Sir Wm.Cooper, Mr. Roberts, Mr.

Fenwick, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Hawles, Colonel Mildmay, Sir Walter Moyk, Mr. Forrester, Sir Rice Rudd, Mr. Grey,

Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Arnold, and all the Members that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and the County of Middlesex, and Borough of: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for securing the Government against Securing

Papists, and other disaffected Persons, was read the Government rru* j / against

Third time. pdpists.

Several Amendments were severally proposed to be

made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1, Line 36, to leave out " other than Peers of

this Realm, as Members of ‘either House of Parliament

And

Press 3, Line last, to leave out " at the Discretion of the JusticesAnd "

Press *, Line *, to insert " Riding, Division, City,

Borough, PlaceAnd

Press 3, Line 14, to leave out " and and, instead thereof, to insert " or And

Press 4, Line 13, to leave out "Persons called," and inserting, Press 4, Line the 14th, " And

Press 4, Line 15, to leave out " mentioned and, instead thereof, to insert " described

All which Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added as a Rider to the Bill, as followeth;

" Provided also, and it is hereby Declared and Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all Rents and Profits 22 of

Clandestine

Marriages.

Woollen Manufactures,

Tanned

Leather-

Clandestine

Marriages.

Woollen Manufactures.

W. & M.

16° — 17 -j

267

of all and every such Estate and Estates of of Salisbury, as shall, by virtue of this Act, or otherwise, by reason of his Recusancy, be forfeited, shall, in the first place, redound unto, be had, held, and enjoyed by Tillotson, Dean of Canterbury, and Doctor in Divinity, and John Fishet', of the Middle Temple, London, Trustees

or Overseers of James late Earl of Salisburye, deceased, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of such Survivor; for the Use and Benefit of, and in Trust for the younger Children (being Protestants) of the said James Earl of Salisbury, deceased; until such time, and no longer, as the respective Portions to them the said younger Children devised or appointed by the said Will, and the Interest due, or to grow due, for the same, shall be made up and satisfied: And that, for that Purpose, all such Rents and Profits be, immediately after the Time: of the said Forfeitures actually vested in the said John TillJohn Mapletoft,

and John Fisher, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of such Survivors, for and during, and until the Time that the said respective Portions shall be made up and satisfied, together with the Interest as aforesaid; any thing in this, or any former Act to the contrary thereof in any-wise notwithstanding. Saving nevertheless, the Right and Title of all just and real Creditors and Legatees, whose Debts and Legacies are chargeable upon the said Estate, or any Part thereof."

' Which Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Securing of the Government against Papists, and disaffected Persons.

Ordered, That Mr. Hazvles do cany the Bill up to the Lords for their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbali, 17* die Augusti;

i° Gulielmi ct Mariae.

Prayers.

AM E S S AG E from the Lords, by Sir and Mr. Kecke;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That they have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to disable Minors to marry without the Consent of their Fathers, or Guardians; and against their untimely marrying after the Decease of their Fathers; and for the preventing all clandestine Marriages for the Future: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Lords likewise have agreed to the Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom, with some Amendments: to which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

We are commanded also to acquaint this House, That they have agreed to the Amendments proposed by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Explaining Part of an Act made in the First Year of King James the First, concerning tanned Leather.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to disable Minors to marry without the Consent of their Fathers or Guardians; and against their untimely marrying after the Decease of their Fathers; and for the preventing all clandestine Marriages for the future; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Then the Amendments proposed by the Lords to be made to the Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures Vol. X.

of this Kingdom, Were read the First time throughout; and are as followeth;

Press 8, Line 15, 16, leave out " nor the Privileges thereof);" and insert " to the Eastland Company, to the Russia Company, to the African Company, or to the Privileges granted to them, or any of them."

At the End of the Bill, add Clause (A):

" Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to transport, from the Port of Southampton only, for the only Use or Behoof of the Inhabitants of the Islands of Guernsey,

Jersey, Alderney, and Sarke, and of the Woolen Manufactures there made, One thousand Todds of uncombed Wool for the Island of Guernsey, Two thousand Todd of uncombed Wool for the Island of Jersey, Two hundred Todd of uncombed Wool for the Island of and

One hundred Todd of uncombed Wool for the Island of Sarke, more than by the said Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, is directed and provided for the same; to be done according to the same Rules, Orders, and Directions, and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as in the said Act is directed, ordained, appointed, and inflicted; and, on the further Penalty of Twenty Pounds for every Todd of Wool, and Forfeiture of the Wool itself (One half thereof to his Majesty, One Quarter Part thereof to the Informer, and the other Quarter Part thereof to the Poor of the said Islands), in case any Person shall again transport, or attempt to transport any of the said Wool from the said Islands, for every'Offence therein; and also, that every Person so offending shall, from and after the First Offence, be incapable of having or enjoying any Grant of any Wool from the said Port of Southampton; nor shall ever hereafter have any Warrant given or granted him for that Purpose; the said Penalties to be recovered by such Person as shall sue for the same, by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information; wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege,

Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, is. to be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance."

A Petition of the East India Company was offered; setting forth. That there be a Clause added to the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool, giving Liberty to all Persons to export the Woolen Manufactures into any Parts beyond the Seas: That, forasmuch as the said Clause may be construed to give Liberties to others, besides the Petitioners, to trade into the East Indies, which may be of very dangerous Consequence, and cause the Lasing of the East India Trade, not only to the Petitioners, but to the whole Kingdom for ever: And praying, that, before the said Bill do pass, they may be heard to it; or that there may be a Saving of their Privileges, as there are of the Privileges of several other Companies of Merchants-:

And the Question being put, That the Petition be read;

It passed in the Negative.

The First of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

The Clause being twice more read;

Resolved, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John Knatchbull do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House to the said Amendments.

Resolved, That it be recommended to his Majesty’s Securing most honourable Privy Council, to secure Robert Diggs, Persons con-who was lately committed by Colonel Sackvile, touching Jjfrned m the Tumult on Wednesday last, that he may not be re: umu 1‘ leased by Bail.

The House being informed, that Colonel Copley, and Exactions the Petitioners against him, according to the Order of Hull Port.

Yesterday, attended at the Door;

They were called in.

And, after the Petition was read, several Witnesses were, examined touching the Time of setting-up the Chain at

268 i7° — 190 —

Hull; and also, the said Colonel s taking a Farthing

per Ton (as he was Lieutenant Governor) from Masters and Mariners of Ships, in respect thereof.

And also Lieutenant Governor Copley was heard: Who acquainted the House, That he did not set up the Chain, but only kept it up, as a Thing of great Use and Service to the Place: And that he was desired by the Customhouse Officers so to do: And produced a Certificate of those Officers for that Purpose: And also informed the House, That the former Lieutenants had received the like Duty; particularly in Colonel Gilbye's and Lord Langdale's Time.

And then the Petitioners and Witnesses, and Colonel Copley withdrew.

The said Certificate was read.

Resolved, That the levying a Farthing Ton, or any other Sum of Money, upon Ships that come into the Port of Hull, upon Pretence of maintaining a Chain there, is an illegal Exaction upon the People.

And afterwards Colonel Copley was called in; and acquainted with the said Resolution, that he might not levy the pretended Duty any more:

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the Informations, delivered into the House Yesterday by Colonel Copley, be delivered back to him.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 19’ die;

Primo Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

Recovery A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir John Franklin of Tythe*. ±\. and Sir Rob. Zcgard;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That they have agreed to the Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Tythes; with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Amendments were read the First time through; and are as follow;

In the Title, after " Tythes," add " and for the Repairs of Churches."

1 Skin, Line 23, after " then," add " it shall be lawful for."

Line 24, for " shall or may," read " to."

2 Skin, Line 11, after "with-held," add "together with such Costs and Charges."

Line 29, for " retain to themselves," read " pay to the Party grieved."

Line 3 r, instead of " together with," read " retaining to themselves."

Line 33, for " rendering," read " shall render."

4 Skin, 28 Line, leave out " Prescription."

5 Skin, 16 Line, after " Judgment," add "or against

\ whom any Judgment shall be obtained."

18*, for " shall," read " may."

6 Skin, Line 5, after " Inhabitants," add " at any Parish Meeting, whereof Notice hath been given at Church on the Sunday before."

Line 6, Leave out " at any Parish Meeting."

Line 21, after "Disbursements," add "chargeable by virtue of this Act."

Line 26, after " same," add the Proviso marked (A);

" Provided, that nothing in this Act shall extend to take away, or diminish, the Power or Jurisdiction of the Bishops, Archdeacons, and their Ordinaries: But that, in their Visitations, they may proceed in all Matters of Church Repairs and Dilapidations, as they might have done before the passing this Act."

7 Skin, Line 21, leave out from " aforesaid," to the End of the Bill.

Resolved, That they be read a Second time presently.

-2o° Augusti. A. 1689.

The first Thirteen of the Amendments were read, one by one, a Second time; and agreed unto by the House.

Proviso (A) was read a Second time:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree thereunto; -

It passed in the Negative.

The last of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, why this House doth not agree to the said Amendments.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr.

Mr. Hawles, Sir John Brownlow, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Arnold, Sir John Mathews, Sir John Trevor, Sir Edw.Hussey, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Mr.

Paul Foley, Mr. Ettericke, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Gzoyn: And they are to withdraw into the Speaker’s Chamber; and prepare the said Reasons.

Mr. Hawles reports from the said Committee, That they had prepared Reasons accordingly: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And are as followeth; viz.

Reasons to be offered at a Conference, for disagreeing with the Lords in the Amendment in a Clause marked (A), to the Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Tythes;

1 st. It is conceived, that the said Proviso is needless, for . saving the Jurisdiction of the Spiritual Courts, as to the Matter of the Repairs of . Churches; there being no Words in the Bill, which takes away the Jurisdiction of those Courts in that Matter, although another Remedy is given, by the Bill, for. such repairs.

2. It is conceived, the said Proviso is needless, for saving the Jurisdiction of those Courts in the Matter of Dilapidations, for the Reason aforesaid; and also, because nothing in the Bill meddles with Dilapidations.

3. It is conceived, that the leaving out the last Clause in the Bill is contradictory to the Design of the Bill; which was to give a quicker and less chargeable Way of recovering small Tythes and Oblations; and to disable those, who would be litigious, from putting Persons to extravagant Charges in recovering such Tythes; and, for that the leaving out the said Clause makes the Subject liable to a double Jurisdiction for the same thing.

The Question being put, That a Message be now sent to the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the said Amendments;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Trite for the Ye"' { Mr G^n, } 33 '

TeteforAeNoeS,{^-/-«. ' } 46.

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 20* die Augusti;

Primo Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

AM ES S AG E from the Lords, by Sir Franklyn Attaining

and Mr. Meredith’, several ivr-

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- 80ns‘ quaint this House, That they have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for attainting several Persons in Rebellion against their Majesties.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The

I W. & M. 20° Augusti.

*]she Amendments were read the first time throughout; and are as followeth; viz.

11 Skin, 6 Line, leave out from " to " and, "

in 1.he Tenth Line.

.12 Line, leave out " Robert Lord

:i 3 Line, leave out " Sir Roger Strickland."

14 Line, leave out " Sir Edw. Herbert, Sir Jennings."

19 Line, leave out " Colonel Hugh Southerland."

20 Line, after " Bucan," add " Rickard Earl of connell of the Kingdom of Ireland, Colonel Richard Hamilton, Lewes Doe, and Earl of Antrim of the Kingdom of Ireland."

36 Line, leave out " Thomas."

2 Skin, 1 Line, leave out " Howard, Henry Lord Dover."

j! Line, leave out " Robert Lord Hunsden."

3v 4. 5 Line, leave out " Sir Roger Strickland, Sir Edw. Herbert, Sir Win.Jennings."

7, 8 Line, leave out " Colonel Hugh Southerland."

9 Line, after " Bucan," insert " Rickard Earl of i'onnell, Colonel Richard Hamilton, Richard Doe, and Earl of Antrim."

13 Line, for " August," read " October."

14, 15 Line, leave out " and also abide their legal Tryal for such their Treasons;" and read " or shall render him or themselves to the Commander in Chief, or any other General Officer of their Majesties Forces in Ireland, at or before the Nine-and-twcnticth Day of September next."

16 Line, leave out " Thomas Howard, Henry Lord Dover."

17, 18 Line, leave out " Robert Lord

19 Line, leave out " Sir Roger Strickland, Sir Herbert."

20 Line, leave out " Sir Wm. Jennings."

24 Line, leave out " Colonel Hugh Southerland."

25 Line, after " Bucan," add " Richard Earl of Tyr-

conncll, Colonel Richard Hamilton, Leads Doe, and Earl of Antrim ."

26 Line, leave out " or qot abiding his Tryal, as afore-Baid."

27, 28 Line, for " Thirteenth Day of February," read " said Four-and-twentieth Day of October J 29, for " Eight," read " Nine."

34 Line, leave out from " Forfeit," to " and, " in Thirty-fourth Line of Third Skin; and insert the Paper marked (A);

" And that all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Reversions, Remainders, Possessions, Rights, Conditions, Interest, Offices, Fees, Annuities, and other Hereditaments, Leases for Years, and Chattels Real; and also all and every the Goods, Debts, and Chattels, personal, whatsoever of them the said William Marquis of Powis, and Sir Henry Bond, James Duke of Berwick, John Earl of MellfSir Alexander Francis P/owden, Sir Patrick Trant, John Tho-

mas Collins, Colonel Dominic Sheldon, Lieutenant-Colonel Win.Mansell, Barker, Major Bochier, and Colonel Beaucan, Richard Earl of Tyr council in the Kingdom of Ireland, Colonel Ricluird Hamilton, Louis Doc, and # Earl of Antrim of the Kingdom of Ireland; which they, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, to their or any of their Uses, or in Trust for them, or any of them, had the Twelfth Day of March, being the Day of the late King James the Second his Landing in Ireland, shall, from and after the said Four-and-twentieth Day of October in the Year of our Lord One thousand Six hundred Eighty-nine, be deemed, vested, and adjudged to be in the actual and real Possession of your Majesties, without any Office or Inquisition thereof hereafter to be taken or found And the Clause, in Parchment, marked (B);

" And whereas the Offenders before in this Act named, or some of them, have, before the Twelfth Day of March, for Money, or other valuable Considerations, granted several small Annuities and Pensions, which are secured, some by Bond, and others by Notes only; and have also

Vol X.

contracted several great Debts to poor Tradesmen, and others; some of which Debts are secured by Bonds, and others remain only upon Tradesmen, and others, their Books: All which said several Pensions, Annuities, and Debts, which are so secured and owing, as aforesaid, will, by the strict Rules of the Law, be lost, and may be to the Ruin of many of the Persons, to whom the same are granted or owing, unless Provision be made therein by this present Act: For Prevention whereof, Be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Goods and Chattels Personal, and the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of every the said respective Offenders, shall, in the first place, be applied for and towards the Payment of all and every such Annuities, Pensions, and Debts of the said Offenders, as are and be so granted, owing, and secured as aforesaid: And the Barons of their Majesties Court of the Exchequer may and are hereby authorized and directed to order the Payment of all and every such Pensions and Debts, out of the Goods and Chattels Personal, and the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments of such of the Offenders aforesaid, by whom such Annuities or Pensions were granted, or Debts owing, in the Hands of any Sheriff or Sheriffs, Officer or Officers, which shall, at any time hereafter, be chargeable with, or accountable for, such Goods or Chattels, or Rents and Profits, before the same shall be answered and paid into their said Majesties Receipt of Exchequer; so as all such Bonds and Notes, w hereby such Debts, Annuities, or Pensions are to be secured, and also, the Particulars whereby such Tradesmen, and others, -their Debts, did grow due, be entered and inrolled in their Majesties Court ot Exchequer, before the said Four-and-twentieth Day of October One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-nine, and not otherwise: And after Payment of all such Debts and Annuities, as aforesaid, shall be applied for and towards the present Maintenance and Relief of such of Your Majesties Subjects of the Kingdom of Ireland, being of the Protestant Religion, who are in the Kingdom of England, for and during the Time that the said Rebellion shall continue, and until they shall be restored to their respective Estates; any thing before in this Act contained, or any Law, to the contrary notwithstanding. "

4 Skin, 17, 18 Line, leave out " and abide their legal Tryal."

32 Line, for " August," read " October."

5 Skin, 2 Line, for " September," read " November."

5 Line, for " November," read " December."

14 Line, leave out from " Doe," to " and, " in the Twentieth Line, Sixth Skin; and insert the Clause marked (C);

" Provided, that no Conveyance, Assurance, or any other Grant, made by any of the aforesaid Offenders, or to any claiming under them, before the said Twelfth Day of March, shall be impeached, and made void, by this. Act; but that the same shall be held and enjoyed by the Purchasees, Grantees, 8$c. and their Heirs, as if this Act had not been, and the said Offenders not convicted or attainted thereby; Provided, if any Person challenge a Debt, as due from the Offenders, or any the Trust or Title of or to their Manors and Lands, and Judgment shall be given against such Person so claiming, he or they shall forfeit, to their Majesties, double Costs, for which Judgment shall be given. And it is Enacted, That every Person that shall set up any fraudulent Title, to be made by any the Persons intended to be attainted, or fraudulently claim any Debt, as owing from them, shall incur the Penalty of the Third Part of the Value of the Lands or Money, so claimed, one Moiety to their Majesties, the other to the Prosecutor that shall sue for the same: And, that if any Person shall discover any fraudulent Settlement, or Conveyance, made by such Person, as shall be attainted by this Act; such Person, so discovering, shall have, for Reward, the Value of the Fifth Part of the said Lands and Chattels, whereof such fraudulent Settlement or Conveyance was made."

3 Y At

Attainting several Persons*

Preferment of the Chaplain.

Prohibiting Trade with France,

370 ao° Angus li. . 1689.

At the End of the Bill, add the Clauses marked (G) (I).

Clause (G) is for charging the Estate of the Marquis of Powis withthe Payment of Three thousand Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, with Interest, from the Time the same has been paid to him; to be paid to Whitmore, Katherine Whitmore, Anne and Dorothy Whitmore, their

Executors and Assigns, Children of Wm. Whitmore, senior, of Balmes, in Com’ Middlesex, Esquire; the said Marquis

of Powis being one of his Trustees, and having received the said Money, in pursuance of the said Trust.

Clause (I) enacts, That no Person, being a Protestant, shall be subject to any Forfeiture, for or by reason of Absence out of the Kingdom of Ireland, without Licence or otherwise, at any time since the Fifth of November One thousand Six hundred Eighty-eight, for Non-payment of Relit, or any other Duty due to their Majesties, or the Crown, since the said Fifth of November, until the said Kingdom shall be reduced; but shall be absolutely discharged from all Relit and Duties so incurring.

Resolved, That an Application be made to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, That he will be pleased to give some Preferment to the Chaplain of the House, in Consideration of his Service and diligent Attendance here.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Mr. Meredith;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France; with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Amendments were all read the First time throughout; and are as follow eth;

I Skin, 20 Line, for " July," read " ."

31, for " Seven," read " Three."

32, for " July," read " August."

7 Skin, 5 Line, leave out from ,c whatsoever," to " and, " in the Five-and-twentieth Line of Ninth Skin.

9 Skin, 30 Line, for " Seven," read " Three."

32, for " Seven," read " Three."

10 Skin, 1, 2 Lines, leave out " except Prize Goods, as aforesaid."

II Line, leave out " except Prize Goods, as aforesaid."

13 Skin, 32 Line, after " being a," read " known Merchant, Vintners, or."

33, for " August," read " September."

14 Skin, 16, . . , for July," read " August."

17, for " Seven," read " Three."

19, for " Seven," read " Three."

16 Skin, 2 Line, for " July" read " August."

lo, leave out from " aforesaid," to " and, " in the Thirtieth Line.

17 Skin, 1 Line, for " July," read " August."

18 Skin, 22 Line, leave out from " the," to the Second Line " and, 7 in the Twenty-seventh Line; and add " Owners and Proprietors of the said Goods so imported."

21 Skin, 3 Line, for " August," read " September."

38 Line, leave out from " notwithstanding," to " provided," in the Eleventh Line of the Three-and-twentieth Skin.

23 Skin, 15 Line, for " August," read " September."

Line 17, for " August," read " September."

Line 20, for " August," read " September."

Line 30, leave out from " be," to " and, " in the Tenth Line of the l'our-and-twentieth Skin; and add " recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record, wherein no Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than One Imparlance."

24 Skin, 12 Line, for " August," read " September."

19 Line, leave out from " recovered," to the End of the Bill; and read " in any of such Courts, and in such Manner as aforesaid."

At the End of the Bill, add the Proviso marked (A);

" And, for Preventing of the Mischiefs which may be occasioned by the Sophisticating, Corrupting, and Adul-

terating of Wines, during such Time as they are, by this Act, allowed to be sold; Be it Enacted, That if any Merchant, Vintner, Wine Cooper, or other Person, selling Wine by Wholesale or Retale, shall corrupt, sophisticate, or adulterate any Wine, or shall utter or sell any Wine corrupted, sophisticated, or adulterated, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Three hundred Pounds for every such Offence; the one Moiety thereof, to their Majesties, and their Successors; and the other Moiety thereof, to such Person as shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and also shall suffer Imprisonment by the Space of Three Months, without Bail or Mainprize."

The First of the said Amendments were read the Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Amendment, Press 21, Line 38, was read a Second time:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the } 59-

Te,.ers for«heN°e4^f". }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the said Amendments w ere read a Second time, one after another; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamden do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House to the said Amendments.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- Address for dress be made to his Majesty, by such Members of this Trial of House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy c Council, That lie would be pleased to issue out a Commission of Oyer and Terminer, for the indicting such Persons as are now, or have been, in Rebellion against their Majesties, either in Ireland, or in any other Place, in order to their speedy Conviction.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the House do deliver back Papers to b« such Papers and Writings as he has in his Custody, con- returned, ceming the City of London.

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his Titu* Ote*. Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That his Majesty would be pleased to make some Allowance to Mr.

Otes, for his Maintenance.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, Royal Assent Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker and the House went to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to several publick Bills, and Two private Bills following; viz.

An Act for appropriating certain Duties for paying the States General of the United Provinces the Charges for his Majesty’s Expedition.

An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France.

An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

An additional Act, for the appointing Commissioners for the executing an Act of this present Parliament, intituled An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid -of Twelve-pence in the Pound for one Year, for the necessary Defence of their Realms.

An

Adjournment*

A Member

take* UUths.

Stockbridge

Writ.

Adjoum-

bkhU

Message to attend the King-

The King’s Speech*

1 W. M.

20° Jug — 20° — 19° Oct.

271

An Act for Relieving of the Protestant Irish Clergy.

An Act to repeal the Statute, made in the Fifth Year of King Henry the Fourth, against multiplying Gold and Silver.

An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the First Year of King James the First, concerning Tanned Leather.

An Act to enable TrOstees to grant Leases of the Estate of Richard Hele, Esquire.

An Act for enabling Hannah , Widow, and

Mary Batillhcy, alias Shirley, her Daughter, to settle,

and dispose of certain Lands and Tenements in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex.

And that afterwards the Lord Privy Seal spoke to this Effect; viz.

That it was his Majesty’s Pleasure, That both Houses Should severally adjourn themselves until the Twentieth Day of September next: But that his Majesty did not intend there Should be then a Session, unless some Emer-> gency of Affairs happened: But that such Members, as were in and about the Town, Should meet; and adjourn until Winter: And that when his Majesty intended there Should be a Session, he would give them Notice thereof by Proclamation.

And then the House adjourned until the Twentieth

Day of September next.

Veneris, 20° die

1° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

COLONEL Beaumont, Governor of Dover, being returned a Baron for the Port of Hastings, took the Oaths; and repeated and subscribed the Declaration or Test.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ for the Electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Mr. Oliver St. Johns, deceased.

Mr. Comptroller informed the House,. He had it in Command from his Majesty, to acquaint the House; That it was his Majesty’s Pleasure, That the House Should adjourn themselves till the Nineteenth Day of October next: And that his Majesty had directed him further to acquaint them, that he intended both Houses Should then continue to sit; and that he would issue a Proclamation, to give publick Notice thereof.

And then the House adjourned till the Nineteenth Day of October next accordingly, Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon.

Sabbati, 19° die Octobris; i* Gulielmi et Marine.

Prayers.

AMES SAGE from his Majesty, by Sir

Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, and the House, went to attend his Majesty: And, being returned,

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That his Majesty was pleased to make a Speech; and that he had obtained a Copy thereof: Which he read in the Chair; and is as followeth:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

THOUGH the last Sitting continued so long, that, perhaps, it might have been more agreeable to you, in relation to your private Concerns," not to have met Vot. X.

again so soon; yet, the Interest of the Publick lays an , indispensible Obligation upon Me, to call you together at this time. In your last Meeting, you gave Me so many Testimonies of your Affection* as well as. Confidence in ‘

Me, that I do not all question, but in this I shall-receive fresh Proofs of both.

I esteem it one of the greatest Misfortunes can be-, fall Me, that, in the Beginning of My Reign, I am forced to ask such large Supplies: Though I have this Satisfaction, that they are desired for no other Purposes but the carrying on those Wars, into which I entered with your Advice, and Assurance of your Assistance: Nor. can I doubt of the Blessing of God upon an Undertaking, wherein I did not engage out of a vain Ambition, but from the Necessity of opposing those, who have so visibly, discovered their Designs of destroying our Religion and Liberties.

It is well known, how far I have exposed Myself, to rescue this Nation from the Dangers that threatened, not only your Liberty, but the Protestant Religion in general; of which the Church of England is one of the greatest Supports; and for the Defence whereof I am ready again to venture My Life.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

That which I have to ask of you at present, is, That..... you think fit to give towards the Charges of the War, for this next Year, may be done without Delay: And there is one Reason, which more particularly obliges Me to press you to a speedy Determination in this Matter; because, this next Month, there is appointed, at the Hague, a General Meeting of the Ministers of all the Princes and States concerned in this War against France, in order to concert the Measures for the next Campaign: And, till I know your Intentions, I shall not only be Uncertain Myself, what Resolutions to take; but our Allies will be under the same Doubts, unless they see Me supported by your Assistance: Besides, If I know not in time, w'hat you w ill do, I cannot make such Provisions as will be requisite; but shall be exposed to the same Inconveniencies the next Year, which are the Cause, that the Preparations for This were neither so effectual, nor expeditious, as was necessary. The Charge will, also, be considerably lessened by giving time to provide Things in their proper Season, and w-ithout Confusion. I have no other Aim in This, but to be in a Condition to attack our Enemies in so vigorous a Manner, as, by the Help of God, in a little time, may bring us to a lasting and honourable Peace; by which My Subjects may be freed from the extraordinary Expences of a lingering War: And, that I can have no greater Satisfaction, than in contributing to their Ease, I hope I have already given Proof. That you may be satisfied how the Money has been laid out, which you have already given, I have directed the Accounts to be laid before you, when you think fit to call for them.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have one Thing more to recommend to you; which is, the Dispatch of a Bill of Indemnity; that the Minds of My good Subjects being quieted, we may all unanimously concur to promote the Welfare and Honour of the Kingdom.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the humble Thanks for Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, by such Speech. Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, and Mr. for his

gracious Speech this Day to both Houses.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to Lancaster the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ for the Writ-electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lancaster, in the room of Curwin Raw-linson, Esquire, deceased.

Several Members returned, took the Oaths, repeated Members and subscribed the Declaration, according to the Statutes uke for that Purpose*. .: . ‘

The

i71 21° — ^3° Octobns. A* io8p;

Tfc* House TKfe House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the dine with* the of London viere at the Door, desiring to speak with

Lord Mayor, th*®*» ' v

They were dalled in i And, being tome m to the Bar, they said, That die Lord Mayor, and Citizens of the City of London, do humbly pray, that The House will <to them the Honour to dine with them on the Lord

Resototed, That the Sheriffs of the City of London be tailed in; and acquainted, That the House doth accept of their Invitation, and gives them Thanks for it.

And then they came in: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution; and gave them the Thanks af the House accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 21* die

l* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

Cut Lundee’g A PETITION of Colonel Lundee was read; setting Petition. x\. forth, That the Petitioner, being informed of an

Address made by this House to his Majesty, to send him to Londonderry, representeth, That all the Witnesses, necessary for his Defence, are now in London: And whereas, though he could not be so fortunate to do his Majesty that good Service in his Post, as others; yet, his Majesty’s Affairs having not been prejudiced by his Miscarriage; he hopes he shall not be sent to a Place, where he cannot have the Benefit of such Testimony, as will be requisite to make his Innocence appear: And praying, if he may not have the Benefit of the intended Bill of Indemnity,

That he may receive his Tryal in England', and, above all, since this House has taken some Examination of the Matter, desires it may be in Parliament.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Mess

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; attend tl»

Mr. Speaker, King*

The King'comraands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

And accqrdingly, Mr. Speaker, and the House, went Parliament to attend his Majesty: Where the Lord Chief Baron ProroSuwl* Atkyns, Speaker of the House of Lords, by His Majesty's Command, declared his Majesty’s Pleasure, That this Parliament Should be prorogued until Wednesday next, being the Three-and-twentieth Instant: And prorogued the same until Wednesday next, accordingly.

Mercurii, 23° die Octobris;

Anno Regni Regis et Regime Gulielmi et Marias Priiho, Anno Domini 1689.

Prayers.

Mes*ge to A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas attend the Jt\^ Duppa Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

* Mr/Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker and the House went to attend his Majesty:

And being returned,

The King's Mr. Speaker reports, That he having, with the House, Speech. been to attend his Majesty; his Majesty was pleased to speak to this Effect; viz.

That, He having spoken so lately to them, He need not say any thing now; Matters not having been altered from what was then: And therefore referred to what He said last to both Houses, when he was at the House of Lords; and desired, That speedy Resolutions might be taken.

Then his Majesty’s Speech, the Nineteenth Instant, to both Houses, was read by Mr. Speaker, in the Chair.

Expences at A Bill to prevent Abuses, occasioned by excessive Ex-Elections. peaces at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

Grand Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do

Committee*. git every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Monday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee of Resolved, That a Committee of Elections and Privi-Yrivileges. leges be appointed of the Persons following; viz. Mr-Grey,\j3rdCornbury, Colonel Sir

Colonel Tipping, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Gerrard, Sir Wm. Ellis, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Gxeyn, Sir Fran. Russell, Sir Fran. Draket Sir

Lord Brandon, Major Wildman, Sir Wm.

Lord Marquis Winchester, Mr. Newport, Lord Wm. Paw-' let, Mr Coningsby, Lord Ranelagh, Sir

Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. Howe, Mr. Windham, Mr. Cheyne,

Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Phil. Foley, Sir John Knight, Mr. Babington, Mr. Manwareing, Sir Roger Twisden, Lord Norris, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Sir Wm. Poidtney, Mr. Done,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Nicolas, Sir Tho. son. Colonel Mildmay, Sir Edw. Sir

Hussey, Mr Fox, Sir Echo. Seymor, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Nap-per, Mr. Cory ton, Mr. Hawks, Sir Ch. Casar, Major Beake, Mr. Hanky, Sir Win.Williams, Mr. Williams,

Sir Math.Andrews, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Burrard, Sir Yorke, Eor&Falkland, Mr. Smith, SirWm. Ashurst, Sir Hen.

Capell, Mr Herbert, Sir Edw.Harley, Sir

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Tho. Foley: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Friday next, in the Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, at the Time and Place before-mentioned; and to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the first place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so in Fourteen Days after every new Return shall be brought in: And that all Members, upon Double Returns, do forbear to sit, till the Point of the Double Return is determined, unless they be returned in the several Indentures: And that all Persons who are so returned in the several Indentures, may sit: And the said Committee is impowered to send for Witnesses, Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by This-day-three-weeks, for which of the Places they will serve: Provided there be no Question, upon the Return for either Place: And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return,

- Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member of this Committee, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

A Petition of Humfry Courlny, Esquire, was read; Micheil setting forth. That the Petitioner is duly elected to serve Election, in Parliament for the Borough of Micheil in Cornwall, in the place of Charles Fanshaw, Esquire, by the Inhabitants of the Borough paying Scotland Lot, in whom the Right of Election is; and that, by Contrivance between Peter Champion, an Attorney, Steward of the Manor of 19 MicheRf

Printing the Votes.

The King s Speech tv be considered.

Call of the House.

Informations against Prisoners in the Tower.

The King’s

Speech

considered.

i W. & M. a 3° — 140 — 2 50 . 273

Michell, and one Francis Gtilly; a Return Vvas made to Allies Abroad, in a vigorous Prosecution of the War JVm. Bond, Esquire, Sheriff of Cornwall, by the said against France.

Francis Gully, in his own Name, as Portreve, and in the Resolved, That this House will

Name of all the Burgesses of that Borough, That they stand by and assist his Majesty in reducing Ireland, and had elected JVm. Cory ton, Esquire, a Burgess for the same joining, with his Allies abroad, in a vigorous Prosecution

Borough: Whereas the said Gully was not Portreve, but of the War against France. barely nominal, to serve a Turn: Nor was the said JVm.

Coryton elected, but the Petitioner; Mr. Coryton not A Motion being nlade for a Supply to he given to his Supply, having Four qualified Voices; whereof the Sheriff was Majesty; ,

well satisfied, and signed the Petitioners Indenture: But Resolved, Nemine That the House do,

Mr. Coryton s Return is made by the Under Sheriff, con- To-morrow-sevennight, at Ten of the Clock in the Fore-trary to the High Sheriff’s Order: And praying. That, noon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the undue Practices may be examined at the Bar of this to take into Consideration that Motion.

House; and that the undue Return may be discharged,

and the Petitioner admitted according to the Election Ordered, That Sir Henry Capell, one of the Commis- State of the and Return of the Burgesses of the said Borough. sioners of the Treasury, be desired to bring in an Ac- "ar 5

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- count of the Charge of the War for the last Year, sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Address to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, Majesty by such Members as are of his Majesty's most thereou-with their Opinions therein, to the House. honourable Privy Council; That he will please to direct.

That a State of the War, for the ensuing Year, be pre-Ordered, That the Votes of the House be printed. pared to be brought into this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do peruse the Votes of the House, and order the Printing of them. Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Bills depertd-

the Bills which were depending the last Session; and make jast Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning, their Report to the House. fce!:alo"‘

at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of And it is referred to Mr.. Lord Falkland,

the whole House, to take into Consideration his Majesty's Mr. Solicitor Genefal; Mr. Sir John Knight, Mr.

Speech. Paul Foley, Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. Parker, Mr. Done, Mr.

Honvard, Mr. Brereton, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon To- Christy, Sir Coltmel Sir Urn. JJ il-

morrow-sevennight. hams, Mr. England, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. or any

Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Aud then the House adjourned until Tomorrow Three of the Clock in the Speakers Chamber.

Morning, Nine of the Clock. Resolved, That the same Committee do prepare, Rights of tLe

and bring in a Bill for establishing the Rights of the Subject-Subject.

Resolved, That the House do now adjourn till To- Adjoum-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock. menu

Jot is, 24® die Octobris; i° Gulielmi et Mari*.

Prayers.

ESOLVED, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journals of the last Session of Parliament, in relation to the Informations given in against the Prisoners in the Tower; and to make their Report Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the same Committee do examine, What Precedents there are of Commitments by Authority of this House; and make Report Tomorrow Morning.

And it is referred unto Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. Russell, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Grey, Alajor Sir Tho. Lee,

Mr. Smith, Sir Hen.Capell, Mr. Lord Falkland,

Mr . Garway, Mr. Finch, Sir Edxv. Mr.

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Christy, Air.Go Air.

Air. Solicitor General, Mr. G Sir Rob. Howard, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Phil.Foley, Sir Temple, Air.

Slockdale, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Hen. Hobart, Sir Tho. Barnadiston, Mr. England, Lord Sir John

Browntuu'; or any Three of them: And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they examine into the Informations given against any other Persons in Custody elsewhere than in the Tower: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Then the House, according to the Order of Yesterday, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration his Majesty’s Speech.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air ..Hamdenreports from the Committee of the whole

House, That they, having taken into Consideration his Majesty’s Speech, had directed him to move the House, That the House will resolve to stand by and assist his Majesty in reducing Ireland, and joining with, his Vol, X.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow^ Alorning, Nine a Clock accordingly.

Veneris, 25° die Octobris;

l® Gulielmi et Atari*.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Joseph Herne, Esquire, was read; Danmoiti setting forth, That Charles Boone, Esquire, late Election. Alember of this House for the Borough of Clif ton Dartmouth, dying the Tw elfth of August last, the Fourteenth of the same Alonth this House ordered a new Writ to issue; and accordingly it issued the Sixteenth of the same Alonth; and that the Petitioner, and Geo. Booth, Fsquire, stood Candidates for Burgesses for the said Town; and the Petitioner was duly elected by a great Majority of the legal Freemen thereof; and accordingly returned by the Bailiff and Burgesses of the said Borough: But one Mr. row, as Mayor of the said Town, though not legally chosen, hath taken upon him illegally to make Twenty-five new Freemen, after the Date of the Writ; and, by these new pretended Freemen, and some of the former Freemens Election (he having the Possession of the Writ), hath therewith returned Mr. Booth, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises; and that a speedy Day be appointed for the Hearing of this Aiatter.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Aiatter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

, _ Westminster

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Bill for &c. c ourts oi erecting Courts of Conscience in the City of Conscience.

3 Z ' Borough

r

*74

Borough of Southzcffrke, the Totter Hamlets, and Parishes within the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

2 5* Octobris.

A. 1689.

Out

Ordered, That JLeave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience in the City of Norxcich.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience in the Town

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Confirmation of the Charters of the Two Lrniversifies, and the several Colleges and Halls within the U nivqrsities.

Dr. Birch to Ordered, That Dr. Birch be desired to preach before fithNoy11 House, at St. Margaret's Westminster, the Fifth Day

of November next.: And that Sir Thomas Clarges acquaint him therewith.

Norwich Court of Censcieuee.

Colchester Court of Conscience.

Recovery of Tythes.

University

Charters.

Expences at Elections.

Informations against Prisoners in the 'lower, &c.

Resolved, That the Bill to prevent Abuses in excessive Expences in Election of Members to serve in Parliament, be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Reynell, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Done, Sir Cha. Bloys,

Sir Tho. Middleton, Sir John Barker, Sir Gilbert

Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Eldj'ed, Mr. Christy, Sir And rexes, Colonel Austen, Mr. Han Mr. Mr.

Grey, Major Wildman, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Colonel Mildmay, Sir JVm. Cooke, Sir Edxc. Mr.

Smith, Mr. Foley, Sir Era.Gibbon, Mr. Sir

Russell, Lord Falkland, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Leveson Goxore, Sir Patience Sir Wm. Ellis, Sir

Walter Young, Mr. Weston, Mr. Thurborne, Mr. Robinson, Major Beake, Mr. Thondiaxv, Sir Cha. And all

that come are to have Votes: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Major Wildmanreports from the Committee to whom

it was referred to inspect the Journals of the last Sessions of Parliament, in relation to the Informations given in against the Prisoners in the T; and also to examine, What Precedents there are of Commitments by Authority of this House; and also to examine into the Informations given against any other Persons in Custody elsewhere than in the Toxcer; That the Committee have inspected the Journals of the last Sessions of Parliament accordingly; And that the Committee had directed him to make a Report thereof: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee hath inspected the Journals accordingly; and find, That there was a Report made to this House the Three-and-twentieth of May last past concerning divers of them.

li As to Mr. Burton and Mr. , That it did

appear to the Committee, by several Examinations, That they had severally and jointly prosecuted, and maliciously vexed, the Subjects, contrary to the known Laws of the Kingdom, wherein they had practised Packing and Im-bracery of Juries, as in the Cases of the late Lord Russell, Alger noon Sidney, Esquire, and others: And that they had divided amongst the Juries of Middlesex, in criminal Cases, contrary to Law, several Sums of Money, and given them great Entertainments, to persuade them to execute their evil Purposes against divers innocent Subjects.

That they did, severally and jointly with the Concurrence and Assistance of the Earl o Sir

Le Strange, and others, tamper with several Persons to become Witnesses in criminal Cases, to make them swear what had been prepared in Writing for them beyond the Seas, by the Enemies of the Protestant Religion, and our Laws.

That they undertook, at the then King’s Charge, to defend Sir John Mcore, and others, against the Earl of

id

Macklesfcild, and divers others, against the lawful Suits of their Fellow Subjects for Money and Injuries, and Damages done to them in the Favour and Prosecutions of the Designs of the late King to introduce Popery and arbitrary Power.

That they had solicited some in Prison to become also Witnesses against divers innocent Subjects, and to promise Four hundred Pounds per Annum to one then in to accuse innocent Persons of High Treason, and to threaten close Imprisonment if denied: And accordingly, one Mr. Crag, refusing their Temptations, was kept close Prisoner in Nexcgate, without Eire or Candle, Forty Weeks, until he was very near perishing.

That the Committee find it was reported to the House, as the Opinion of the then Committee upon severalExa-mirrations, That the said Mr. Graham and Mr. Burton had severally and jointly, by their malicious Indictments, Informations, and Prosecutions of Quo Warrant os, openly endeavoured the Subversion of the Protestant Religion, and the Government of this Realm, and wasted many Thousand Pounds of the publick Revenue thereof in their undue Prosecutions and Solicitations.

That the Committee also inquired into the Case of Sir Thomas Jenner, Knight, late one #: And it was manifest, That the said Sir Thomas Jenner joined with the other Judges, in declaring the King’s Power to dispense with the Laws made for the Kingdom’s Security; and that he was a Commissioner in the Fifth Commission of Clauses Ecclesiastical; and sat and acted in Execution of those Powers; and took upon him to be one of those Three that were authorized, by the said Fifth Commission, to visit St. Mary Magdalen's College in; and, in

Contempt of the known Laws of the Realm, committed most notorious Oftences, in expelling the President and Fellows of the said College from their Freehold, and entering upon their Possessions by open and notorious Force and Violence; and afterwards joined in a Decree at London, to make them for ever incapable of having any Preferments or Benefices Spiritual, and of using their Functions: All which, the Committee conceives, do apparently involve the said Sir Thomas Jenner in the Subversion, of the Laws and Government of this Kingdom.

That the Committee think it not necessary to report the Case of George late Lord Jeffry and of the late Lord Chief Justice Wright, they being dead since the Matter was committed to the Committee in the last Session of Parliament; and have not time to look into the Cases of James Earl of Salisbury, Henry Earl of Peterborow, Sir Edward Hales, Obadiah Walker, and many others, first committed for High Treason, in being reconciled to the See of Rome.

Major Wildman also reports, That the Committee had’

made as much Examination into what Precedents there are of Commitments, by Authority of the House, as the Shortness of the Time would permit, And that they da find several Cases of Commitments, and Things of that Nature; as particularly,

Mitchell's Case i° Jac. Iml.

Levett's Case, 19 Jac.

Sir John Barnet’s Case.

The Case of the Light Houses.

Sir Fran.Mitchell's Case.

Sir James Smith's Case, and others; viz.

The Case of the Judges of King Charles the First, 14 May 1660.

Of Thurlcrw, 15 May, 1660.

Goods seized by the Serjeant. 16 May 1660.

The Lords Answer upon a Conference, 21 1660.

The Case of Milton, 16 Junii 1660.

The Serjeant delivered his Prisoners to the Tower, 25° Aug. 1660.

The Case of Fox, 30 Aug. 1660.

Of the Transporters of Wool, 90 Noverti. 1660.

Oi Philips, 130 Novem. 1660.

Of Commissioner Pelt, 31 Oct. 19 Car. 1660.

All which Cases, in the Journals of 1660, and 19 Car. II, were read.

And

Persons ordered into £uslody.

SirT. Jennrr.

Burton and Graham.

Bankrupts.

Bills depending last Session.

Westminster

Paving.

Prisoners in Ihe Tower brought up in custody.

W.& M.

2$° — -26"- — 28°

*75

And the House being informed, that several of the Prisoners in the Tower were now bailing in the Court of King's Bench, being brought thither by the Governor of the Tower ,by virtue of a Habeas Corpus aw arded for that Purpose; particularly Sir Thomas Jemier, Mr. Richard Graham, and Mr. Philip Burton.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Jenner, Mr. Richard Graham, and Mr.. Philip Burton, be immediately brought to this House, by the Governor of the Tower; to answer such Matters as shall be objected against them.

And Mr. Speaker issued his Warrant accordingly: And the same was sent by the Serjeant at Arms attending the House.

Afterwards, the Serjeant acquainted the House, That Sir Thomas Jenner was bailed and gone out of Court; and that Mr. Graham was bailing in the Court; and that, notwithstanding, he had delivered the W’arrant to the Governor of the Towerand that he was coming with Mr. Graham and Mr. Burton.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Je/merbsent for in Custody

of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer to such Matters as shall be objected against him.

The House being informed, that Mr. Burton and Mr. Graham were at the Door;

They were severally called in to the Bar of the House; and charged with the several Matters mentioned in the said Report; and heard what they could say touching the same.

And being withdrawn;

Ordered, That Mr. Rich. Graham, and Mr. Philip Burton be committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for several High Crimes and Misdemeanors objected against them.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine Witnesses against Mr. Graham and Mr. Burton, and to prepare a Charge against them.

And it is referred to Major Wildman. Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Wm. Williams, Sir Blake, Sir Wm.Ashurst, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. , Sir

Rob. Rich, Sir Wm. Poultncy, Colonel Mr.

Mamcareing, Lord Pawlel, Sir Tho. Bloys, Mr. Gar way, Mr. Burrard, Sir John Barker, Sir Walter Sir

John Knatchbull, Sir Tho. , Mr. Smith, Sir

Rob. Sawyer, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sir

Tho. Barnadiston, Lord Colchester, Sir Math.

Mr. Thomhaw, Mr. Coningsby, Mr. Harley; or any Three of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sabbati, 26° die Octobris; i° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill touching a Disposition of Bankrupts Estates.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect the Bills depending the last Session of Parliament be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the paving and cleansing the Streets of Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and other Parishes within the Weekly Bills of Alortality, exclusive of the City of London.

' The House being informed, that the Earl of maine, Sir Edward Hales, Cl Hales, Esquire, and Obadiah Walker, Prisoners in the Tower, were brought to the King's Bench, by the Governor of the Tower, by virtue of Habeas Corporas, in order to their Bailing;

Ordered, That a Warrant be sent to the Governor of the Tower, to bring immediately before this House the Earl of Castlemaine, Sir Edward Hides, Charles Hales,

Esquire, and Obadiah Walker; to answer to such Alat-ters as shall be charged against them.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker issued his Wahrant: And the same was sent by the Serjeant.

Vol. X. v

Resolved, That an Impeachment of High Treason be i?ar]s of sent to the Lords, against the Earl of Salisbury and Earl lishury and of Peterborow, for departing from their Allegiance, and Peterborow’*

being reconciled to the Church of R.n"’[^dC

Ordered, That Air. Foley do go up to the Lords; and at their Bar, in the Name of the House of Commons, and all the Commons of England, impeach the Earl of Salisbury, and the Earl of Peterborow, of High Treason, in departing from their- Allegiance, and being reconciled to the Church of Rome; and acquaint them, That this House will send them f urther Articles against them in convenient Time; and to desire that they may be committed.

The Serjeant at Anns acquaints the House, That the Orders touch* ’Deputy Governor of the Tower informed him, That the ing other Earl of Castlemaine was not brought from the Tower, 1>ri!0ners‘ having not moved for his Habeas Corpus; but that, the Deputy Governor had brought Sir Edward Hales, Air.

Charles Hales, and Obadiah Walker; and that they at* tended at the Door.

Air. Foley reports, That he had been, according to the Order of the House, at the Bar of the House of Lords; and impeached the Earl of Salisbury, and the Earl of Peterborow; and desired, that they might be committed: The Lords gave Answer, That they would consider thereof; and send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Then Sir Edward Hales and Mr. Charles Hales, and Obadiah Walker, were severally brought in to the Bar; and heard what they could say to the Matters they were severally charged withal.

And being withdrawn;

Ordered, That Sir Edw.Hales and Obadiah Walker be charged in the Tower, by Warrant from this House, for High Treason, in being reconciled to the Church of Rome, and other High Crimes and Alisdeineanors, wherewith they are charged by this House.

Ordered, That Air. Cha. Hales be discharged from any further Attendance upon this House.

Ordered, That a W’arrant be sent to the Governor of the Toiler, to bring the Earl of Castlemaine before this House upon Monday Alorning next; to answer to such Alatters as shall be charged against him.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Jenner, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be brought to the Bar of this House on Monday Alorning next.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, for inflicting Pains pm of and Penalties upon such Persons as have been the Occa- Pains and sion of the violating the Laws and Liberties in the Two Penalties.] late Reigns.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare and being in the said Bill.

A Debate arising touching the Number of Persons to be mentioned in the Bill lor Pains and Penalties;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke, &nd Message Sir Adam Otley; touching

Air. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That the Lords have committed the Lords. ttC Earl of Peterborough to the Toner of London; and that the Earl of Salisbuiy being already a Prisoner in the said Tower, their Lordships have ordered him to be brought to the Bar of their House on Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

Lance, 28* die Octobj I. Gulielmi et Alarias.

Prayers.

A BILL for erecting a Court of Conscience for the Westminster, City of 'Westminster, Borough of Southwarke, &c. Courts of

Tower Hamlets, and Out Parishes within the W eekly c’onscienc*. Bills of Alortality, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition

tockbridgfc

Election.

Ditto.

Earl of

Casllemaine

commuted.

Message touching commitment of Earl Salisbury.

Charges against Sir T. Jenner.

fiaflofCastle-maine’s imprisonment.

2^6

28° — 30® Octobris*

A. 1689.

A Petition of Wm. Strode, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That, upon the Death of Oliver St. John, Esquire, who lately served in this Parliament for the Borough of

Stockbridge in the County of Southampton, a Writ did lately issue for electing another Member there; and that Twenty-sixth September last was the Day for the Election; and the Persons in Nomination were JVm. Montague, Esquire, and the Petitioner: That the Petitioner was then duly elected by the Majority of the legal Electors: Yet the said Wm. Montague, by undue Practices, prevailed with Richard Hews, Constable or Bailiff’ of the Borough, to return the said Montague as duly elected; whereas he was not; and whereby the Petitioner is deprived of his Right in Sitting in this House: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of JVm.Reeves, and others, Burgesses of Stockbridge in the County of Southampton, was read; setting forth, That Stockbridge is a Borough by Prescription; and hath Right to send Two Burgesses to Parliament: That Oliver St.Johns, Esquire, one or the Members of the said Borough, being lately dead, and a Precept directed to the Bailiff, for electing another Member, the Twenty-sixth Day of September was the Day appointed for the Election; when Strode, Esquire, was duly chosen by tire Majority of the Electors: But JVm. Montague, Esquire, and Richard liars the Bailiff by Bribery, and other undue Practices, prevailed with some of the Electors to vote for the said Montague, whom the Bailiff’ hath returned in prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petitioner be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The House being informed, that the Governor of the Tower had brought up the Earl of; and that

they attended at the Door;

The Earl was brought in to the Bar; and heard what he could say to the Matters he was charged withal.

And being withdrawn;

Ordered, That the Earl of Castlemainc be charged in the Tower, by Warrant from this House, for High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved That there be inserted, in the said Warrant, these Words, " in endeavouring to reconcile tills Kingdom to the See of Rome."

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir James Astry;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That they have committed the Earl of Salisbury to the Tower.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that the Serjeant had brought up Sir Thomas Jennerand that he attended at the Door;

He was brought in to the Bar; and charged with such Things as the House had been informed of concerning him; and he desiring Time to answer thereunto.

And then withdrew,

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Jenner have Time, till this-day-sevennight, to answer to such Matters as he was this Day charged withal by this House: And that, in the mean time he do continue in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

And he being called in again; Mr. Speaker acquainted him therewith.

He w'as brought in to the Bar accordingly: Where he desired, That he might have the Liberty of the Tower, and of his Servants, and others, to come to him; and not be confined close Prisoner, as Orders were of late given he, and other Prisoners there, Should he.

And being withdrawn;

And a Debate arising in the House, touching the close Abuses oflm-Confinement and ill Usage of Prisoners in Now gate, and l,‘lSoliment several other Prisons, by the Gaolers;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Imprisonment of the Subject.

And it is referred to Mr. Howies, Mr. Arnold, Sir JVm. Williams, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Sir John

Batdcs, Mr. Palmes, Colonel Birch, Sir Rob. Cotton,

Mr. Paul Foley, Lord Brandon, Sir P b. Clayton, Mr.

Sachevcrtll, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr Mr. Grey, Sir Jos. Tredenham; or any Three of them: And it is recommended to Sir Thomas Zee, and Mr. Hawles to take care of the Matter.

Resolved, That it be referred to the same Conurfittee, to examine into the Abuses committed by Gaolers to their Prisoners; and report the same to the House: And they are to meet at rlhree of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That Mr. Attorney General be ordered to prosecute Mr. Richardson, the Keeper of- Newgate, for his illegal Usage of several of the King's Subjects, during their Imprisonment.

Mr. Hamden acquaints the House, That he, with Answer to others of his Majesty's Privy Council, had attended his Address. Majesty with the Address of this House, That his Majesty would be pleased to direct, that a State of the War for the ensuing Year be prepared to be brought into this Hoi ise: And that his Majesty was pleased to say, it Should he done; and it was preparing.

Sir Robert Clayton acquaints the House, That the City The House to of Lomion had considered of a Way for the House to go go to Dinner to Dinner into Guildhall Tomorrow, without Crowding CJuiiahalt

or Disturbance; viz.through St. La Church: And therefore desired them to repair thither, accordingly.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, touching the Rill of Number of Persons to be mentioned in the Bill of Pains l>a"18 and Penalties, be resumed upon Wednesday Morning Penall'es* next, at Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of Martin Ryder, Esquire, was read; set- Plymouth ting forth, That the Petitioner being duly elect id for the ^ect*on* Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon, in the room of Arthur Earl of Torrington, by the Majority of Electors polled, and allowed by JVm. Symonds, Esquire, then Mayor of the Borough; yet, that the said Mayor hath returned the honoui-able John Esquire, in

Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Merits of the said Election into their Consideration; and to appoint a Day for the Hearing the same, and giving Redress therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration.....of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mcrcurii, 30* die;

1* Gulielmi et Marite.

Prayers.

A BIL L for the better Disposition of Bankrupts Es- Baakrupt*. 1jL tates W'as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that the Earl of Castle- Mr. Foley reports from the Committee to whom it nights of the inainedesired to be admitted to say something further was referred to prepare ami bring in a Bill for the esta-. Subject, to the House; Wishing the Rights of the Subject, That they had

-0 prepared

Recovery of Tythes, &c.

Restoring

Corporations.

Complaint concerning Colston, &c.

East India Company.

Oaths of Allegiance, &c.

w.& m.

300- — 3 r° Octobris.

477

prepared a Bill accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, and Repair of Churches, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for Restoring and Confirming of Corporations.

And it is referred unto Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir JWyn, Mr. Sir Walter Young, Sir John KnaSir Fran. Drake, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Colonel Birch,

Sir John Trevor, Major Wildman, Mr. Sir Tho-

mas Bloys, Mr. Christy, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Miller, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir John Knight, Mr. Finch, Sir Math. Andrews,

Mr. Hawles, Colonel Whitley, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr.'

Coni/igsby, Mr. Fuller, Sir Wm.Ellis, Sir Charles Casar,

Major Wildman, Mr. Gray; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Elis. Martha, Grace, and Sarah Colston, Daughters of John Colston, late of the Island of Helena,

was read; setting forth, That John Colston, the Petitioners said Father, resided several Years in the said Island; and by his Industry there, made a comfortable Provision for his Family: And that, in 1685, the Managers of the East India Company procured a Commission to try the Petitioners said Father, with sundry others, by a Court Martial, for a pretended Rebellion: And accordingly Sir John Weyborne, who brought out the Commission, toge-

ther with Major Blaclanore, the Governor, with other their Associates, presumed to try and condemn to Death the Petitioners said Father; who they cruelly executed the Three-and-twentieth of November 1685: -And that, after they had thus taken away the Petitioners Father’s Life, they seized his Estate, and thereby reduced his Widow, with Seven Children, to great Distress and Misery: And praying their Case may be heard, that those who have been instrumental in shedding the Blood of the Petitioners Father, may be brought to Justice; and that such Restitution and Satisfaction may be made to their distressed Mother, as to the Wisdom of the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, This day-sevennight, at Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the East India Trade; and how it may be managed to the best Advantage of the Nation.

And it is referred to Sir Math. Mr. Sache-

rerell, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Garroay, Sir Robert Rich, Mr.

Johnson, Colonel Tipping, Sir Philip Gcll, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Grey, Sir Walt. Young, Major Sir

Rob. Davers, Colonel Birch, Sir Colonel

Sackvile, Mr. Pitts, Sir Fra. Drake, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Onslone, Sir Fran. Drake, Mr. Christy, Colonel Austen, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Rowe, Mr. Pollexfen, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Sherrard, Sir Fra. Guibon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Leveson Gowre, Sir John Colton, Mr. Smith, Sir Cha. Caesar, Mr. Montague, Mr. Coningsby, Sir John Knight, Sir Ralph Dutton, and all the Members of the House that serve for the Sea Ports: And all that come to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Queen’s Court: And they are impowered to send for, Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a Bill be brought in for the better Securing of the Government, by more effectual enjoining the Tendering and taking of the Oaths which are appointed in the room of the late Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

Vol. X.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Clarges, Sir Fran. Russell, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Coningsby, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Smith, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Paul Foley, Major Wildman, Lord Marquis Winton, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Hawles, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Fra. Blake, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir John Thomson, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Faux,

Mr. England, Mr. Papillion, or any Three of them, to prepare the Bill with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in to attaint all such Persons as are in Rebellion against their Majesties. Rebellion, And it is referred unto Mr. Smith, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr.

Garwoy, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Paul Foley, or any Three of them, to prepare the Bill with all convenient Speed.

Jovis, 31° die Octobris', i° Gulielmi et Marias.

Pr

AYERS.

f \RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Greenwich for erecting a Court of Conscience at Greenwich, 90ul t of and the neighbouring Towns. Consaence.

Ordered, That every Knight of a Shire do pay Ten Contribu-Shillings, and every other Member of the House do pay V?ns Five Shillings; and that all Defaulters, upon Calling-over em ers" the House, do pay double; to be distributed among the Officers of the House, by Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to examine Graham and Witnesses, and prepare a Charge against Mr. Graham Burton-and Mr. Burton, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was Called-over: And such as made De- Call of the fault to appear, upon their Names being called, accord- H°use* ing to the Book of Returns, were noted down.

Ordered, That all such Members, who were absent this Day upon the Calling-over the House, do attend upon A/ontfay-next-come-sevennight; or else, that they be proceeded against by the House.

A Bill for establishing the Rights of the Subject, was Rights of the read the Second time. Subject.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

And it being proposed, that the Blank, which is in the Bill, Folio 17, Line 7, be filled up with these Words,

" Three-and-twentieth Day of October, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-nine

These Words were twice read; and agreed unto by the House: And the Blank filled up at the Table, accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that one Wm. Aden, and Privileg*. Dutton Seyman his Attorney, had caused the Servant of Edw. Montague, Esquire, a Member of this House, and one whom the said Mr. Montague affirmed to be his Bailiff, and to whom he paid yearly Wages, to be arrested by James Witham, a Bailiff, notwithstanding the said Mr.

Montague had given Notice, that such Person was his Servant; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Wm. Allen, Dutton Seaman, and James Witham, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer for such their Breach of Privilege.

A Petition of Sir John Storehouse, Baronet, was read; Abingdo* setting fdrth, That, One-and-twentieth Day of May last, Elwtiop.

4 A the

Witnesses to be summoned

Westminster, See Courts of Conscience.

Supply.

War

Expence*

278 31° Octobris. — -1

the Petitioner was duly elected Burgess for the Borough of Abingdon, by the Majority of Votes, and ought to

have been returned; but that, nevertheless, the Mayor of the said Borough, m Breach of his Trust, refused to return him; but hath returned South by, Esquire:

And praying the Consideration Of the House in the Pre-> mises: and that a Short Day may be appointed for the hearing and determining the Merits of the Said Election.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till To-UiOfrOW MOming, Niue a Clock.

Vtnetis, 1* die;

1* Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

flRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant for the summoning Witnesses to attend at the hearing the Matter upon the Petition of Elis. Martha, and Grace, and Sarah Colson, at the Bar of this House, upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Petition of the Lady Rachel Russell, was read; setting forth. That the Petitioner is seized of the Manors of St. Giles's and Bhotnsberry ih Coni to the

Courts of which Manors the Tenants and Inhabitants, residing within the samb, owe, by their Tenure, Suit and

Service 3 frotn whence divert Profits and Advantages do accrue to the Petitioner; And that she is informed there is a Bill depending in this House, erecting a Court of Conscience within the Precincts of hdr 6aid Manors: And that she believes, and i& advised, that If the Same be erected, will very much lessen, if not totally take away, the Profits arising from her said Courts, and the Suit of her said Tenants: And that it is not agreeable with the Justice of the House, to prejudice or dispose of any Subject’s Estate, without consent or Hearing the same: And praying to be heard at the BaT, to Shew Cause, Why the said BID Should not paSS.

Ordered, That the Said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That Mr. Attorney General do, upon Thursday next, bring in a Bill of Indemnity.

Then the Order of the Twenty-fourth Day of October last, for the House to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion then made for a Supply to be given to his Majesty, was read.

Aiid Sir Henry Capell presented to the House, Two Accounts of the Monies arising by the Revenue, and of the Monies issued thereout by way of Imprest; viz. One from the Twenty-eighth of December 1688, to the Twenty-fourth of Jane 1689; The other frotn the Twenty-foutth of Jutic to the Twenty-hinth of September 1689.

And the Earl of Rondagh presented to the House, the State of the War for the ensuing Year, as to the Land Forces; vie.

For the English Fortes in England:

For the Dutch Forces in England:

For the English Forces in Holland; and

For the Forces in Ireland:

All which, he said, he delivered by his Majesty’s Command.

And Sir Thumbs Lee preSehted to the House, a State of the Navy for the ensuing Year.

And Sir Henry Goodrich presented to the HbbSe, a State as to the Oninance.

All which States, or Accomptt, Were tead.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the EkpenceS of the Wat the last Year; and to make their Report to tite House.

25

1° Novembris. 1689.

And it is referred to Sir Edw. Seynurr, Colonel Austenf Mr. Sacheoerell, Sir John Knight, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr/ Goddlphin, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Wm. Poultney, Sir Hen. John*

son, Mr. Grey, Mr. Ellwell, Colonel Mr<

Blowfeild, Mr. Gat away, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir Rob. Daveys, Mr. Palmes, Colonel Cornwall, Sir Jos. enham, Mr. Papillion, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Ward, Mr. Smith, Sir Rog. Mr. Done, Lord

Falkland, Sir Edw. Harley, Sir Rob. Cotton, Colonel Birch, Mr. Neuport, Sir Ralph Carre, Mr. Pitts, Lord Ratitlagh, Marquis Winchester, Sir John Barker, Mr. Fuller, Sir Wm.Ellis, Sir WYorke, Lord Brandon,

Colonel Austen, Mr. Hen. He, Sir Fran. Drake, Sir

John Guise, Mr. How, Lord Coote, Mr. Ellwell, Sir Trevor, Mr. Coningsby, Sir Wm. Poultney, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Tho. Bamadiston, Mr. Hamden, Sir Rob. Rich, Sit Henry Coped, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, Nemine ctnittadicente, That a Committee be appointed to examine, By what means the Intelligence came to be given to their Majesties Enemies, concerning the several Stations of Winter Guards of their Majesties Navy; and likewise into the Miscarriages in the Victualing of the Navy; and the Transportation of the Arifiy; and all other Things relating to the War, both by Sea and Land, the last Year.

And it is referred unto Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. rard, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Ralph Dutton, Colonel Austen, Sir Tho. Middleton, Mr. Gotvre, Sir Wm

Honeywood, Sir John KnatchbMr. Fenwick, Mr.

Howies, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sacheve, Lord , Sir

Edw. Seymor, Sir Cha. BJoys, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John

Guise, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Tredenkam, Sir Fra. Blake, Sir Pat. Ward, Mr. Serjeant Mr.

Foley, Marquis Winchester, Mr. Hawtry, Major Manley,

Sir Algemoon May, Mr. Gwy Mr. Arnold, Sir John Austin, Mr. Palmes, Sir Rich. Onslow, Lord Falkland,

Sir Rob. Clayton, Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Gray,

Sir Rt>g. Twisden, Mr. Coningsby, Mr. Ellwell, Lord Norreis, Sir Fran. Russell, Sir Rob. Cotton, Major Wild-man, Lord Pawlett, Sir Phil. Ge/i, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Boscowen, Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr. Done, Sir John Man-soaring, Mr. Roberts, Sir Wm. Cooper, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Colonel Birch, Sir John Knight, Mr. England, Mr. Baldwyn: And they ate to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Duchy Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sabbuti, 2* die

1* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to Berve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of Southampton, in the room of Rick. Brett, Esquire, deceased.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes. anti Repair of Churches, was read the Second time.

RtSolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Christy, Sit Fra. Russell, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Wm. Yorke, Mr. Coningsby, Major Manley, Sir Gilbert Clarke, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Helyet, Sir Phil. Sir John

Mr. Smith, Mf. Gwyn, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Colonel Birth, Sir Cha. Ploys, Sir Fra. Mr. Norreis,

Colonel JYhitley, Sir Wm. Poultny, Mr. Parker, Mr. Thomehaugh, Sir Wm. Cocke, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Thom. Bamadiston, Sir Rob.

Sir Edw. Aischough, Mr. Papillion, Lord Castleton, Sir

Thtim. Li'ttleton, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Mr. Fenwick, Mr.

Stevens, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Wm. Ellis; And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved,

Miscarriages of the War.

Southampton

Writ.

Recovery of Tythes.

State of the Nation.

Supply,

Ways and Means,

Committees.

Hastings

Election.

Privilege.

PrmW<*# Ferine _ on for D^char^e.

iW.£j?M. 2° — 40 — 6‘ Novembris. 379

Resolved, That the Hou6« do, on Wednesday next, at ’Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the State of the Nation.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Twenty-fourth Day of October last, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a Motion made for a Supply to be given to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee having taken into Consideration the Motion for a Supply to be given to their Majesties for the Reducing of Ireland, and joining, this ensuing Year with their Majesties Allies abroad, in a vigorous Prosecution of the War against France both by Sea and Land, is of Opinion, That for those Purposes, a Sup-pty be given to their Majesties, not exceeding the Sum of Two Millions to be added to the public Revenue.

The which Resolution being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicenie, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That for the Reducing of Ireland, and joining, this ensuing Year, with their Allies abroad, in a vigorous prosecution of the War against

France, both by Sea and Land, a Supply be given to their Majesties, not exceeding the Sum of Two Millions to be added to the publick Revenue.

Resolved, That the House do, on Monday Morning next, at Tea of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Way to raise the said Supply.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Dunce, 4* die Novembris; i* Gulielmi Mari®.

PRAYERS.

A PETITION of Peter Got I, Esquire, was read;

setting forth, That upon the Vacancy of a Baron for the Port of Hastings, the Petitioner stood Candidate to be elected there; and accordingly was chc*e by several of the Electors; and would have been by more, had due Notice been given, and fair Usage had: And the Petitioner ought to have been returned; but that Colonel Beaumont being Governor, or Lieutenant to the Governor of Dover Castle, and to whom the Writ was directed, hath returned himself, though not regularly chosen, nor was he capable of being chosen, being the Officer who had the Execution of the Writ: Whereby, and by several other irregular Proceedings, the Petitioner conceives the said Colonel Beaumont ought not to serve fora Baron of the said Port, but the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the said Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And they are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The House being informed, that Richard Tayler and Wm. Woodland had arrested a Servant of Hen. Bull, Esquire, a Member of this House; and that they being told thereof, they used contemptuous Words, both against this House, and Against the said Mr. Bull; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Richard Tayler and Wm. Woodland be sent lor in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer for such their Breach of Privilege.

A Petition of Dutton Seaman, Wm. Allen and James Wiiham, was read; setting forth. That the Petitioner Allen having an Interest byan Under Lease, at the Relit of Thirty Pounds per Annum, holdeo from the Lessee of the Earl of V« A. X.

Warwick and Holland, of certain Grotrnd i» Cloth Fair, upon which the Petitioner had laid out above Three hundred Pounds in building; and there being a Passage through an Alehouse, Part of the Premises, which is since converted in Warehouses; the Petitioner was advised, the Passage through his ow n House might be stopt; did accordingly stop up both his Doors: Whereupon one Samuel Ford, a Coffeeman, being employed as a Bailiff to the Earl of Warwick, coming to the Premises, and breaking open the Doors and taking away the Bolts and Locks, the Petitioner AUen employed the Petitioner Dutton Seaman to be his Attorney, to bring an Action of Trespass against Ford, and one Neu stead a Smith, that helped to break open the said Doors: Which coming to be tried in Trinity Term last, by a Defect of a View by the Jury not seeing both the Entries, a Verdict passed, for both the Defendants: That the Petitioner moved the Court of King's Bench, on W ednesdaylast, for a new Tryal; which

was not granted, but he was left to the Liberty of a New Action: And that he then employed the said Mr. Seaman to take out anew Writ ft gainst Ford and Neustead; and the Petitioner Witham arrested them Yesterday; but discharged them again in a few hours, without Bail: That the Petitioner Seaman is ready to depose, on Oath, That he knew' not, that the said Ford or were protected by Mr. Montague, a Member of this House; nor ever heard they were his Servants, or that he hath any Right in the Premises, but as Guardian to the Earl of Warwick:

And the Petitioners being notwithstanding taken into Custody for a Breach of Privilege, and they submitted themselves to the House; and prayed to be discharged out of Custody, or to be beard to the Matter aforesaid.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Militia, and bring in a Bill for settling the Militia of this Kingdom.

And it is referred to Sir John Guise, Sir Russell,

Mr. SachexerelL, Colonel Sackvile, Mr. Coningsby, Mr. ‘

Masters, Sir Fran. Drake, Sir E Harley, Sir Mompesson, Sir Wm. Yorke, Lord Castle ton, Colonel Buckly, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr .-PaulFoley, Colonel Birch,

Sir Edward Askue, Sir Tho. Barnadisttm, Mr. or any Three of them: And it is recommended to Sir John Guise to take care of the Bill.

The House being informed, that Sir Thomas Jenner Charges attended at the Door, according to the Order of This- gainst Sir day-sevennight; I. Jenner.

lie was called in to the Bar; and heard what he had to say to the Matters objected against him.

And being withdrawn;

Ordered, That the said Sir Thomas Jenner be committed to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Complaint being made by Sir John Knight, a Mem- Privilege-ber of this House, That the Lord Brandon an- Quarr^j be*

other Member of this House, had, at a Committee on tm*

Saturday last, given him some threatening Language;

And the said Lord Brandon Gerrard not being in the House;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do give the said Lord Brandon Gerrard notice to attend in his Place, upon Thursday Morning next; to answer to the Matter of the said Complaint.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Thursday Morning Ways and next, Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Means-of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Way to raise the Supply given to their Majesties.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

Mercurii, 6* die Novembris; i* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prateks.

ORDERED, That the Thanks of this House.be Dr.Birch given to Dr. Birch, for the Sermon he preached tlianke<1'

before

Novembris.

A. 1689.

before them Yesterday, at St. Margaret's Westminster: And that he be desired to print the same: And that Sir Thomas Clarges do acquaint him therewith.

Right* of the An ingrossed Bill for establishing the Rights of the Sutyect. Subject, waa read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in Press 9, Line 6, after " from" to insert " TimeWhich was agreed unto by the House: And the same was thrice read: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title thereof be, An Act, declaring the Rights and liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession to the Crown.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Privilege. The House being informed, that Wm. Morgan an Attorney, Francis Richard and William John Howell had arrested a Servant of John How, Esquire, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That the said Wm. Morgan, Francis Richard, and Wm. John Howell, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer for such their Breach of Privilege.

Address for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Apprehen- Majesty, That he will please to issue out a Proclamation Ludlow. for the apprehending Colonel Ludlow, who stands attainted of High Treason, by Act of Parliament, for the Murder of King Charles the First: And that he will please to propose a Reward to such as shall apprehend him.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by Sir Edward Seymour.

LordJeffryes’ Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That a Bill be brought Forfeiture, in for the Forfeiture of the Estate and Honour of George late Lord Jeffryes, Baron late Lord Chancellor

of England: And it is recommended to Colonel Tipping to take care of it

Silk Manu- A Petition of the Silkthrowsters, Weavers, and Dyers, facture. in and about London, was read; setting forth, That One Pound of Raw Silk, not worth Twenty Shillings, when it has passed the Manufacture of the Petitioners several Trades, is made five times the Value; whereby Two hundred thousand Persons were comfortably maintained: Which Employment is now almost lost, and the Benefit, by Importation of manufactured Silks, carried to Foreign Nations, and the Petitioners left to Beggary: Which said Importation of manufactured Silk, they beg, may be prohibited: And that, whereas the Petitioners were, by a false Information, that a Bill was passing that would be their Ruin, stirred up to.. tumul-. tuary Address, for their Preservation; but since, understanding the Care that was taken therein for them, did humbly beg the Pardon of the House; and praying, That by that or some other Bill, the House would provide for their Subsistence.

Fast India Then the Cause upon the Petition of Elizabeth, Mar-C'ompany. Grace, and Sarah Colson, the Children of John

Colson, came on to be heard.

And the Parties and their Counsel, were called in to the Bar: And after hearing the Petition read, and several Witnesses on the Petitioners Part, and the Counsel, both for the Petitioners and for the East India Company;

They all withdrew.

Execution of Resolved, That John Colson, and the rest of the Per-

StTlelleua, sons w were executed upon a Pretence of Rebellion at the Island of Sancta Hellena, were put to Death contrary to Law, and murdered.

Address Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

thereon. Majesty, That Major Blackmore and Captain Holden be sent for over in Custody, to answer what shall be objected against them, concerning the Murder of those Persons.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council and Captain Pitts.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine Committe* who procured the Commission to execute Martial Law of Inquiry, at Sancta Hellena, and who sent the Instructions for the Execution of it.

And it is referred to Mr. Sacheverell, Sir John Guise,

Mr. Pitts, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Sir Rob. Nap-

pier, Sir Walter Young, Colonel Sackvile, Mr. Paul Foley,

Mr. Onslow, SirTho.Samwell, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Robert

Davers, Sir Fran.Drake, Sir Hen. Johnson, Colonel Tipping, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Done, Mr. Vincent, Lord Marquis Worcester, Sir Rob. Sir

Fra. Russell, Colonel Norton, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Vincent,

Sir Thom. Tayler, S\r Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Gwyn, Mr.

Freke, Colonel Birch, Mr. Cha. Bertye, Sir,

Mr. Rebow, Mr. Arnold, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. England,

Mr. Howies, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Gell, Sir Wm,

Strickland, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Wm.Yorke, Mr Mr. Niccolls, Mr. How, Mr. Gateway, Sir John Cope:

And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, to consider silk and of the best Way to improve the Silk and Woollen Manu- Woollen Ma-factures of this Kingdom; and make their Report of their nurtures. Opinions to the House.

And it is refered unto Colonel Sackvile, Sir Tho. Mom-pesson, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Christy, Sir Thomas Lee,

Mr. Ellwell, Mr. Pitts, Mr. England, Sir John Austen,

Mr. Brewer, Colonel Austen, Mr. Hales, Sir John Doyley,

Mr. Done, Sir Edw.Harley, Mr. Bloujeild, Mr. Freke, Sir Walter Young, Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Grey, Sir Wm. JIo-neywood, Colonel Birch, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Sir

Tho. Clarges, Lord Marquis Winchester, Sir John Knight,

Colonel Beamont, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Mr. Coning shy, Mr. Reynell, Mr. While: And all that come are

to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That the House do, upon next, at State of the

Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Nation, whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Nation.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to examine, Miscarriage* by what means the Intelligence came to be given to their of the War* Majesties Enemies, concerning the several Stations of the Winter Quarters of their Majesties Navy; and likewise into the Miscarriages in the Victualing the Navy; and the Transportation of the Army; and all other Things relating to the War,- both by Sea and Land, the last Year; be revived.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicolls, a Member of this House, Privilege of a have Leave to wave his Privilege, in a Cause depending Member in a in Chancery between John Kegwyn, Esquire, and the Suit* said Mr. Nicolls.

And then the House adjourned till To-inorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jo/vis,7° die Novembris; i° Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

BILL for erecting a Court of Conscience for Greenwich.

A

Greenwich, and other Places, in the Hundred &c- Court of of Blackheath in Kent, was read the First time. Conscience.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

22 Ordered,

i W. <£f M. 7° — 8° Novembris. 281

Restoring Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare a Corporations. B;U for

restoring Corporations, do make their Report Tomorrow Morning.

War Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect

Expences. the Expences of the War the last Year, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon: And that Sir John Mathews, Mr. Harly, Sir Peter Coryton, Mr. Christy, Mr. Haze try, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Baldzoyn, Sir Fra. Lord

rard, Mr. Nezcton, Sir Fran. Russell, Mr. Mr.

Boyle, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bochland, Sir Phil. Mr. Arnold, Mr. England, be added to the said Committee.

Privileges — A Petition of Dutton Seaman, William Allen, and

etition for James Witham, was read; setting forth, That the said Discharge. Petitioners have been committed upon the Complaint of Wm. Montague, Esquire, a Member of the House, for arresting his Servant: That they have made their Sub* mission to the said Mr. Montague, and begged his Pardon for the said Arrest: And praying to be discharged of their Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Dutton Seaman, Wm. AUen, and James Witham, be discharged out of Custody, pay-. ing their Fees.

And the Petitioners were' called in to the Bar; and received the Reprimand of the House by Mr. Speaker; and were discharged accordingly.

Bill of Mr. Attorney General, according to the Order of the

indemnity. House of the First Instant, presented a Bill of general Pardon and Indemnity.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read the First time.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time This-day-sevennight.

Bill of Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solici-

Penalties^ *or General do prepare and bring in the Bill for inflict*

ena es. j,g pajns an(j Penalties upon such Persons as have been

the Occasion of the violating the Laws and Liberties in the Two late Reigns, on Monday Morning next.

Miscarriages Mr. Foley moved from the Committee, appointed to ©1 the War. examine, By what means the Intelligence came to be given to their Majesties Enemies, concerning the several Stations of the Winter Guard of their Majesties Navy; and likewise into the Miscarriages in the Victualing the Navy; and the Transportation of the Army; and all other things relating to the War, both by Sea and Land, the last Year; That some Persons may be appointed to examine one Burton, the Lord Grijfin's Cook, who is a Prisoner in the Gatehouse.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley Mr. Sacheverell, and Mr. Smith, do go to the Gatehouse, and examine the said Burton.

"Ways and Then the House resolved into a Committee of the JSleans. whole I louse to proceed in the Consideration of the Way of raising the Supply to be given to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed upon Three several Resolves; which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards the raising the Supply to be given to their Majesties, for reducing of Ireland, and Prosecution of the War against France, there be a Review of the Poll Bill: And that the House be moved, That a Bill be brought in for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in the same Bill, there be aTax of Twenty Shillings Vol. X.

laid upon every Sliop-keeper, Tradesman and Artificer* worth Three hundred Pounds clear Personal Estate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the raising the Supply, there by a Tax of One hundred Thousand Pounds laid upon the Jews:

And that the House be moved, That a Bill be brought in for that Purpose.

The firstof the said Resolves beingread a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee* That, towards the raising the Supply to be given to their Majesties, for reducing of Ireland, and Prosecution of the War against France, there be a Review of the Poll Bill.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for that Purpose.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, That, in the same Bill, there be a Tax of Twenty.

Shillings laid upon every Shop-keeper, Tradesman, and Artificer, worth Three hundred Pounds clear Personal Estate.

The Third of the sdid Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That, towards the raising the Said Supply, there be a Tax of One hundred thousand Pounds laid upon the Jews.

Ordered, That a Bill he brought in for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General* and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare and bring iii Bills upon the Resolutions aforesaid.

Mr. Hanulen also acquaints the House, That he had Directions from the Committee of the whole House to move, That the said Committee may sit dc die in dieni) until they have gone through in the Consideration of the Ways of raising the said Supply.

Resolved, That the House do de die in diem resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, until they have gone through the Consideration of the Ways of raising the Supply to be given to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Sacheverell and Mr. Garzcay be Expences at added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent Elections. Abuses, occasioned by excessive Expences at Elections ot Members to serve in Parliament, was referred.

Veneris, 8* die Novembris;

i° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that the Votes and Privilege-Transactions of this House are falsely published in ^proceed" News Letters, and other written Papers, to the Prejudice ° r €e " of the House, and of several particular Members thereof;

Ordered, That no Person do presume to publish any of the Votes or Transactions of this House, without Leave from Mr- Speaker.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ease of Ease of the Charge of Sheriffs in their Accounts in the sheriff*. Exchequer, and in other Expences; And it is-recommended to Mr. Harly to take care of it.

A Petition of several of the Officers of the late Court Wales, Court of the Marches in Wales, held before the President and of Marches. Council there, was read; setting forth, That there have-ing been allowed out of the Revenue Two thousand Seven hundred and Ninety Pounds yearly, for the Support of the said Court, lately taken away by Act of Parliament; and that the Petitioners and others had many Offices and Places for Life, and longer Interest by Patent or otherwise, whereon depended their and their Family’s Subsistence: And praying, that the said Revenue may continue charged with the same Sum for the respective Interest of the Petitioners; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be laid aside.

4 B

Sir

282

8° — 9° Novembris. A. 1689.

War Sir John Guise acquaints the House, That he was di-

Expences. rected by the Committee, to whom it was appointed to inquire into the Expences of the War for the last Year, That the Committee may have Power to make Inquiry, What Stores were remaining on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December last; and what was due to Officers, and Seamen and Soldiers: As also to inspect into the particular Regiments, to know what Number of Men were every particular Regiment and Company.

Resolved, That the said Committee have Power to send to the Officers of the Navy, to know what Stores and Naval Provisions were remaining the Twenty-fourth of December last; and what was due to Officers, Seamen, and Soldiers, at that time.

Militia. Ordered, That the Lord Fitzharding be added to the

Committee, to whom it is referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for the settling the Militia of this Kingdom.

Recovery of Ordered \That the Lord Fitzharding be added to the

Tythes. Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, and Repairs of Churches, is referred.

War Resolved, That the said Committee, who were ap-

Expences. pointed to inquire into the Expences of the War, have likewise Power to send to the Commissary General, and Mustermasters and Agents of the several Regiments; to know what Number of Men were in every particular Regiment and Company; and at what times they were mustered.

Woollen Ma- A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of nuiuctures. ford, and Parts adjacent, in the County of was

- read; setting forth, That the Turkey Work is the staple Trade of the Tow n of Bradford, w hereby the Poor have had their Livelihood: But, since Cane Chairs have been in Use, the Trade hath decayed, and is lost, which formerly consumed Eight hundred Packs of Wool: And now the said Poor, that used to he so employed, beg their Bread; and the Town, and others near it, without some Redress, will come to lluin: And praying, that the House would take their Case into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the best Way to improve the Silk and Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the County of Yorke be added to the said Committee.

Way* and Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Means. whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Way of raising the Supply to be given to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had come to Two several Resolves, which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Officers, Civil and Ecclesiastical, who are now in Office, shall pay half a Year’s Profits of their Salaries and Perquisites, towards the Supply to be given to their Majesties: and that the House be moved, That a Bill be brought in for the Purpose aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the raising the Supply to be given to their Majesties, the pecuniary Penalties incurred by all Privy Counsellors, Lord Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Militia Officers, Justices of Peace of Counties and Cities, M ayors. Bailiffs of Corporations, Sheriffs, Recorders, - Town Clerks, and also by other Persons who have accepted or exercised any Office or Place of Profit, either Military or Civil, other than such as are now Officers in V5

their Majesties Armies and Fleet, contrary to any Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, be speedily levied and applied to that Purpose: And that the House be moved.

That a Bill be brought in to that Effect.

The first of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolve;

It passed in the Negative.

The second Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee,

That towards the raising the Supply to be given to their Majesties, the pecuniary Penalties incurred by all Privy Counsellors, Lord lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Militia Officers, Justices of Peace of Counties and Cities,

Mayors, Bailiffs of Corporations, Sheriffs, Recorders,

Town Clerks, and also by other Persons who have accepted or exercised any Office or Place of Profit, either Military or Civil, other than such as are now Officers in their Majesties Armies or Fleet, contrary to an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, be speedily levied and applied to that Purpose: And that a Bill be brought in to that Effect.

Sir Edward Seymor acquaints the House, That he had, Answer according to their Order, attended his Majesty with their Address. Address for apprehending Colonel Ludlow, who stands attainted by Act of Parliament for the Murder of King Charles the First: And that his Majesty, without any Hesitation, was pleased to return this Answer;

That the A ddress was so reasonable, and the Desire so just, That he would order a Proclamation to be issued out immediately for that Purpose.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Commitiwa.

Sabbati, 9" dieNovcmbris

l* Gulielmi et Mari*.

Prayers.

A BILL for erecting a Court of Conscience for Greenwic.

Greenwich and other Places, in the Hundred of Blackheath in Kent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed: And it is referred unto Sir John Knatchbull, Sir Philip Skippon,

Mr. Brewer, Mr. E/hcell, Mr. Christy, Sir John Guise,

Mr. Arnold, Sir Rich. Onslozo, Mr. Papi/fion, Mr. Moor,

Sir H m. Jloneyrcood, Sir John BrozcnlowMr. Mr.

Slier rard, Mr /Manly, Sir Tho.Barnadist S ir Tho.Hussey,

Sir JVm. Cooper, Sir fVm.Langham, Sir Moreton, Sir Edw. Hussey, Colonel Sackvile, Mr. Mr. Grey,

Mr. Bloiefield, Sir Tho. Darcye, Mr. Lampion, Sir Math.

Andrezcs, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. England, Mr. Fuller, and all the Members that serve for the County of Kent: And they are to meet on Monday next, in the Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

The House being informed, that one # Bush had ar- Pi-kiler* rested one Presgrave,a Servant of the Lord

a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That the said Bush be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for such his Breach of Privilege; And that the Serjeant at Arms do go and demand the said Presgrave to be brought before this House.

The House being informed, that there are several Per- victu ilin: sons who can give Informations of great Abuses commit- the Navy ted in Victualing their Majesties Navy the last Year;

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Foley, Mr. verell, and Mr. Smith, Mr. Hamden, and Major or any Two of them, to receive Informations touching

the

i W. fif M. 90 — 11° Novembris. 283

the said Abuses: And that all Persons who shall come to give such Informations shall have the Protection of this House: And they are to meet every Alter- noon in the Speakers Chamber.

Members A Motion being made, for the reading a former Order

Protections, of this House relating to written Protections and Certificates given by Members;

The Order made the Ninth and # Days oi April 1670, and # Days of February 1677, were read accordingly.

Ways and Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole

Means. House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Way

of raising tire Supply to be given to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. —

Omissions to A Message from the Lords by Sir Miles Cook and

tike Oaths. §jr James Aslry;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled An Act for Relief of such as have not taken the Oaths within the Time limited by an Act of this present Parliament: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. —

Ways and Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Means. Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the w hole House, That they had agreed upon several Resolves; which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved to appoint a Committee, to receive and considerof Proposals for the’ad vancing Monies upon the Security of Estates, forfeited by Occasion of the present Rebellion in Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Raising the Suppfy to be given to their Majesties, a Sum not exceeding Fourteen hundred thousand Pounds, be charged upon Land.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum charged upon Land be raised by way of a Pound Rate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Pound Rate be Tw o Shillings in the Pound for one Year, together with the Charge in Proportion, upon all Persons and Estates charged by the late Act for the Aid of Twelve-pence in the Pound; as also a further Charge of Two Shillings in the Pound, upon all such Persons as shall refuse to take the Oaths which areappointed instead of the late Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doagree with the Committee, That a Committee be appointed, to receive and consider of Proposals for the advancing Monies upon the Security of Estates, forfeited by Occasion of the present Rebellion in Ireland.

And it is referred unto Mr. Hamden, Sir Patience JVml, Colonel Birch, Sir Gilbert Mr. Sir

Phil.Skippon, Mr. Cognisby, Mr. EUu cll, SWCha. Bloys, Mr. Gaivcay, Sir John Barker, Lord Norrcis, Sir John Doyfey, Sir John Guise, Mr. Sir Winchcomb,

Sir John Darcy, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Parkhurst, Mr.

Titchburn, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Johnson, Sir Nevile Catlyn, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Smith, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir John Banks, Sir Hen. ’, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir John Thomson, Colonel Aivstcn, Sir

Air. Gu yn, Sir John Wyn, Hcncyzooood, Sir

Seymor, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Sir

ton, Sir John Lozether, Sir Cha. Cecsar, Mr. Christy, Lord Bellamont, Sir John Somers, Mr. Boscoivcn, Mr. Arnold, Sir PeterCollelon, Mr. Reyne SirRobertClayton, Sir Tho.

Vol. X.

Barnadiston, Sir Geo. Willoughby, Mr. A Sir Wm.

Ashurst, Mr. Tho. Foley, Alajor WildSir Cooper,

Air. Filler, Sir Fra.Drake, Mr. Burrard, Mr. White,

Air. England, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Sir

rick, Sir John Brmcnlow, Sir Rob. Sir James

Rushot: And they are to meet on M next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Second of the said Resolves being read u Second time; -

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, That towards the Raising the Supply to be given to their Majesties, a Sum not exceeding Fourteen hundred thousand Pounds be charged upon Land.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee,

That the Sum charged upon Land be raised by the way of a Pound Rate.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read;

Resolved, That the House doagree with the Committee,

That the said Pound Hate be Tw o Shillings in the Pound for One Year, together with the Charge in Proportion, upon all Persons and Estates charged by the late Act for the Aid of Tw elve-pence in the Pound; as also a further*

Charge of Two Shillings in the Pound, upon all such Persons as shall refuse to take the Oaths which are appointed instead of the late Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

Air. Hamden also acquaints the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That Bills may be brought in upon the said Resolves;

Ordered, That Air. Attorney and Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare and bring in Bills upon the said Resolves.

Resolved, That the House w ill take care, that such Persons, as hereafter shall advance any Sums of Aloney, not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Twelve-peny Subsidy last granted, shall have their Debts transferred to the Subsidy now granted, in case the other shall fall Short.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Luna, IV die Novembris;

1° Gulielmi el Alarite.

Prayers.

MR. Christy reports from the Committee to whom Recovery of the Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes. Tythes, and Repair of Churches, was referred, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill, and a Clause to be added to it; which, they had directed him to report to the House: And lie read the same in his Place, with the Coherence: and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one: Anti, after an Amendment proposed to be made to the Clause, and agreed unto, and the Clause amended accordingly at the Table, the said Amendments and Clause were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, so amended, and with the said Clause, be ingrossed.

A Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience in the City Norwich and County of the City of Norxrich, w as read the First C ourt of

time. . Conscience.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being acquainted, that his Majesty had Relief of ordered a Sum of Aloney to be distributed among such of Irish Re-the Irish Nobility and Gentry as had lost their Estates fuSees* in Ireland, and were fled hither for Refuge;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider of what Persons of the Irish Nobility and Gentry are fit to receive his Majesty’s Bounty.

Aid

State of the Nation.

Defaulters at Call of the House.

F stench Goods seized.

Address-Army in Ireland.

Leave for Members to attend Lords.

Committees.

Restoring Corporations,

Reversing Judgment against Sir W. Williams.

Sir Thomas Armstrong.

284 11° — 120 — 130 Novenibris. 1680.

And is refei*red to Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Cognisby, Lord Bellamont, Sir Mr.

ham, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Gzcyn, Sir Gilbert Mr.

Femvick, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Ccesar, Sir Rob. Cotton, Lord Fitzharding, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Christy,

Mr. Far, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Lord Falkland,

Mr. Boyle, Lord Digby, Mr. Gray, Mr. Parkhurst, Sir Rob. Clayton, Sir Tho. Barnadisto Mr. Sir

Wm. Yorke, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Smith, Mr. Freke, Sir Walter Young, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Lord Sir

Hen.Capelt, Major Buckland, Mr. Howard, Major Dickenson, Mr. Baldwyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Nation.

Then the Names of such as were Defaulters, upon Calling-over the House the One-and-thirtieth of October last, were called, did not appear, and had no sufficient Excuse alledged in their Behalf, were noted down; in order to be further proceeded against.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs, and the Commissioners of the Prize Office, do, upon Wednesday Morning next, bring in an Account, What French Wines and Brandies, and other French Goods, have been taken as Prizes, or have been seized upon by the Officers of the Custom-house; and where they are, and when taken, and by whom.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, and Sir John Guise, That he will please to appoint some fit Persons to go over into Ireland, to take an Account of the Number of the Army there, and the State and Condition of it.

Ordered, That Air.. Finch and Sir William Williams have Leave to attend the Bar of the House of Lords, in a Cause between Gay and Beauple.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Mart is, 12° die Novembris; i* Gulielmi el Alariae.

Prayers.’

MR. Solicitor General reports from the Committee appointed to prepare a Bill for restoring Corporations, That they had prepared a Bill accordingly; which they had directed him to present to the House.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to reverse the Judgment given in the Court of King’s Bench against Sir William Williams, in Prejudice of the Rights and Freedoms of Parliament.

A Petition of the Lady Katherine Armstrong, late Wife of ?>\rThomas Armstrong, Knight, and Katherine, Jane, and Mary, Daughters of the said Sir Thomas, was read; setting forth, That the last Session the Petitioners presented their Petition to the House; whereby they complained of the unjust and illegal Execution in Trinity Term 1684, awarded by the late Lord Chief Justice Jeffryes, and the rest of the Judges of the King’s Bench, against the said Sir Thomas Armstrong: And that he was thereupon executed, and all his Estate of Twelve thousand Pounds Value seized; whereby the Petitioners were reduced to Want and Alisery; and that, before the House came to a Result therein, the Sessions ended: And therefore

praying the House would please to re-assume their rtii-serable Case, and give them Relief.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Alatter thereof; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred unto Sir John Guise, Lord Falkland, Sir Wm.Williams, Mr. Fenzvic Air. Arnold, Sir Rob.

Cotton, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Dolben, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir Jo.Morelon, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Christy,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Serjeant Air. Gray,

Air. Mansell, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Wm. Ellis, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Reynell, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Lee, Mr. Niccolls, Mr. Gzcyn, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hollis, Mr. Mill-ner. Sir Gilb.Clerke, Mr. FoleyAir. Buscazcen, Colonel

Tipping, Mr. Chetziyn, Mr. Bockland, and all the Alem-

bers that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do examine who were the Judges that gave Sentence against Sir Thomas Armstrong, and who were the Prosecutors of him, and who had his Estate, and how the Petitioners may have Reparation; and also to examine, What Proceedings were in order to a Writ of Error by him desired, and how it came to be denied; and also, to state the Law as to Writs of Error in criminal Cases: And they are to make their Report with all convenient Speed.

Sir John Guise acquaints the House, That he w'as directed by the Committee appointed to inquire into the Expences of the War the last Year, that they may have Power to inquire after the Rates and Prices of the Victuals of the Fleet; and from whom they were had; and of the Goodness of them.

Resolved, That the said Committee have Power to inquire after the Rates and Prices of the Victuals of the Fleet; and from whom they were had; and of the Goodness of them.

Resolved, That the said Committee have Power also to inquire into all Things relating to the Defects and Abuses in the Victualing of the Navy the last Summer.

Mercurii, 13° die Novembris; i* Gulielmi et Alariaj.

Prayers.

RD E RE D, That Air. Rowe, Sir Wm. Poultney, Mr. Hamden, Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Herbert, Lord Brandon, Mr. Howard, Mr. Forlcscue, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Lady Armstrong, and the Daughters of Sir Tho. Armstrong, is referred.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, and Repair of Churches, be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, and for the Repair of Churches.

Ordered, That Air. Christy do carry the Bill up to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Keck;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this honourable House with this Message, That a Committee being appointed to examine, Who were the Advisers and Prosecutors of the Murders of the Lord Russell, Colonel Sidney, Sir Thomas Armstrong, Mr. Cornish, and others; and, Who were the Advisers of issuing out of Writs of Quo Warrrflnfo’s'against Corporations; and, Who were the Regulators; and also, Who were the publick Asserters of the Dispensing Power; That this House be desired, That Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, and John Hamden, Esquire, and such other Members of this House, as can inform the

Lords

War Expences.

Sir Thomas Armstrong.

Recovery of Tythes, &c.

Lords desire Leave for Members to attend them.

Watts'

Nat.

Reversing

Walcot’s

Attainder.

State of the Nation.

Abuse in Convoys.

A Member to attend.

i W.fif M.

Lards of> the said Committed about those Mattery may have Leave to appear, whom desired, tx> declare their Knowledge therein.

And then' the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That Leave be-given, to Mr. Serjeant chard, and Mr. Mxandm, junior, to attend the Lords.

And die Messengers, were called' hi And Mr; Speaker acquainted- them therewith.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklat and Mir. Keck;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords hare passed a Bin, intituled, An Act for the Naturalizing of Wm. Watts: To which they desire the Conetwrenee of this House.

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for annulling the Attainder of John , Gentleman:

To which they desire the Concurrence oC this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

485

the whole House, to take into Consideration the Stete of state of the the Nation. Nation.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Greg took the Chain of the Committeei

Mr. Speaker resumed; the Chair.

Mr Grey reports from the Committee, of the whole House, That they had.made some Progress in Consideration of die State of the Nation; and that they had directed him to move the House, That they may sit again Tomorrow Morning, to proceed, further therein.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the State of the Nation.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Greenwich erecting a Court of Conscience for the Hundred of Court of Blackheath in the County of Kent, do sit Tomorrow in onscience* the Afternoon.

13 0 — 146 Nwvembris

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the ----- J "

whole House, to take into their Consideration the State Jocis, 14° die Novembris}

of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. i* Gulielmi et Manas.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of the Committee. Prayers.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.~- A PETITION of the Bailiffs, Warden3 and, Assistants Silk Manu-

XJl of the Company of Weavers of London, was read; factufe:i-

A Petition of the Merchants of London was read; set- setting forth, That whereas Abraham and George

ting forth. That the Petitioners paying great Customs for Nicholso, have lately presented a Petition to this House, the Guard of the Seas, and having many trading Vessels' in the Name of the Silkthrowsters, Weavers, and Dyers in the Streights and West Indies, when the War against of London-, praying amongst other Things, that their France was declared, that had no Knowledge thereof; Subsistence may be provided for by the late Bill for the but, presuming on the safe Guarding of the Channel, re- enjoining the Wear of Woollen Manufactures; and the turning without Fear, to theirs and the Petitioners great same being subscribed with Hundreds of Names; the Loss, found the very Mouth of the Channel so infested Weavers, whose Names . thereunto put, have declared

with French Capers, and Men of War, that there are lost That they never subscribed the same: And, for that the near One hundred Sail of Ships, to the Value of Six hun- restraining the Silk Wear will ruin the Manufacture; and dred thousand Pounds; whereby divers of the Petitioners praying to be heard, before any Proceedings be had upon are impoverished, the Government of England dis- the said Petition.

honoured, and the Kingdom weakened, by the Loss of A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, many brave Seamen now in French Prisons, Gallies, or of the Corporation of the Silkthrowsters of London, in Men of War; whilst the French are thereby enriched, Behalf of themselves and the whole Corporation, was strengthened with many good Ships: And that those of read; setting forth, That, whereas there is a Petition be-the English Ships, that have escaped the French, and fore this House, which is styled, A Petition of the Silk-got into the West of England, after their lying the re, throwsters* Weavers, and Dyers, in and about London; some near Three Months, others more, have been fain the Petitioners do declare, That neither they, nor any to hire Foreigners, pr pay considerable Sums of Money of their Members, knew any thing thereof; but utterly to the English, to convey them to the Downs; as the disown the same; the Bill hinted at therein, being utterly Petitioners were ready to make appear: And praying destructive to their Trade of Silkthrowsting, which em-the Consideration and Relief of the House. . ploys above Two hundred thousand poor Persons in and

Then the Petitioners were called in, to own their Peti- about the said City of- London: And praying that this tien: And they did so. House would be pleased to hear the Petitioners on the

And, being desired to give an Account, What Cap- Behalf of themselves and the great Number of Depend-tains of Men of War took Money of Merchant Ships for ents upon their Trade, before any tiling be done upon Convoying of them; the said Petition.

They acquainted the House, That Captain George A Petition of Abraham Nicholson, and

Churchill, of the Pendennis, had, of Emanuell Hudson, a Rape, and others was also read.

Master of a Merchantman, for his and other Ships, Forty And several of die Parties were called in to the Bar;

Pounds; and that they could bring the Evidence when and owned the 6aid Petitions.

the House Should appoint. But it appeared, that all the Names set to the said Pe-

And then they withdrew. tition, presented by the said Lovenne, Nicholson, and

Resolved, That on Monday Morning next, this House Rape, were of one Writing, and was by them owned to will hear the Petitioners at the Bar of this House, to be written by a Scrivener, by the Direction of the said make good their Complaints. _ Lovenne, Nicholson, and Rape; who said, They had

Ordered, That George Churchill, Esquire, a Member Order from the Persons whose Names are set, to put of this House, have Notice to attend in his Place, upon their Names down.

Monday Morning next, touching an Information given of And the said Persons being withdrawn.

his. having taken Monies of Captains of Merchant Ships And a Debate arising, touching the Manner how Peti-

for convoying the m. tiens ought to be signed;

Resolved, That the House will, upon Monday Mom- Resolved, That all Petitions, presented to the House, Petitions to ing next, hear any other Persons that shall make any ought to be signed by the Petitioners with their own k.eapr?per^r other Complaints of the like Abuses touching Convoys. Hands, by their Names or Marks. 8‘8ne ‘

Then die Petitioners were called in again; and ac- Then the House was informed, That several of the quainted by Mr. Speaker with the said Resolves, for the Persons whose Names are set to the Petition in Parch-hearing the Matter of the said Complaints on Monday ment, presented by the said Lovenne, Nicholson, and next, either against Captain Churchill, or any others. — Rape, the Sixth Instant, were at the Door; and denied

their Hands thereto were of their Setting, or set by their Then the House again resolved into a Committee of Order or Consent:

u

a8 6

140 — 150 Novembris.

A. 1589.

Sir Thomas Pilkington's Complaint*

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Answer to Address.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

State of the Nation.

Committees.

Privilege — a person petitions for discharge.

And thereupon several of those Persons were called in to the Bar; and said, They set their Hands to a Paper, but not a Petition; being told, It was for the Good of their Trade, and for the Prohibition of Foreign Silks. And then those Persons withdrew.

Ordered, That the Petitions of the Weavers and Silk-throwsters be referred to the Committee to whom it was referred to consider of the best Way how the Silk and Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom may be improved; to examine the Matter; and make their Report thereof to the House.

And the said Lovenne, Nicholson, and Rape, were called in again to the Bar; and acquainted, That their Petition this Day presented, did not come regularly signed.

And the same was delivered back, againtothem, to be signed by the Petitioners themselves.

A Petition of Sir Tho. Pilkington, Lord Mayor of London, and several other Citizens of , was pre-

sented to the House.

Resolved, That the said Petition be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Officers or Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service; and for purtish-ing false Musters: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Sir John Guise acquaints the House, That he had attended his Majesty with the Address of this House, for sending Persons into Ireland, to take an Account of the Number of the Anny there, and of the State and Condition of the samfe: And that his Majesty was pleased to give this Answer, That he v'ould send some Persons forthwith into Ireland, according to the Desires of this House.

Resolved, That the aforesaid Bill, come down from the Lords, be now read the First time.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Nation. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed upon a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Want of a Guard, or Convoys, for the Merchants, for the last Year, hath been an Obstruction of Trade, and an Occasion of great Losses to the Nation. The said Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Want of a Guard, or Convoys, for the Merchants, for the last Year, hath been an Obstruction of Trade, and an Occasion of great Losses to the Nation.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 15" die Novembris; i# Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Tho. Bush, in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, was read;

setting

forth, That the Petitioner was committed, for

Taking of one Mr. Presgrace, Servant to the Lord Sher-rard, a3Iember of this House: And not knowing he was such Servant, till some Hours after he was in Custody; and the Warrants being for a Breach of a Decree, under the Hands of the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England, the Petitioner could not discharge him, without making himself liable for the Debt: And begging the Pardon of the House; and praying he may be discharged, having submitted himself to the Lord Sherrard.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Bush be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

And he was brought to the Bar; had a Reprimand of the House from Mr. Speaker; and discharged accordingly.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of Privileges Stockbridge and Elections, the Case, as it appeared to the Committee, Election, touching the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stock in the County of Southampton: The which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; and w’as there read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon a Petition of Wm. Strode, Esquire, complaining of an undue Return and Election of Wm. Moun-tague, Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge in the County of Southampton-,

And another Petition of William Reeves, and others,

Burgesses of the said Borough, to the same Effect;

That, for the Petitioners, the Counsel insisted, That the Election of the Sitting Member was procured by Bribery: And called

Wm. Reeve, Tho. Pucknall, and John Hall: Who testified, That they were at Sarnuell Hall's, an Inn-keeper, and Constable of the Town, the Friday before the Election; where was present Mr. Montague, and several of the Electors: And that the said Hall declared, That any one that would vote for Mr. Montague Should have Four Guineas: But could not say by whose Authority Hall offered it; only said, Before that Offer, the Generality of the Electors were inclined lor Mr. Strode. That they could not name any Person that had received Money upon Account of the Election: But that one Odes, who voted for Mr. Montague, said, He was promised Four Guineas; and that he had received Part of it of one Gatehouse.

Odes, being called as a Witness, denied, That he had spoke to that Purpose: But said, He had borrowed Twenty Shillings of Gatehouse-, but that Tho. Pucknall said, He Should have Twenty Shillings in Hand, and Five Pounds afterwards, if he would vote for Mr. Strode.

Gosling said, He was promised by Gatehouse Four Guineas, to give his vote for Mr. Montague; and that he voted for Mr. Montague; and received his Money in Two Payments; viz. Forty Shillings the Day after the Election, and Two Pounds-Six Shillings in last:

And Mr. Montague's Steward said, when he gave him the Forty Shillings, It was for his Charge in quartering Soldiers.

Tho. Blatch denied, He had received any "Money for his Vote, nor was promised any: But said, The Gentleman gave him, of his good Will, for his Charge in quartering Soldiers, Forty Shillings; and that he had since received Two Pounds Six Shillings of Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Montague's Agent, to bear his Charges to London, if there Should be Occasion.

Rich. Rose said, He received Forty Shillings of Gatehouse, but had paid it him again; and since had received Forty-six Shillings towards his Charges.

Stmts said, Odes confessed he had received Forty, and Twenty Shillings.

That, for the Sitting Member, tile Counsel insisted,

That Mr. Montague was chosen by much the greater Number; Air. Montague having Forty-four Votes, and Air.

Strode but Six: And insisted, That more Aloney had been offered on the Bella If of Air. Strode, than was alleged to be offered on the Behalf of ?>lr. Montague: And they produced a Paper signed by Forty odd of the Electors,

dated

i W.S^M. 150 — 16° Novembris. 287

dated the Thirtieth of October1689 and, amongst the rest, by Gosling.

The Paper imported, That the Electors had freely chosen Mr. Montague, without any Importunity.

Gosling owned the Signing of the Paper: But said, It was not read to him, nor he told the Contents of it.

Page Robinson, being examined, on the behalf of the Sitting Member, said. He read the Paper distinctly to the several Subscribers; and particularly to Gosling: That he never distributed Money directly or indirectly for Votes for Mr. Montague, but he paid Two Pounds Six Shillings to Gosling for his Charges; because he heard there was a Petition lodged in this House against Mr. Montague: That Mr. Montague gave him no Order to pay Money for quartering Soldiers; but some few Gentlemen met together after the Election and agreed upon it: That some was his own Money and some Mr. Montague's: That he believes, the Charges of Bills,'and other Charges about the Election, might amount to Two hundred Pounds: That he paid Money to several towards their Charges to London;but denied he paid Forty Shillings to any the Day after the Election.

Blatch, being confronted with Mr. said Mr.

Robinson paid him Forty Shillings the Day after the Election.

Hugh Goddard said, Thomas offered him Six

Guineas to vote for Mr. Strode, and proffered the Cryer a Guinea to make Proclamation, That any one Should have Six Guineas that would vote for Mr. Strode.

Richard White, the Cryer, said Pucknall had offered him a Guinea to cry, That if any Person would vote for Mr. Strode, he Should have a Guinea in Hand and Five Guineas afterwards: But Pucknall did not say, He had any Authority from Mr. Strode; Nor did White see the Guinea: And he said further, That he, the said White, was sent by the Bailiff and Constable, to invite Mr. Montague down; and to tell him They would chuse him Burgess.

Daniel Tongue said, John Hall offered him Six Guineas to vote for Mr. Strode.

John Hall, being cpnfronted with him, denied it; and said he never had such Thought.

SamuellHall said, Pucknall offered him Ten Pounds, to be for Mr. Strode; and told him, Mr. Strode ordered him to do it.

Rich. Hewes, Bailiff, said, He, and Five or Six of his

Neighbours, invited Mr. Montague to stand for Burgess; and never had a Farthing offered him.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee, came to Three Resolutions: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And being the re read, are as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Wm. Montague, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Slockbridge in the County of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Wm. Strode, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Stockbridge.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Election of a Burgess to sen e in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Stockbridge is a void Election.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Wm.Montague, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge in the County of Southampton.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Wm. Strode, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Vol. X.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the said Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Stockbridge is a void Electtion.

Ordered, That Rich. Haves, Bailiff’ of Stockbridge in

the County of Southampton, Page Robinson, Gatehouse, and Samuell Hall, of Stockbridge, aforesaid, be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; for giving and taking Bribes, at an Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

The Question being put, That Tho. Pucknall be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms also;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Wm. Montague, Esquire, be disabled from being elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge.

The Question being put, That Wm. Strode, Esquire, be disabled from being elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /Sir Jos' Tr

tellers for the leas, jMr Chg

Tellers for the Noes L

tellers tortile l\oes,|Mr Whitehed,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Debate arising in the House, touching the Disfranchising of the said Borough for ever hereafter from send-

O D

ing Burgesses to Parliament; and, instead thereof, that Two more Knights for the Shire be chosen for the County of Southampton;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

135-

158.

Sabbati, 16° die Nm'enibris; i° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Reversing

For reversing the Attainder of Thomas Walcott, Walcott’s Gentleman was read the First time. Attainder.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An Act for Naturalizing William Watts, w as read the Watts’ Nat. First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience at Norwich, Norwich was read the Second time. Court of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Catlyn, Mr. Parker, Mr. Blowfeild, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr.

England, Mr. Reyncll, Sir Cha. BMr. P. Foley, Sir Rich. Harte, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Arnold, Sir John Cotton,

Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Bade, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Tho. Darcy,

Mr. Christy, Sir Wm. Honeywood, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Men'eton, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Eldred, Sir Rob. Cotton, Lord Falkland, Sir Wm.Cooke, Mr. Colt, and all the Members that serve for the County of: And they

are to meet on Monday next at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for London Relief of the Orphans of the City of London. Orphans.

A Bill for erecting Courts of Conscience in the City of Westminster, Westminster, Borough of Southwarke, Tower Hamlets, and &c. Courts of Out Parishes of the City of London, was read the Second Conscience, time.

And the Lady Russell having presented a Petition to the House against the said Bill, the first of November Instant;

Ordered, That the Lady Russell be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday next.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, p,mishing An Act for punishing Officers or Soldiers who shall mutiny Mutiny and

qj. Desertion.

Lords desire Leave for a Member to attend them.

War Ex-fences.

Deficiency in

Ordnance

Office.

Abuse iu Convoys.

288 16° — t8° jtfovetfrbris. 1^89.

or desert their Majesties Service, end for punishing false Musters, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed upon the Debate of the House to Mr. Sach Mr. Cognisby, Mr. Reale, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Yorke, Sir Peter Cory ton, Colonel Sir Rob. Howard,

Mr. Bull, Mr. Hamden, Sir John Thomson, Mr. Smith, Colonel Birth, Sir Echo. Har, Sir JVm. Ashurst, Sir Rich. Hart, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Howe, Sir fVm, Ellis, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Tho. Hussey, Lord Ranelagh, Sir Ch. Rloys. Sir Fran. Russell, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Kendall, Major Manley, Mr. Boyle, Sir Chr. Sir Edit.

Hussey, SkMath.Andrewes, Mr Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Cotton, Colonel Tipping, Mr. haugh, Lord Falkland, Mr. Lewes, Sir John Guise, Mr. Fawkes, Sir Henry Capdl, Mr. Nictolls, Mr. Grey, Mr. Milntr, Mr. Rebow, Sir John Kay, Mr. Henry Herbert: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That they bring in a further Bill or Bills, as, upon the Debate of the House, they shall see Occasion for.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke, and Mr. Methwyn;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to deliver this Message, That John Wildman, Esquire, may have Leave to come to the Lords Committees, who are appointed to consider, Who are the Advisers and Prosecutors of the Murders of the Lord Russell, Colonel Sidney, and others, to declare his Knowledge concerning these Matters.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the Said John Wilimrn have Leave to go, as is desired.

And the Messengers were called in again: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Sir John Guise acquaints the House, That he, was directed by the Committee to whom it was referred to inspect the Expences of the War for the last Year, and to know, What Number of Men were in every particular Regiment and Company, and at what time they were mustered, That Mr. Hamden did deliver the Papers relating to the Musters to the Chairman of the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamden do deliver to Sir John Guise, the Chairman of the Committee appointed to inspect the Expences of the War the last Year, and to know, What Number of Men were in every particular Regiment and Company, and at what time they were mustered, the Papers in his Hands relating to the Musters now remaining in his Hands.

Sir Henry Goodrich, acquaints the House, That he had a Petition from such as used to furnish the Office of Ord-hance with Stores, which was presented to that Board; by which they desired to be furnished with Monies, that they might be enabled to support their Credits and to continue to supply Stores for that Office: And that his Majesty had directed him to lay the Matter before this House.

And a Debate arising in the House, touching that Matter;

Resolved, That the House do, upon Tuesday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the State of the Nation.

Ordered, That Captain EmanuellHudson, John Champ-neys, John Hill, IVm. Hill, m. Parish, John Woodfin,

jValter Deane, Captain Thorpe, John Gilbert, John

James Braines, Ben). James, Henry Sturt, Han. Gould, Captain Bullock, Benjamin Gillam, IVm. Kcllenger, Captain Horrdl, Captain Hooper, be summoned to attend

this House upon Monday Morning next, when the Coin-

plaints made by the Merchant* of of Abuses

committed by Captains of their Majesties Ships, in exacting' Monies for comvdying Merchants Ships, is to be heard at the Bar of this House;

Ordered, That the Lord Castleten and Sir fVm. Ellis be added to the Committee who are' appointed to consider of the be9t Way fop improving the Silk and Woolen Manufactures of this Nation.

Lunat, 1&° die Novembris; i* Guliehni et Marias.

Era Vers.

/I RD E RED, That Mr. Speaker do grant his War-

" rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ for the Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dor sett, in the Room of Gerrard Nappier, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir Nath. Nappier, have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, to bury his Son.

A Petition of Dr. George ilker was read; setting forth, That there being Two thousand Widows and Orphans, that were made such by the Siege of Londonderry, in a poor Condition, who must starve without the Relief of the House; and Seventeen of the Clergy of the Church of England, and Seven Dissenting Ministers, who did considerable Service during the Siege; and for that the Petitioner hath been Governor of the said City in the said Siege; is obliged humbly to lay their sad and deplorable Conditions before the House: And praying speedy Relief in the Premises.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, that he will please to distribute the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds among the Widows and Orphans of such as were slain, and died in the Siege of Londonderry', and the Clergymen that were concerned therein.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. TValker for the Service he did at Londonderry.

Resolved, That all such Persons as shall have lent any Sums of Money upon the Security of the Act for a Grant to their Majesties of Twelve-pence in the Pound, since the Eleventh of November, Instant, not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds the Whole shall have Liberty to transfer the same, with the Interest thereof, upon the Act for granting an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound to their Majesties, when it is passed.

A Petition of ArthurBayley, and others; complaining

That so many Mariners were taken out of their Ships by one of their Majesty’s Men of War, that there were not a sufficient Number left On board to bring the Ship into tort; by reason whereof the Ship was lost.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and make their Report to the House.

And it is referred unto Mr. Rebow, Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Bayle, Mr. Grubb, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Edtv. Seymour, Sir John Barker \Sir John Kmtchbull Mr. Pitts, Mr.

Coningsby, Mr. Niccolls, Mr. Colonel Birch, Sir

Fra. Russell, Mr. Titchburne, Mr. Lee, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Sir Tho. Barnadision, Sir IVm.Ashurst, Sir Philip Skip-pon, Sir John Chichley, Mr. JVheatly, Sir Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Thomson, Sir John Moreton, Sir Young,

Mr. England, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Sir Tho.

Clarges, Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. Bucknall, and all the Members that serve for the City of London, and Sea Ports: And they are te sheet To-mofrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved,

Silk and Woolen Manufactures.

Dorchester

Writ-

Leave of Absence.

Sufferers at Londonderry,

Dr. Walker thanked.

Creditors on Land Tax.

Impressing from Merchant Ships.

Abuses in Convoys.

A Member committed*

Committees.

Watts' Nat.

Sir Thomas Armstrong.

i W.tf M, 18° — 190 Novetnbris. 289

Resolved, That the said Committee have Power to receive any Complaints of the like Nature from any other Persons: And they are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Then the Matter of the Complaints of divers Merchants of London against several Captains of their Majesties Ships, for taking Money for Convoys, came on to be heard at the Bar of the House.

And divers Witnesses were examined touching that Matter.

And after they were withdrawn;

Captain Churchill, a Member of this House, (and who was one that was charged by the Witnesses to have taken. considerable Sums of Money for Convoy of Ships from Plymouth), was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew into the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That the Requiring or Receiving of Monies for Convoys, is illegal, oppressive to Merchants, and destructive to Trade.

Resolved, That Captain Churchill is guilty of requiring and receiving Monies for Convoys.

Resolved, That Captain Churchill be committed to the Tower for the same.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Martis, 19* die Novembris

i# Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

A BILL for Naturalizing of JVm. Watts, was read the Second time.

Ordered, That it be committed to Major Manley, Sir Wm. Hmcywood, Mr. Bickerslaffe, Sir Darcye, Mr.

Baldvyn, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Mr. Sir

Rob. Rich, Mr England, Sir W Sir pon. Sir Tho. Barnudiston, Mr. Reynell, Captain Wroth,

Mr. Christy, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr. Rashley, Mr. El-dred. Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Fran. Guibon, Sir Tho. Middleton, Sir John Barker, Mr. Moore, Mr. Kendall, Sir

Wynne: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Christy reports from the Committee to whom the Petition of Lady Armstrong, and the Daughters of Sir Thomas Armstrong, was referred, the State of the Proceedings against him, as it appeared to the Committee: The which he produced in Writing; and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where it was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That it appeared, that as well by Records as Proofs, That on Thursday the Twelfth Day of July 3,5® Car. 2Ji, at the Old Baily in London, Sir Tho. Armstrong, being indicted for High Treason, was, upon Monday next before the Feast of St. Andrew the Apostle following, outlawed in London upon the said Indictment.

That he was brought to the Bar of the King’s Bench on Saturday next after Fifteen Days of the Holy Trinity, 36° Car. I ldi, which was but Six Months after the said Outlawry: And, being the re demanded what he had to say, Why Execution Should not be adjudged against him upon the said Attainder by Outlawry; he the said Sir Thomas Armstrong Kid desire, that Counsel might be assigned him: Which was denied him: He also desired, that the Statute 5° Edwardi VI. might be read: Which, after long Debate at last was read: And, after the Reading thereof, Sir Tho. Armstrong granted; and he did there surrender himself to the Lord Chief Justice; and prayed, That his Traverse might be received; and that he might have a fair Tryal; and that Justice might be done him. The said Lord Chief Justice Jeff ryes, scoffingly, answered, That he Should have Justice: And, immedietely asking the Keeper of Newgate, What were the usual Execution Da^s: Who told iiimWednesdays mdFridays: Whereupon

the Lord Chief Justice said, That he Should have Justice; for he Should be executed on the Friday following: And thereupon a Rule of Court was made lor the Executing of him on- the ensuing Friday: And the said Sir Tho. Armstrong demanded to have that Justice which Holloway had in the like Case (He being come in w ithin the Year, was admitted to his Plea, notwithstanding the Outlawry); the Lord Chief Justice also refused; saying, He had a sufficient Evidence against Del* 1 on ay, and therefore admitted him to a Tryal: To which Sir Thomas Armstrong answering, That he had admitted Holloway, because he had Proof against him; but refused him, because nothing could be proved against him; and that his Blood would lie at his Door; the Lord Chief Justice answered, Let it, Let it; I am Clamour-proof.

That Sir Francis Wythen, Sir Tho. Walcott, and Sir Richard Holloway, were the other Judges that satin Court at that time: And that Mr. Burton and Mr. Gruham were the Prosecutors for the King against him.

That Sir Thomas Armstrong did also pray a Writ of Error to reverse the Outlawry; but the Court denied him: And, upon Friday alter, was executed.

And that thereupon the Committee came to Three Resolves: Which the said Mr. Crisly read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w ere read; and are as follow';

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Thomas Armstrong's Plea ought to have been admitted according to the said Statute. And that the Execution of him upon the Attainder by Outlawry was illegal, and a Murder by Pretence of Justice.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Executors and Heirs of Sir Thomas Armstrong ought to have a Reparation of their Losses cut of the Estates of the said Four Judges, and Two Prosecutors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Writ ol Error for the Reversal of a Judgment in Felony, or Treason, is the Right of the Subject, and ought to be granted at his Desire; and is not an Act of Grace or Favour, which may be denied or granted at Pleasure.

T he First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Tho. Armstrong's Plea ought to have been admitted according to the said Statute: And that the Executing of him upon the Attainder by Outlawry was illegal, and a Murder by Pretence of Law.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, That the Executors and Heirs of Sir Tho. Armstrong ought to have a Reparation of their Losses out of the Estates of the said Four Judges, and Two Prosecutors.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That a Writ of Error for the Reversal of a Judgment in Felony, or Treason, is the Right of the Subject; and ought to be granted at his Desire; and is not an Act of Grace or Favour, which may be denied or granted at Pleasure.

Mr. Christy also acquainted the Louse, That it appeared to tire Committee, That the Estate of Sir Tho. Armstrong, at the time of his Execution, was Three hundred Pounds per Annum, in Ireland, at Waterford, Dublin, and Straff an there; and that there were Two Years Relit in Arrear, when it was granted to Sir Edward Scott, who had the Possession thereof.

And also, that the said Sir Thomas Armstrong had a Personal Estate, consisting of Bonds and otherwise; viz.

From the Lord Kingston 4,000

From Mr. Macarty- - - - I. 300

From the Lord Bellasis - - - I. 500

From Sir David Coningham - 1,500

From the Lord Anglesey - 100 Guineas

From Colonel Talmash - - - - 100 Guineas

4 D From

Reversing

Judgment against Sir W. Williams,

Serjeant at Arms to deliverMem-ber committed to the Tower.

Dr. Walker

thanked for his Services at Londonderry.

Clandestine

Marriages.

Lords desire Leave foi a Member to attend them.

190 — 20° Novetnbfis. A. 1689.

290

From *Sir Gilbert Gerrard - - - 80 Guineas

From Mr. DiOington ----- 80 Guineas

From Sir Bsuchier Wray - - - 30 Guineas

From Mr. Edward Let - - - - 30 Guineas

From Mr. Anthony Row - - - - 350 Guineas

Deposited with Mr. Dare - - - I. 500

And an Annuity of -----/. 500 per Aim.

Which were given to Colonel Wm. Legg.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to reverse the Attainder of Sir Tho. Armstrongand to make Reparation to his Widow and Children out of the Estates Of the Judges and Prosecutors: And that the Bill do pass without Fees.

A Bill for reversing the Judgment given in the Court of King’s Bench against Sir William Williams, in Prejudice of the Rights and Freedoms of Parliaments, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody Captain George Churchill, a Member of this House, who was Yesterday ordered to be committed to the Tower, by order of this House, for requiring and receiving Monies for Convoys; and convey him to the Tower; and to deliver him to the Lieutenant or Governor thereof, according to the said Order.

The House being acquainted, that seme Doubt was made upon the'Vote Yesterday for transferring of the Credit of Three hundred thousand Pounds, whether it extended to such Sums of Money as Should be lent hereafter as well as to those already lent;

Resolved, That all Persons who have lent, or shall lend, any Sums of Money upon the Security of the Act for a 'Grant to their Majesties of Twelve-pence in the Pound, from and after the Eleventh Day of this Instant November, not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds in the Whole, shall have Liberty to transfer the same, with the Interest thereof, upon the Act for granting Two Shillings in the Pound to their Majesties, when it shall be passed.

A Bill for granting an Aid to their Majesties of Two Shillings in the Pound, for one Year, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Westmorland, in the room of Henry Wharton, Esquire, deceased.

Mercurii, 20’ die Novembris;

The House being informed, that Dr. Walker was at the Door;

He was called: And Mr. Speaker gave him the Thanks of the House, according to the Order of Yesterday; to the Effect following, viz.

Dr. Walker, The House received a Petition from you Yesterday, on Behalf of several Widows and Orphans of those that were slain and died in the Siege of Londonderry, and also of the Clergy that were there, and sustained great Hardships in the Siege: And this House has thought fit to recommend your Petition, with an Address, to the King, That there might be Ten thousand Pounds paid for the Ease of their present Sufferings.

They likewise take notice of the extraordinary Service you have done to their Majesties, and to England and Ireland, in Defence of Londonderry; and especially in that you undertook it, when those, to whose Care it was committed, did shamefully, if not perfidiously, desert that Place; and have thought fit to shew a particular Esteem of your Merit; and give you the Thanks of this House: And they would have you give the Thanks of the House to all those that were in that Service.

Whereto Dr. Walker spake to the Effect following:

Sir, As for the Service I have done, it is very little, and does not deserve this Favour you have done me: I shall give the Thanks of this House to those concerned with me, as you desire; and dare assure you, That both I and They will continue faithful to the Service of King William and Queen Mary, to the End of their Lives.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Lacon Wm. Child',

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act, disabling Minors to marry without the Consent of their Fathers or Guardians; and against their untimely marrying after the Decease of their Fathers; and for the preventing of clandestine Marriages for the future: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords do desire, That Sir Peter Rich may have Leave to come to the Committee, who are appointed to consider, Who were Advisers and Prosecutors of the Murders of the Lord Russell, Colonel Sidney, and others; to declare his Knowlege concerning those Matters.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That Sir Peter Rich have Leave to go, as is desired.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

1° Gulielmi et Marine.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Countess of Roscommon was read; setting forth, That as the Petitioner understands there is a Bill depending in this honourable House for the annulling the Attainder of one Thomas Walcott, attainted and executed in the time of King Charles the Second, for High Treason against his Majesty; a great Part of whose Fstate was given to your Petitioner’s Husband, and by him to the Petitioner, as Part of the Provision for her: And, for that the said Bill passed the House of Lords unknown to the Petitioner; and praying, that she may, by her Counsel, be heard at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table; to be considered when the Bill for reversing the Attainder of Tho. Walcott, Gentleman, is read the Second time.

A Petition of Thomas Brocklesby, on the Behalf of himself, and Nineteen other English Protestants, now Prisoners

in Corke in Ireland, was read; setting forth, That the Pe-

titioner’s Friends in England having hired the GoldenPike, of Copenhagen, to sail from Ostend to Corke, with Intent to bring away the Petitioner’s Effects from thence; and having entered the said Vessel in the Court of Admiralty here; the Petitioner shipped on board the said Vessel Fifty-four Bales of Serges and Bays, with great Quantities of Butter, Leather, and Raw Hides, to near Three thousand Pounds Value: With which the Petitioner Brocklesby set Sail from Cor/eEighteenth^fi^M^last; and the next Day met with their Majesties Ships the Albans,

Captain Layton Commander; and the Centurion, Captain Beaumont Commander; who carried up the said Vessel into Milford Haven, where the Prize Officers demanding her; but the Commanders refused to deliver her, but brought her into Torbay the Beginning of September following; where they shifted all the Cargo, except a few Raw Hides, out of the Vessel, into the Centurion; and took away the Bills of Loading, several Bills of Exchange, Letters of Credit, and other Papers: And although the Petitioner hath made several Applications to the Admiralty and Prize Office, cannot Obtain the same; such Oppressions tending to the Ruin of the Petitioners, and their Families, for whose Benefit the said Cargo was designed: And praying the Consideration and Relief of this House.

Ordered, That tire said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Arthur Bay ley, and others, was referred the Eighteenth Instant; who are to 25 exam in

Creditors on Land Tax.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Westmorland Writ.

Reversing

Walcott’s

Attainder.

Illegal detention of Ships.

Reversing

Walcott’s

Attainder.

London

Orphans.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Irish

Refugees.

Committees

i W. & M. 20* — 1

examine the Matter thereof; and make their 'Report to the House. And that Mr. CSir Math. Sir John Guise, Lord Falkland, Mr. Christy, Mr. be added to the said Committee.

A Petition of Ralph Potts, in Behalf of himself, and his Pink's Company, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, being homeward-bound from were met

off the Bill of Portland by Two of their Majesties Men of War; the one of them being the Greyhound, Captain Gillam Commander; who fired at the said Pink, to come to: Which done, the said Captain took two of her Men, and a Cask of Vinegar, and Twenty small Casks of Brandy, and also some Provisions, without making any Satisfaction for the same; much to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and the Pink’s Company: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Anthony Bayley, and others, was referred the Eighteenth Instant.

The Question being put, That the ingrossed Bill, come down from the Lords, for reversing the Attainder of Thomas Walcott, Gentleman, be now read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeu,{ } 69.

Tellers for the Noes,{^rr^"^/,j } 57-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Bill was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Birch, Mr. Roberts, Sir Phil. Skippon, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Newdigate, Colonel Whitley, Mr. Sir John

Barker, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir John Doyley, Mr. More, Mr. Carter, Sir Tho. Littleton, Captain Wroth, Colonel Mildmay, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Mordant, Sir John Wynne, Lord Marquis Winchester, Sir John Low t her, Colonel Austen, Mr. Hawtry, Sir John Brownlow, Sir Fra. Guibon, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Wm.Ellis, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr tell Grey, Sir Tho. Barnadiston, Mr. Robinson, Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Ellwell, Mr. Hobby, Sir Lcveson

Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Niccol/s, Sir Blake, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Christy, Mr. England, Mr. Mr. White, Sir John Guise, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Harley, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Slitigsby, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Lowther, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir Edw. Aiscough, Sir Rich. Middleton, Mr Colt, Sir And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the Petition of the Countess of Roscommon this Day read, touching the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee.

A Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of W'ays, how the Debt due to the Orphans of the City of London may be satisfied.

A Bill for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound for one Year, w as read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Aloming at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Air. Palmes and Air. be added

to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of what Persons of the Irish Nobility and Gentry arej6t to receive his Majesty’s Bounty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

Vol, X.

Novembris. 291

A Motion being made, That Mr. George Weld, a Member of this House, may' have Leave to wave his Privilege m a Suit in Chancery;

And a Debate arising thereon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. White, and Air. Thomhaugh, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the best Way, how the Silk and Woolen Manufacture may be improved.

Jovis, 21* die Novembris;

1° Gulielmi et Maui*.

Prayers.

AAIE S S A G E from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Methnyn;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill for the more easy Recovery . of small Tythes, and for the Repair of Churches; with some Amendments: To-which they Desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Alessengers withdrew. v

Resolved, That the said Amendments be now read. The Amendments were once read throughout; and are as followeth;

2 Skin, 32 Line, instead of " retain to themselves," read " pay to the Party complaining."

3 Skin, 21 Line, after " Kingdom," add " And if, at any time hereafter, any such Suit for such small Tythes, Offerings, Oblations, Obventions, or Church Rates, shall be commenced in any Ecclesiastical Court, the Proceedings in such Suit shall be summarily, and viva voce, without Delay or Vexation; and shall be heard and determined in One or Two Court Days at most: And that no Person shall be hereafter excommunicated for not obeying the Summons or Sentence of the Ecclesiastical Court, in such Suit for small Tythes; but, upon the Notappearing or Disobedience of any Person, the Ecclesiastical Judge shall certify Two Justices of the Peace of the County; who shall proceed, as by the Statute 27 H. VIII. Ca. 20. intituled, For Tythes to be paid throughout-this Realm,’ is provided: And in Case any Ecclesiastical Judge shall proceed otherwise, then the Suit is and shall be dismissed from the Ecclesiastical Court, with Costs."

25 Line, after " Peace," add " or by any Ecclesiastical Judge."

4 Skin, 19 Line, after " Question," add " and shall prove the same by Two Witnesses upon Oath."

5 Skin, 25 Line, after " Peace," add, " or Ecclesiastical Judge."

6 Skin, 33 Line, after " Peace," add " or Ecclesiastical Judge."

34 Line, after " under," add " his or."

7 Skin, 14 Line, after " Peace," add " or Ecclesiastical Judge."

21 *, after " whatsoever," add V otherwise than is by this Act provided."

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House dQ take into Custody such Strangers, who shall presume to come into the House or Gallery, while the House or any Committee of the whole House, is sitting.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for a Grant of an Aid to their Majesties of Two Shillings in the Pound for one Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took 'the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that they had directed him to move the House, That the Committee of the whole House may sit again Tomorrow Alorning.

Resolved,

Privilege of a Member in a Suit.

Silk and Woolen Manufacture.

Recovery of Tythea, &c.

Strangers to be committed.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

2$2

Resobed, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Committees. The Question being put, That all Committees be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the YeaJ*!r 1 6

’[Sir JJunco. Colchester, /

Tellers for the Noes /^r* ^rn0^> gg

tellers for me JNoes,|Mr Whitehead, J 00-

So it passed in the Negative.

Lords desire A Message from the Lords, by Sir Adam and

Leave for Mr. Meredith;

attend them. Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire, that Colonel Godfrey, and Anth. Rowe, Esquire, may have Leave to come to the Committee, who are appointed to consider, Who were the Advisers and Prosecutors of the Murders of the Lord Russell, Colonel Sidney, and others; and who were the Advisers of Quo Ws against Corporations; to declare their Knowledge concerning those Matters.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That Colonel Godfrey and Mr. Razee have Leave to attend accordingly.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

l68p.

Ordered, That the Lady Wentworth be heard by her Counsel, at the Bar of this House, upon come-sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir John M, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Niccolls, Sir Nev. Catlyn, Mr. Mr. White, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of what of the Irish Nobility and Gentry are fit to receive his Majesty’s Bounty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Papists giving away their Estates from the next Protestant Heirs.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to reverse Two Judgments obtained by the Duke of Beaufort in Two Actions of Scandalum Magnatum; one in the

Common Pleas, against Sir Trevor Williams, Baronet, for Ten thousand and Eighty Pounds Damages; and the other in the King's Bench, against John Arnold, Esquire, for Ten thousand One hundred Pounds Damages.

Ordered, That there be also a Clause in the aforesaid Bill, to discharge an Action of Scandalum Magnatum, now depending between the Duke of Beaufort, and John Dutton Colt, Esquire.

Ordered \That Mr. Whitrow, Mayor of Dartmouth, have the Privilege of this House to attend the Committee of Elections and Privileges this Afternoon.

21° — 22° N.

Graham and Ordered, That Mr. Arnold, Sir Phil. Skippon, Colonel Burton. Whitley, Sir Dune. Colchester, Mr. Forlescue, Sir Edzv.

Aiscough, Mr. England, Lord Norrcis, Mr. Niccolls, Mr. Hobby, Sir Tho. Barnadiston, Mr. While, be added to the Committee appointed to take the Examinations of Witnesses, and prepare a Charge against Mr. Graham and Mr. Burton.

Veneris, 22* die Novembris;

1° Gulielmi et Marise.

Prayers.

Irish Affairs. RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make void and null the pretended Parliament in Ireland, and to restore Corporations there; and to take of all Forfeitures and Penalties which may be incurred by Absentees; and to discharge the Protestants there of Quit Rents, till their Majesties shall declare Ireland to be reduced.

Westminster, Ordered, That -Mwdhy-sevennight be appointed to &c. Courts of hear the Lady Russells Counsel against the Bill for Conscience, erecting a Court of Conscience for Westminster, Borough of Southzcarke, Tower Hamlets, and Out Parishes of the City of London.

Process of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to take Capu*. away Process of Capias for all Debts under Forty Shillings: And it is recommended to Mr. Solicitor General and Mr. Serjeant Woganto take care of the Bill.

Westminster, A Petition of the Lady Philadelphia Wmtxvorth was &c. Courts of read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is possessed of the Conscience. Manor of Stepny as her Inheritance, and wherein are di-, vers Courts, where her Steward tries Causes under Forty

Shillings at small Charge: That her Copyholders and Leaseholders are very numerous, and many of them Seamen; and their Families, whose Wives now make Shift, by a small Credit under Forty Shillings, paying monthly, 8$c. to sublist with their Families: Whereas, if a Bill Should pass for a Court of Conscience in the Tower Hamlets and Out Parishes (That being included), such Credit would fail; and thereby reduce those many Families to the Parishes, to be maintained; much to Prejudice of your Petitioner, and her said Manor and Estate: And praying the Consideration of the Premises, and that a Proviso may be admitted in the Bill, to except her said Manor of Stepney.

A Petition of Wm. Burton was read; setting forth, That he, being very infirm and weak in Prison, was allowed a Physician to come to him, by Order of the Earl of Shrewsbury: But, that since his Examination by this

House, he has been enjoined from such Enlargement; the Lord Shrewsbury refusing to renew his said Order without the Order of this House: And praying Consideration of his deplorable Condition; and that he may have a Physician and Nurse allowed him; and that his Relations may have recourse to him, to supply him with Christian Necessaries: But nothing done thereupon.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for granting an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some further Progress in the Bill: And that they had directed him to move the House, That the Members of this House might be ordered to bring in Lists of the Names for the respective Counties and Places for which they serve, of such Persons as they conceive fit to be Commissioners for levying the Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound granted to their Majesties.

Resolved, That the Members of this House do bring in Lists of the Names for the respective Counties and Places for which they serve, of such Persons as they conceive fit to be Commissioners for levying the Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound granted to their Majesties.

Resolved, That the House do, on Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the said Bill.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in Consideration of the State of the Nation.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend at the Lord’s Bar, in a Cause between Cooke and Cobb.

Irish

Refugees.

Papists

Protestant

Heirs.

Judgments on Scandalum Magnatum.

Person in attendance to have Privilege.

A person desires to have Indulgences.

Sapply Bill; Land Tax.

State of the Nation.

Leave for Member to attend Lords*

Duke of Buckingham’* Estate.

LegraikTi, kc. Nat*

Privilege.

Watt's Nat.

Committees.

Irish

Refugees.

Leave of Absence.

Privilege of a Member in a Suit.

State of the Nation.

Victualling the Navy.

t w. y. m*

d 3® — a 5& Novembrh.

293

Sabbati, 23* die Novembrh;

1* Gulielmi el Mariae.

Prayers.’

A PETITION of several of the Creditors of George late Duke of Buckingham, deceased, was read; setting forth, That, without the Assistance of this House, they are likely to be deprived of their just Debts owing to them from the said Duke: And therefore praying the y may have Leave to bring in a Bill for settling the said Duke’s Estate on Trustees, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table:

A . for Naturalizing of David Legrand, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made, That Joseph Turner, ThomaS Bur ridge, John Ransome, Robert Edwards, and Hen-

show, had entered into the House of Sir Richard Middleton, a Member of this House, under Pretence of a general Warrant for searching for Arms; notwithstanding the y were informed, That the said Sir Richard Middleton was a Member of this House; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Joseph Turner, Thomas Bur-ridge, John Ransome, Robert Edwards, and John shawe, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms; to answer their Breach of Privilege of this House.

Mr. Christy reports from the Committee to whom the Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the naturalizing William Watts, was referred, That the Committee

did not think fit to make any Amendment thereof; and had so directed him to report to the House.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House thereunto, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Sir Rich. Onslow, and Mr. Tichburne, be added to the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider, What of the Irish Nobility and Gentry were fit to receive his Majesty’s Bounty.

Ordered, That'Mr. Christopher Wilkinson have Leave to be absent from this House for a Month, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Weld, a Member of this House, have Leave to wave his Privilege in a Suit in Chancery, between Sam. Langley, Gentleman, Complainant, and the said Mr. Weld, and others, Defendants; if he shall think

fit so to do.

'Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being acquainted with a Letter come from Plymouth, to one Rice, from his Son there, giving an Account of great Abuses discovered in the Victuals and Beer provided for the Fleet lying the re, and ready to go forth;

The said Rice was called in to the Bar, to own the said Letter: And he owned the Receipt of the said Letter, accordingly.

And the House being likewise informed, that great Quantities of corrupt and unwholesome Victuals had been furnished to the Navy this last Summer; which had been Vol. X.

the Occasion, as was conceived," of great Sickness and Alortality in the Fleet;

And the same being attested by several Members of the House;

Resolved, That Sir John Parsons, who was one of the Commission-Victuallers of the Navy for this last Summer, be sent for fr* ordered in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House. ,nt0 Custody‘ Ordered, That Sir Rich. Haddock, one other of the Victuallers of the Navy for this last Summer, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Alderman Sturt, one other of the Victuallers of the Navy for this last Summer, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Awns attending this House.,

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Fenne, one other of the Victuallers of the Navy for this last Summer, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Luna 25* die Novembris; -

l* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Wm. Morgan, in Custody of the Privilege. Serjeant at Arms # *.

Sir John Knatchbull reports from the Committee t<3 Greenwich whom the Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience at Green- Court of wien, and other Plates in the Hundred of was Conscience,

referred, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, all of them (except the last) a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

The last Amendment, Folio 16, Line 15, after the Word " after," fill up the Blank with these Words, " First Day of January, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-nine," was read a Second time:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: And that they are to meet this Aftemoonf at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir John Doyley and Mr. Cooke be added to the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Miles Cooke and Rights of the Sir Robert Regard; Subject, and

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, inti- ti,e Crown, tuled, An Act for declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Amendments were read the First time throughout; and are as followeth; vis.

8 Skin, 31 Line, after " Prince," add " or by any King or Queen marrying a Papist."

37 Line, after " Religion," add " or shall many a Papist."

9 Skin, 5 Line, after " same," insert "and in all and every such Case or Cases, the People of these Realms shall be, and are hereby absolved of their Allegiance." v

7 Line, after " Persons," add " being Protestants."

10 Line, after "professing," add " or marrying;" and after " dead," add " and that every King and Queen of this Realm, who, at any time hereafter, shall come to, and succeed in the Imperial Crown of this Kingdom, shall, on the First Day of the Meeting of the First Parliament, next after his or her . Throne, in the House of Peers, in the Presence of the Lords and Commons therein assembled, or at his or her Coronation, before such Person or Persons w'ho shall administer the Coronation Oath to him or her, at the Time of his or her taking the said Oath, which shall first happen, make, subscribe, and audibly repeat the

4 E Declaration

294

25* — a6a Novembris. A. 1689.

Declaration mentioned in the Statute, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King’s Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament: But if it shall happen, that such King or Queen, upon his or her Succession to the Crown of this Realm, shall be under the Age of Twelve Years; then every such King and Queen shall make, subscribe, and audibly repeat the said Declaration at his or her Coronation, or the First Day of the Meeting of the First Parliament, as aforesaid, which shall first happen after such King or‘Queen shall have attained the Age of Twelve Years."

26 Line, after " Statute," insert " and except in such Cases as shall be especially provided for, by one or more Bill or Bills to be passed during this present Session of Parliament."

Kestonng Ordered, That the Bill for restoring of Corporations tk>ns°ra* rea<* a ^econ<^ time on Wednesday Morning next.

State of the Resolved, That this House do Tomorrow Morning at Nation. Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the State of the Nation.

Imh Affairs. The House being informed, that one Mr. Waller, who came lately out of Ireland, was also to give the House some Account of the Condition of the Army, and of the State of Affairs there;

Ordered, That Mr. Waller have Notice to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Richard Huse, Samuell Hall, and Thomas Privilege — Gatehouse, Inhabitants of the Borough of in Petition from

Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, was presented to the House. as y

Resolved, That the Petition be now read.

The Petition was read: But, the Petitioners not acknowledging the Offence for which they were committed:

The Petition was withdrawn.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Tuesday next, at London Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Orphans, whole House, to consider of Ways how to satisfy the Debt due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to re- Marshals)* gulate the Court of the Marshalsea. Court.

David Legrand and John Slahelin took the Oaths, in Legrand, &c. order to their Naturalization. sworn.

Major Wildman acquaints the House, from the Com- Prevarica, mittee appointed to examine Witnesses, and prepare a ti«n«fa Charge ag’iiusi Mr. Graham and Mr. Bur Ion, That Mr. "itne$s* Hugh Janes, of Clifford's Inn, being summoned as a Witness to attend the said Committee; he at first denied he knew any tiling relating to the Matter he was examined upon: But, being confronted, did then very much trifle with the said Committee; and prevaricated in delivering his Evidence to them; in Breach, and Contempt, of the Privilege and Authority of this House.

Ordered, That the said Hugh Jones be committed to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his said Breach of Privilege and Contempt.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Robert Holmes, have Leave to go

Absence. to his Command in the Isle of Wight for a Month, being to be employed there in his Majesty’s Service.

Supply Bill; Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Land lax. whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for granting an Aid to their Majesties of Two Shillings in the Pound, for one Year.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made a further Progress in the said Bill; but had not been able to go through it.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Greenwich Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Court of erecting a Court of Conscience for Greenwich, and the Conscience. Hundred of Blackheath in the County of Kent, do meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and that Sir Doyley and Mr. Cooke be added to the said Committee.

Leave for Mertiber to attend Lords

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend the House of Lords, in a Cause between Windham and Windham.

Committee*. . Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Bletchingly

Writ.

Martis 26* die Novembris;

1° Gulielmi el Mari®.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new W rit for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bletchingly in the County of Surrey, in the room of John Glydc, Esquire, deceased.

A Bill for forfeiting the Honour and Estate of the late Lord Lord Jeffrxjes, late Lord Chancellor of was read Jeffryes’

the First time. " Forfeiture

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time To-morrow-sevennight.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee appointed Attainder of

to receive Proposals for raising Money upon the Security Person* in of the forfeited Lands in Ireland, That one Captain Thorn- Rebellion* hill had, on Behalf of himself and others, offered, That, in case a $11 of Attainder be passed, as in 170 Car. Imi, they wil| advance the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds towards Reducing of Ireland: And that thereupon the Committee had come to several Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and af terwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s -Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, That a Bill of Attainder do speedily pass, for such Security, against all such Persons as are actually now in Rebellion in Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, before any Proposals can be conveniently made, or accepted, for raising Money upon Lands forfeited in Ireland, that a Bill of Attainder be passed, for attainting all Persons whatsoever of High Treason, who were in Arms against their Majesties King William and Queen Mary, the Fourteenth of February 1688, or have been in-Arms at any time since, or shall hereafter be in Arms, against their said Majesties; together with all that have been, or shall be aiding, assisting, or abetting unto the said Persons or any of them.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time;

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to attaint, of High Treason, all Persons who were in Anns against their Majesties King William and Queen Mary the Fourteenth Day of February 1688, or have been in Arms at any time since, or shall hereafter be in Arms, against their Majesties; together with all that have been, or shall be aiding, assisting, or abetting unto the said Persons, or any of them.

And it is referred unto Mr. Ilawles, Sir Ji m.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Christy, Mr. Mr.

Brewer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Mr.

20 Solicitor

Irish Affairs.

Privilege — Petition from a Person in Custody.

Papers to be returned.

State of the Nation.

Address

against

Shales.

W. &.M.

a6° — 27" N

Solicitor General, Mr. Ellwe/l, or any Three of them, to prepare the Bill.

The House being informed, that Mr. Waller, that lately came from Ireland, attended at the Door;

He was called in to the Bar: Where he gave the House an Account of the State of the Army in and the

Condition of Affairs there.

And then withdrew.

Mr. Herne attending in his Place, according to the Order of Y esterday, the Petition of Wm. in

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was again read.

And Mr. Iloue not opposing his having his Liberty, till the Matter of the said Petition be examined;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred 'o the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Wm. Morgan have his Liberty, until the Matter of the said Petition be examined by the said Committee: And that he do, from time to time, attend the Committee for that Purpose, when required.

Ordered, That all the Books and Papers, delivered by Sir John Stonehouse to the Committee of Privileges the

last Sessions of this Parliament, touching the late Election for Abbington, he re-delivered back again to the said Sir

John Stonehouse, or his Agents.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the State of the Nation: And

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of the whole House, That, having proceeded further in the Consideration of the State of Lie Nation, had come to several Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read Land is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That Mr. John Shales, Commissary General of the Provisions, be forthwith taken into Custody; and all his Accompts, Papers, and Stores, secured: And that a fit Person or Persons be put into his Place: And that his Majesty will be pleased to impower Duke Schomberghto do the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty will please to let this House know, Who recommended Commissary Shales to his Majesty, and advised his being employed.

The first of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemineconiradicenle, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That Mr. John Shales, Commissary General of the Provisions, be forthwith taken into Custody; and all his Accompts, Papers, and Stores, secured: And that a tit Person or Persons be put into his Place: And that his Majesty will be pleased to impower Duke Schomberg to do the same.

Ordered, That Major Wildntan do go and present the said Address to his Majesty immediately.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

The Quest ion was put, That the Debate be adjourned.

The House divided.

The Y eas go forth.

Tellers for tl.e Yc,s, [g*>} 89.

Tellers for«,e Noes} 80.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,.

Vo l.X.

29$

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clocks

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committed

Mercurii,27* die Novembris; l* Gulielmi cl Maris,.

PraYees.

A PETITION of Richard liaise, Samuell Hull, Privilege — and Thomas Gatehouse, Inhabitants of for

in the County of Southampton, in Custody of the Serjeant Discharged at Arms attending this House, was read; setting forth,

That they being sorry they had incurred the Displeasure of this House, by encouraging the giving Money, and by other Irregularities, at the Election; but they being so-near Ruin with their Families, by the Army of the late King continually quartering upon them; and praying the Consideration of the House, and that they may be discharged from their Confinements;

Ordered, That the said Rich. Hewse, Samuell and Tho. Gatehouse, be discharged out of Custody; paying their Fees.

And they were called in to the Bar; and severally reproved by Mr. Speaker for their Offences; and disc harged accordingly.

The House being informed of & Breach of Privilege Privilege committed against Captain Rcignolds, a Member of this House, by one William Whitlock, in his taking and disposing of several Hoys of Culm, or Chalk, containing Pour or Five hundred Loads; and that he said, he wouldso do, notwithstanding the said Captain Privilege;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the same, with their Opinions therein to the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Dartmouth Elections, touching the Election of a Burgess, to serve in Election, this present Parliament for the Borough of Dartmouth, be made Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock,

Ordered, That Sir John Trevor have Leave to attend Leave for at the Bar of the House of Lords, in a Cause between Member t* Cooke and Cobb. ?tte"d

Lords.

Major Wildmanacquaints the House, That he had, Answer t*

according to their Order, attended his Majesty with their Address. Address for the securing Commissary Shales, and his Accompts and Papers: And thatjiis Majesty was pleased graciously to accept the Care of this House, and to give an Answer to this Effect: That he had some time since taken Order therein, being informed of the said Captain Shales' Misdemeanors in his -Employment; and had written to Duke Schombergh for that Purpose: And that his Majesty was pleased further to add, That he verily believed, what was desired, was already effectually done; though, the Wind being contrary, lie had not a3 yet received any Account thereof from Irelan

And a Copy of the said Letter, being produced to the House, was delivered in at the Clerk's Table; and there read; and is as followeth:

Wij.liam R.

RIGHT Trusty and Right intirely Beloved Cousin

and Counsellor, We greet you well. Whereas We have understood from you, and others, the Mismanagement of John Shales, Esquire, Commissary General of the Provisions, in the Discharge of the Trust reposed in him, for supplying our Army in Ireland with Provisions, and other Necessaries; which has been very prejudicial to Our Service: We have therefore thought tit hereby tu signify unto you Our Royal Will and Pleasure, 'ihat Upon the Arrival of Our Trusty and Well-bclovod Robinson, and Bartholomew Vauhomrig, Esquires, you

cans*

Privilege — counterfeiting a Protec tiou.

Leave for Member to attend Lords.

Address

respecting

Shales.

a S'* Novembris.

A. 16S9.

tause the said John Shales to be put in Arfest, when you shall find it most convenient for Our Service: And that, at the same time, Care be taken to seize the Books -and Papers of the said John Shales ', and to cause them to be viewed and examined in his Presence: And that, in case any thing shall be found in them, importing any Crime against Us, the said Books and Papers be safely kept: And, if any thing shall appear material in the Discovery of any Fraud, in relation to his Accompts, Copies be taken of such Parts or Clauses of them, and Marks put upon every Page of the said Accompts, as likewise upon any material Interlineation, Words or Figures blotted; and such further Care taken in the Perusal and Examination of his said Books and Papers in his Presence; as you shall think fit: And that, for the avoiding any Pretence that may be made by him of Loss or Imbezilment of his Papers or Accompts, they be not detained from him; provided nothing be found in them of treasonable Practices against Our Person and Government: It being'Our fur--ther Pleasure, That you impower and direct the said William Robertson, and Bartkolomtxv to re-

ceive into their Charge from the said John Shales, and his Deputies, upon a Survey first taken, the Remains of tire Provisions of the Army, and such as shall be consigned to -him; as also the Horses and Carriages belonging to the ^Provisions; and do in all tilings take upon them the Trust and Execution of the Office of Commissary General of the Provisions of Our Army in Ireland. And We do farther direct, That the said John Shales be detained in safe Custody, until he shall have rendered to the said Robinson, and Bartholomew Vanhomrig, a full Accompt of the Monies, Provisions, -and Cloaths received by him for the Use of our Army: And that, upon their trans-. mitting thg said Accompts to the Commissioners of Our Treasury, Our further Pleasure shall be known concerning him. And so We bid you very heartily Farewell. Given at Our Court at Whitehall, the Sixth Day of November One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-nine; in the First Year of Our Reign.

By His Majesty’s Command,

Nottingham.

To Our Right Trusty and Right intirely Beloved Cousin and Counsellor,

Fredrick Duke of Schomberglt, G eneral of Our Armies.

jiSS.

J

142-

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put: '

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Noes, f

’(Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main- Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty will be pleased to let this House know, Who recommended Commissary Shales to his Majesty, and advised his being employed;

The House divided;

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /Mr* euers for the 1 eas, ^|r

1QJ.

146.

T n r , 1 X- fSir 77/o. Littleton,

Telle,', for tlx Noes,(Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare the said Address, and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Ro Mr. Mon-

tague, Sir Tho. Clarges, Colonel Birch, Mr. Paid Foley, Mr. Hen. Herbert, Sir Rob. Cotton, Colonel Austen, Mr. Garway, Sir Fran. Drake, Mr. Christy, Mr. Hordes, Mr. Ellwell, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Dalben, Sir Rob. Sarcyer, Mr. Sackeverell, Mr. Jo.Hamden, Mr. Grey, Sir Peter

Coryton, Sir Francis Russell, Mr. White, Sir Tho. Lee,

Sir Walter Young, Sir Wm.Cooke, Mr. Smith, Lord Digby,

or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Altef-noon at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committem

Jovis, 28° die Novembris;

1° Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir John Morgan have Leave to Lea'’? of go into the Country, to his Command, for a Month. Abseaee.

The House being informed, that one Smith of *, . near the Devizes in Hampshire, had, in Breach of the

Privileges of this House, produced a....., as under the

Hand and Seal of Sir Richard Onslow, a Member of this House, and as allowed by the Sheriffs of Surrey and Wilts’, and had thereby got himself discharged from an Arrest;

And Sir Richard Onslow acquainting the House, That lie never gave any such, or any other Protection; and, if any such be, it is counterfeited and forged;

Ordered, That the said # Smith be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his said Breach of Privilege, in counterfeiting the said Protection.

Sir Robert Nappier acquaints the House, That he had been informed, That several written Protections had been given by Members of this House; and that undue Means had been used to obtain such Protections.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Nappier do This-day-seven-night produce the Persons at the Bar of the House, who gave him the said Information.

Ordered, That Sir William Williams have Leave to attend the Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Cooke and Cobb.

Then the House resumed the Debate Yesterday adjourned:

And the Question being proposed, That the House do agree with the Committee, that an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty will be pleased to let-this House know, Who recommended Commissary Shales to his Majesty, and advised his being employed;

*< ' 14

A Petition of Paige Robinson, in Custody of the Ser- Privilege — jeant at Arms attending this House, was read; setting- " Person forth, That he was so committed for giving and taking P^t‘tj^so^r Bribes; whereby he hath justly incurred the Displeasure

of the House (for which he is heartily sorry, acknowledging his Offence in so doing); it being at the Election of Stockbridge in the County of Southampton: And pray -ing to be discharged out of Custody, and from the Charge of his Confinement

Ordered, That Paige Robinson be discharged out of Custody; paying his Fees.

And he was called in to the Bar, and severely reproved by Mr. Speaker; and discharged accordingly.

Colonel Sackvile reports from the Committee appoint- Cane Chain, ed to consider of the best Way for improving the Silk i-c-and Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom, That they had agreed upon a Bill for the prohibiting the making or selling of Cane Chairs, Couches, and Squabs: And presented the Bill to the House.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of Elections, Dartmouth to w hom the Alatter, touching the Election of a Burgess Election, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardnesse in the County of Devon, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee:

The which he produced in Writing; and- delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same was there read; and is as followeth;

Upon

W. & M.

28° Novembfis.

297

Upon the Petition of Joseph Heme, Esquire, against the Election and Return of George Booth, Esquire, a Burgess for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hanhiesse, in the County of Devon.

That it appeared, the Right of Election was in the Freemen of the said Borough: And that the determining the present Election depended upon the Allowing, or not Allowing, of the Voices of Twenty-five Freemen made Seventeenth of August last, whereof Twenty-four voted for Mr. Booth, the Sitting Member: And if those Twenty-four were not good Voices, the Majority was agreed to be with the Petitioner.

And, as to the making the said Twenty-four Freemen, That the Fact was, That Mr. Boone, late Burgess for the said Borough, being dead; on the Thirteenth of August last, there was an Order of this House, for a new Writ to chuse a Burgess in his room. On the Sixteenth of August the Writ was Tested.

On the Sixteenth of August it was discoursed at Dartmouth, That Mr. Boone was dead: But Mr. Booth and Mr, Herne were not then particularly named to stand for Bu rgesses.

That, Seventeenth of August (being Saturday, no common Court Day), the Twenty-five Freemen in Question were made: But it was agreed the Mayor might call a Court any Day.

That it appeared. That the Freemen of the said Borough had been formerly made by the Consent of the Mayor, and greater Part of the Magistrates of the said Borough.

That, at the Time of making these Twenty-five Freemen, there were for the Town Five Magistrates, besides the Mayor; whereof Two, vizSaunders and Kenny colt, were unqualified for not taking the Oaths.

That, at the Making of these Freemen, there wras present the Mayor, and Three Magistrates, Muddy Holdsxvorth, and Saunders: And that Mudd and Korth protested against their making tree: But Saunders agreeing with Mr. JVilroic.who was then Mayor, the Mayor claimed his Casting Voice; and commanded Arthur Kelly, the Town Clerk, to swear them; who, though at first refused, yet at last did swear them.

That it appeared, Some of those Twenty-five Men, that were made Free, w ere Fifty-and-Six Years of Age.

That it was usual, when there was not sufficient Freemen for the Service of the Town, to make new Freemen: And that at this Time there were Fifty or Sixty Freemen.

That only Freemen are returned upon Juries; and upon one Jury, That but Eleven appeared; and the Mayor sent out for another Juryman.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which the said Mr. Grey read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Twenty-five Freemen w’ere not duly nor legally made.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That George Booth, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clif ton Dartmouth Hardnesse, in the County of Dev on.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Joseph Heme. Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardnesse, in the County of Devon.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine coniradivente, That the House doth agree with the Committee, that the said Twenty-five Freemen were not duly nor legally made.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That George Booth, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardnesse, in the County of Devon.

V01..X.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, That Joseph Herne, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardnesse, in the County of Devon.

The House being informed, that the Clerk of the Crown attended at the Door;

He was called in; and amended the Return for the said Borough, by striking out the Name of the said George Booth, and inserting the Name of the said Joseph Herne instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Whit row, late Mayor of Clifton Dartmouth Hardnesse, in the County of Devon, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Misdemeanors touching the Election of a Burgess to serve id this present Parliament for the said Borough.

A Petition bf George Churchill, now Prisoner in the Privilege — Tenter of London, was read; whereby he acknowledged a Member in his Offence; and that he hath justly suffered under the dis^.*

Displeasure of this House, by his said Imprisonment: charge.

And praying to be restored to the Favour of this House, and by their Order to his Liberty.

Ordered, That the said Geo. Churchill be discharged from his Imprisonment in the Tower.

Resolved, That the House do now’ resolve itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Con- Land Tax^ sideration of a Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some further Progress in the said Bill: And that they had directed him to move the House, that they may sit again Tomorrow Morning: And that the Members of the several Counties may be ordered to bring in the Names of Commissioners for their respective Counties at that times

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Members of the several Counties do bring in the Names of the Commissioners, for their respective Counties, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do, Tomorrow Morning, bring m Commissioners Names; for the Assessing of the Middle Temple, and the Inns of Chancery thereto belonging, upon the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound for one Year.

Ordered, That Sir Robert SerwytT, Mr. Finch, and Mr. Foley, do. Tomorrow Morning, bring in Commissioners Names, for the Assessing of the Inna' Temple, and the Inns of Chancery thereunto belonging, upon the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound for one Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Hawlcs do, Tomorrow Morning, bring in Commissioners Names for the Assessing of Lin-colne's Inn, and the Inns of Chancery thereunto belonging, upon the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound for one Year.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Williams do, Tomorrow Morning, bring in Commissioners Names for the Assessing of Grey's Inn, and the Inns of Chancery thereunto belonging, upon the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound for one Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, and Mr. Serjeant Wogan do, Tomorrow Morning, bring in Commissioners Names for the Assessing of the respective Serjeants Inns, upon the Bill for granting to their Majesties! an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound, for one Year.

4 F

Ordered,

Leave of Absence.

Defaulters to Call of the House.

Committees.

Leave of

Absence.

Silk ami Woollen Manufactures.

Judgments on Scanda-lum Magnatum.

Leave of Absence.

Restoring

Corpora-

tiens.

Bill of Indemnity.

Bill of Pains and Penalties.

Indemnifying Persons acting for their Majesties.

Address respecting Shales.

28° — Novm1689.

Ordered, That if any’Member of this House do go out of Town without Leave.of the House, that.he be sent for -by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That all such Members who were Defaulters upon the last Calling over the House, do attend this ‘-House upon Monday next come Sevenqight; upon the Penalty of being sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Vemris, 29* die;

a Gulielmi ct Mari«e.

Prayers.

RDERED, Th&tColonel Strangewayes have Leave to b,e absent from this House for a Month; his Wife heipg very ill in the Country.

Colonel Sackvile reports from the Committee appointed to consider of the best Way for improving the Silk and ^pollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, that they had agreed upon a Bill for enjoining the Wearing of Woollen for certain Months in the Year: Which Bill lie presented to -the House.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Revoked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for annulling and reversing Two Judgments of Ten thousand Pounds a-piece, besides Costs, given against Sir Trevor Williams, and John Arnold, Esquire, in Two several Actions of Scandalum brought against

them by the Duke of Beaufort; as also to discharge an Action of Scandalum Magnatum brought by the said IKike, and now depending against John Dutton Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Mr. Gorges to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon urgent Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervois have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for his Health.

Ordered, That the Bill for restoring of Corporations be read the Second time, on Monday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered That the Bill for a general Pardon and Indemnity be read the Second time on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for inflicting Pains and Penalties on such as have violated the Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom, be read the First time on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to indemnify all such Persons from private Actions, that have acted in order to the bringing in their present Majesties; or for their Service, or Safety of the Government

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare and bring in the Bill,

Mr. Dalbenreports from the Committee to whom it

was referred to prepare an humble Address to be presented to his Majesty, That he will please to let this House know, Who recommended Commissary Shales to his Majesty, and advised his being employed; That they had prepared an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House": The which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth;

WE Your Majesty s most dutiful 'Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, being filled with the deepest and most sincere Affection to Your Majesty’s Royal Person, and out of the most tender Regard to Your Majesty's and Your People’s Safety, and the Honour of Your Government, do most humbly represent to Your Majesty the extreme Danger we conceive the Nation and Your Majesty’s Affairs to be in, by the Employment of Persons in the greatest Trust, who are so far from being faithful to Your Majesty’s and Your People’s Interest, that they have -corruptly and treacherously endeavoured the Destruction of both: Especially Mr. Shales, who

was made Commissary General of the Provisions for Your Majesty’s Army in Ireland, notwithstanding lie was notoriously known to be popishly affected, and to have served the late King James as his Commissary. The Mis-

chiefs which have happened by the Employment of this Mao are very great; and of such a Nature, as, without Gods infinite Mercy to Your Majesty and this Nation, might intirely have defeated their Majesties good Intentions, and the Effect of the Resolutions of this Houses in order to the reducing of Ireland to its due Obedience to Your Majesty. In particular, w'hen that experienced General Duke Schomberg went, by Your Majesty’s Command, into Ireland', he left strict Orders for the speedy Transporting the Ordnance and Horse, designed for the Service of that Kingdom: And it pleased God to bless his first Attempts to that Degree, that, if the said Orders had been executed, Your Majesty’s Affairs in Ireland had been in a much better Posture than now they are. But the said Commissary Shales, partly to satisfy his own Covetousness, and partly out of Disaffection to Your Majesty's Service, did delay the Execution of the said Orders for several Weeks; by Reason whereof Your Majesty’s Forces were not only disabled for pursuing the Advantages they had gained upon the Enemy, but were also necessitated to encamp at Dundalk; which occasioned the Loss of some Thousands of Your Majesty’s Subjects. Wherefore, we the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly desire, That Your Majesty would be graciously pleased to let this House know', who recommended Commissary S/uiles to Your Majesty, and advised his being employed; to the end that we may be the better enabled to offer to Your Majesty such humble Advice, as may tend to the Preservation of 1 our Majesty’s Royal Person and Government.

Resolved, That the Committee w'ho prepared the said Address, do present the same to his Majesty.

Sabbati, 30* die

1° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AP ET ITIO N of Robert Edwards, and John

sham, was redd; setting forth, That the Petitioners were taken into Custody for a Breach of Privilege committed against Sir Rich. Middleton, one of the Members of this House: And they, having begged his Pardon, do beg the Pardon of the House also: And praying to be discharged from their Confinement.

A Bill to reverse the Attainder of Sir Thomas Armstrong, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for settling, a Maintenance upon, the Minister of Astley in the County of Wanoick.

A Petition of Edm. Prideau.r, of Ford Abbey in Devonshire, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That, being at his House on the Nineteenth Day of June One thousand Six hundred Eighty-five, was seized, by one of the late King’s Messengers, for Suspicion of Treason,; and

20 brought

Privilege — Persons petition for discharge.

Reversing

Armstrong'*

Attainder.

Astley

Vicarage.

Prideaux's Claim on Lord Jeff ryes.

! WififM. JO 0 I^embris.^20 De209

brought to the Messenger s House in London; where he Continued a Prisonertill Fourteenth following; when be wftfc discharged by an Habeas , he giving Secu-

rity !to appear the First Day of the next Term: And that, during his said Imprisonment, he often desired to be examined before the Council, that he might know his Accuser, or Crime; but-could not be admitted thereto: That the Petitioner, continuing in London, in order to his Appearance, was, on the Fourteenth Day of September following, again seized, and sent close Prisoner to the for High Treason; where his Wife could not, without great Difficulty, obtain to see him, and that under the Condition of being kept close Prisoner with him; who was so, till by Indisposition she was forced to procure her Release: That, in the Time of the Petitioner’s Imprisonment, a general Inquiry was made by the late Lord Jefffryesamongst the Prisoners and condemned Persons in the We^t, for an Accusation against the Petitioner: And some with Threats, and others with Promises of Life, were procured to be his Accusers; particularly Mr. Charles Speakers he declared before his Execution) was proffered his Life to swear against him: That the Petitioner hearing of these Endeavours, and knowing his Ihnocency, he endeavoured an Application to the late King, by Two Persons of Quality, for his Majesty’s Pardon: But was answered, That the King had given your Petitioner to the said Lord Jeffryes: Whereupon a known Agent of his Lordship’s undertook to transact the Matter of getting the Petitioner’s Pardon by his Means; and his Wife was then refused to see him any more, unless he w ould contract to lay down Fifteen thousand Pounds; which, after Sever! Months close Imprisonment, the Petitioner did sign Bbnds to pay; and the same was paid accordingly in Three Days after, to the great Prejudice of his Estate: And praying the Consideration of tire Hotrse in the Premises; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to make the said late Lord Jeffryes' Estate lyable to the Restitution of the

Fifteen thousand Pounds to the Petitioner.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to charge the Estate of the late Lord Jeffryes with the said Fifteen thousand Pounds.

Sonthamptofi A Petition of Sir Charles Knight, was read;

Eltction. setting forth, That he was duly elected in the Place of llichard Brett, Esquire, deceased, as a Burgess for the Town and County of Southampton, by the Majority Of the Electors there; yet that, notwithstanding, by indirect Practice, Mr. Edward Fleming is returned by the Mayor,

and Sheriff, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and to the apparent Wrong of the Electors: And praying a Short Day may be appointed for hearing the Petitioner’s Complaint.

Ordered, That the Consideration of Sir Charles

ham’s Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And they are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions thete-in, to the House.

His Majesty is further pleased to let the House know, Account af That, upon Consideration of the Address of the Eleventh th# Army; bf Noverhbet', he gives them Leave to nominate soma

Persons to go over inth Ireland, to take an Account of the Number of the Arrhy there, and the State and Condition of it, who shall receive his Majesty’s Orders accordingly.

Resolved, Niemine Cimtrddicenle, That the humble Thanks for Thanks of this House be presented to his Majesty, for his Message, most gracious Message this Day to this House.

Resolved, That the whole House do attend his Majesty to present the same.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty’s most honourable T^rivy Council, do wait Upon his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, When he will be pleased to be attended by this House, to present their humble Thanks for his gracious Message this Day to this House;

A Motion bein£ made, And a Question being proposed, Waj s and That the House do presently resolve into a Committee Means; of the whole House, to consider of the most speedy and effectual Ways for raising the Two Millions granted to their Majesties.

The previous Question was put, That that Question be how put:

The House divided;

The Noes go forth.

Teller, forrteYea,^ },»-

}’8"

So it passed in the Negative,

Resolved, That this House do presently resolve itself Supply Bill; Into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Tax* further Consideration of the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound for One Vear; and how to make the said Bill more effectual.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some further Progress in the Bill; And that they had directed him to move, That the Committee may sit again on Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Members of such Counties as have not already brought in Lists of Commissioners Names for the said Bill, do bring the same on Monday Morning next.

Leave «f Abseacr.

Message from the King — provisioning. Army in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Windham have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon urgent Business.

Mr. Comptroller acquaints the House, That he had a Message from his Majesty to this House, in Writing: Which he delivered to Mr. Speaker: Who read the same; and is as followeth:

HIS Majesty, having already declared his Resolutions, to prosecute the War in Ireland with the utmost Vigour; and being desirous to use the Means that may be most satisfactory and effectual in order to it; is graciously pleased, That this House do recommend a Number of Persons, not exceeding Seven, to be commissioned by His Majesty to take care of the Provisions, and such other Preparations as shall be necessary for that Service.

Voju X.

Luna, 2* die Decembris; i° Giilielmi et Marite.

Praters.

A PETITION of Nicholas Pigott, Esquire, was Restoration read; setting forth, That after Sir Wm. Wallet had of Papers, taken Mr. Rob. Brent, he seized a Trunk of Writings, ' wherein were several Deeds and Wa itings belonging so his.

Clients, and others; the which Trunk the Petitioner procured to be brought before a Committee of this House r And for that the Petitioner was intrusted With the Writings, in order to the delivering: them to those to whom they belong, and praying the House would give Order, that such of die Papers and Writings as content private Persons only, may be delivered to the Petitioner.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Arnold, Mr.

Christy, Sir Mat. Andrews, do inspect the said Writings, and make a Schedule of them; and report the same to the House; to the end the House may give such further Order therein as may be fit.

A Bill

3°°

Reversing A Bill to reverse the Attainder of Sir Thomas Atta*^0"8'8 strong was rea<^ Second time.

1,1 er‘ Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Christy, Sir John Sir Jos.

Tredenham, Mr. White, Mr. II. Trenchard, Mr. Coryton, Sir John Guise, Mr. NiccMr. Dqlben, Sir Tho.

uadis ton, Mr. H. Herbert, Mr. Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Smith, Sir John Trenchard, Mr. Mr.

den, Mr. Mansell, Sir John Sir

Sir Rob.Davers, Sir Cha. Sir Rob. Mr.

Haxvles, Mr. Done, Sir Russell, Lord Mr. Cooke, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rob. Rich, Lord Commissioner Maynard, Mr. Colt, Sir Philip Skippon, Mr. Cognisby, Mr. Brevier, Mr. Sir

Walter Young, Sir Wm. Leceson Mr. England,

Mr. Gxvyn, Mr. Ellxccll, Colonel Tipping, Mr. Pitts, Colonel Birch, Mr. Solicitor General: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, in the Afternoon: And they are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

1689.

would please to let the House know, Who recommended Commissary Shales to his Majesty, and advised his being employed, had attended his Majesty therewith accordingly: And that his Majesty was pleased to give them this Answer:

Gentlemen,

It is impossible for Me to give you an Answer to This Question.

Ordered, That ajl Committees be adjourned. Committees.

Resolved, That the House do,.Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Lan<1 lax* proceed further upon the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound for One Year.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Williams have Leave to attend L?ave foT the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between !Vlember to Duvall and Eihmrdl. a""'1 U,r'h‘

2° — 3° Decembris.

Supply Bill;

collecting

Revenue.

Leave of Absence.

King appoints to be attended.

Resolutions touching recommendation of persons to go to Ireland.

Answer to Address.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Continuance of collecting their Majesties' Revenue for one Year longer.

Ordered, That Mr . James Herbert have Leave to go

into the Country for a Week, upon urgent Business.

Mr, Comptroller acquaints the House, That he, according to their Order, had waited on his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, When he would be attended by this House, to give him Thanks for his gracious Message on Saturday last; his Majesty had appointed Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall, to be attended accordingly.

A Debate arising in the House upon his Majesty’s said Message;

A Question was proposed, That this House doth not think fit to recommend any Member of this House to be employed in the Service of Ireland, according to his Majesty’s gracious Message.

And a Debate arising thereupon:

The Question was put, That the Debate be adjourned.

And it passed in the Negative.

An Amendment being offered to be made to the said Question, by leaving out the Words, " Member of this House

And the Question being put, That those Words be left out of the Question:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the I._____

Other Amendments being offered to be made, by adding, after " Irelatul," these Words, " for the Purposes expressed inand leaving out " according to;" and, after " Message," to add these Words, " of Saturday last;"

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth not think fit to recommend any Member of this House to be employed in the Service of Ireland, for the Purposes expressed in his Majesty’s gracious Message of Saturday last.

Resolved, That this House doth humbly desire to be excused from recommending any Persons to his Majesty, to be employed in the Service of Ireland: But humbly leave it to his Majesty’s great Wisdom to nominate fit Persons for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do acquaint his Majesty with, the said Resolution, when he presents the Thanks of the House to his Majesty.

Mr. Dalben acquaints the House, That the Committee appointed to present the Address to his Majesty, That he

f Sir Hen.Hobart,

\ Colonel Tipping, f Sir Waller Young, \ Sir Fra. Drake,

C ergative.

128.

201.

Ordered, That Mr. St. Johns have Leave to wave his Privilege of Privilege in a Suit in Chancery, between him and the a ^le'nber u* Lady Wharton; if he think fit. a Ul

Mart is, 3* die Decembris; i® Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers,

ORDERED, That Mr. Colman have Leave to go

into the Country, for a Fortnight, for Recovery of A ieuce* his Health.

Abraham Craiestyn took the Oaths at the Table, in Craiestyu order to his Naturalization. sworn.

Ordered, That Mr. Stretford have Leave to go into l eave of the Country for a Fortnight, upon earnest Business. Absence.

A Complaint being made, That the Writ for Electing Delay of of a Burgess for the Borough of Dorchester, in the County Dorchester of Dorsett, in the room of Gerrard Esquire, n ’

deceased, is not executed;

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper, the late Under Sheriff, and Mr. Atwell, the present Under Sheriff of the County of

Dorsett, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning; to give an Account of the Reason thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Sawyer have Leave to attend Leave for the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between Men, ber* to-

Mei'cer and Wright.

attend Lords —

Ordered, That Mr. Hawles have Leave to attend the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between Dawson and Dodd.

Resolved, That this House do, upon Friday Morning London next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Oiphansv of the whole House to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debt due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That the Bill for confirming the Charters of University the Two Universities, be read Tomorrow Morning, the Charters. First time.

Ordered, That the Lists of the Commissioners Names, Laud Tax brought in by the Members of the House, for the Bill for Commis-granting an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound, be re- 81oner»-ferred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is referred.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of Land dX-the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

i W. & M. 30 — 4’ — 5

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made a further Progress in the said Bill: And that they had directed him to move the House, That the Committee may sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of ' the said Bill.

Answer to Mr. Speaker reports, That he had Yesterday attended Thanks and his Majesty at the Banquetting House in Whitehall, and Resolutions. presente(i the Thanks of this House to his Majesty for his most gracious Message of Saturday last; and had also acquainted his Majesty with the Resolution of this House upon the said Message: And that his Majesty was pleased to return his Answer to this Effect:

Gentlemen,

I shall take all the Care that may be, to carry on the War in Ireland with Vigour; and to employ such Persons as may be most proper for the Service: And I doubt not, but that I shall have the Assistance of the House of Commons, to carry it on in such a Manner as may be according to your Desires, and My Intentions.

Decembris. 3^*

the Borough of Dorchester, in tffo room 6f Mr. Napier lately deceased.

And, having given an Account thereof, they withdrew.

Ordered, That the Mayor of Dorchester doth forthwith proceed to execute the Precept sent him by the late Sheriff, for the Electing of a Burgess for that Borough.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of Lau-the Bill for granting an Aid to their Majesties of Two Shillings in the Pound for one Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made a further Progress in the said Bill: And that they had directed him to move the House, That the Committee may sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of thi whole House, to proceed itl the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Reversing Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of TVinton, Sir Armstrong’s Scroope How, Mr. Colt, Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Baldnyn,

Attainder. Mr. Fortescue, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for reversing the Attainder of Sir Thomas Armstrong is referred.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Leave for Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend the Member to House of Lords, as Counsel in Causes between Mercer attend Lords. an(j Wright, and Duvall and Edwards.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the ingroSsed Punishing Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled An Act for punishing Officers or Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters, was referred, be revived; and do meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock: And that Colonel bington, Mr. White, Colonel Gretnvilc, Mr. Freke, Sir John Doyly, Mr. Thomson, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. H.

Herbert, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Colt, Sir Edw. Norris, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Rockland, Mr. Baulkly, be added to the said Committee.

University

Charters.

Mercurii, 4,° die Decembris;

1* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

A BILL for Confirmation of the Charters of the Two Universities, and their Liberties and Privileges, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Privilege — A Petition of John Whitrow, late Mayor of Dartmouth,

Petition irom was rea(]. setting forth, That, being deeply sensible of the Custody'.m Displeasure he had deserved from this House; and being heartily sorry for the same, and for making any Freemen after the Teste of the Writ for a late Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament: And begging the Pardon of the House; and that he may be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said John Whitrow be discharged, paying his Fees.

And he was brought to the Bar of the House by the Serjeant at Arms; and reproved by Mr. Speaker, for his disorderly Making of Freemen after the Teste of the Writ for electing a Burgess there; and discharged accordingly.

Supply Bill; A Bill to prevent Doubts and Disputes in the collecting Revenue8 their Majesties Revenue, was read the First Time; ana evenue. ordered a Second Reading Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller, Lord Colchester, Reversing Colonel Talmatch, Mr. Row, be added to the Committee xitoinder8'1 to whom the Bill for reversing the Attainder of Sir ThO.

Armstrong was referred.

Jovis, 5° die Decembris; i° Gulielmi et Maria.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Wm. Batson, Esquire, was read; Batson'* setting forth, That, upon his Marriage with Carolina Eeuu. his now Wife, he settled a J ointure on her, of certain Lands in the County of Oron: And the Petitioner being since settled in Sujjolke, where he has a Prospect of purchasing

a much better Estate, in Case the other may be sold; being with the Consent of the Trustees, and all Parties therein . concerned; and praying, That this House would give bim Leave to bring in a Bill for selling the said settled Estate; and that the Monies arising thereby m iy be applied tow ards the purchasing Lands in Com Sujjolke, to be settled in such Manner as the said Estate w as belore settled, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for selling the Estate in the County of Oxon, and settling the Estate in the County of Sujfolke in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, upon urgent Occasions. Absence.

Milcbell

Election.

Delay of

Dorchester

Writ.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges, touching the Election of a Burgess for Mitchell in’ the County of Cornwall, be made upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

The House being acquainted, That the late Under Sheriff of the County of Dorsett, and the present Under Sheriff, attended at the Door, according to an Order made Yesterday;

They were called in; and examined at the Bar concerning the Issuing of a Precept for electing a Burgess for Vol X.

A Petition of several Joyners, Turners, Carvers, Saw- Cane Chair*, yers, Carters of Chairs, and others about the City of Lon* &c’ don, was read; setting forth, That they understand a Bill is passing for preventing the Making of Cane Chairs; which, if it Should pass, will tend to their utter Ruin; and many Thousands more deprived of a Livelihood; and praying, That before such a Bill do pass, they may be heard at the Bar, to give their Reasons against the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be taken into their Consideration, when the Bill lor

4 G prohibiting

Irish Pro* testants.

Commissioners of Victualling.

To be liberated on Bail.

Miscarriages of the War.

Settling the forces.

Supply Bill;

Collecting

Revenue.

Provision for Prince and Princess of ' Demnarke.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

30a 5° — 6 Decembris.A. 1689.

prohibiting the Making of Cane Chairs, Couches, and Resolved, That the House will receive the said Report Squabs, shall be read a Second time. To-uiorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

A Bill for the better securing their Majesties Protestant Subjects of Ireland, against the illegal Proceedings of the Veneris 6’ die;

Rebels, nowin actual Rebellion against their Majesties in

that Kingdom, was read the First time. j- Gulielmi et Marne.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Prayers.

A Petition of Sir Richard Haddocke, Sir Anthony Sturt, and Nicholas the late Commissioners for victualling their Majesties Navy, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read; setting forth, That they find they are fallen under the Displeasure of this House: and that they are heartily sorry for it: But that yet, they hope they shall make their Innocency appear, when they shall be admitted to answer for themselves; having behaved themselves in their Majesties Service, as became honest, loyal, and dutiful Subjects and Servants, with their utmost Care and Diligence: And praying, That they may have their Liberties, upon giving such sufficient Bail, or otherwise, as Should be required for their Appearance from time to time.

And the Question being put, That the said Sir Rich. Haddock, Sir John Parsons, Anthony Sturt, and Nicholas Femie, be admitted to give Bail;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for foe Yees,{ j,

Tellers for foe Noes, j j 10j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House be impowered to take Bond for the Appearance of the said Sir Richard Haddock, Sir Parsons, Anthony Sturt, and Nicholas Femie, from time to time, at the Bar of this House, when and as often as they shall be thereunto required by this House.

Ordered, That each of the said Persons shall be bound with Two Securities for their Appearance; the Principal to be bound in Five thousand Pounds Penalty, and the Security in Two thousand Five hundred Pounds apiece.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom it was referred to examine into the Miscarriage of the War for the last Year, and the Victuals and Provisions for the Navy, do make their Report with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the settling the Forces of this Kingdom, be revived; and do meet Tomorrow at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

ABI L L-for the Naturalizing of John Rogerson, was Ht>g?rsou t read the First time. . Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Isaiah de JValpergen and John Rogerson, took the \Valperg»n’«, Oaths at the Table, in order to their Naturalization. <SiC> ‘N‘tL

A Petition of the Company of Weavers at London and Woollen Canterbury was read: setting forth, That such a Law as Manuiuc-the Bill for enjoining the Wear of Woollen for certain ture‘ Months, will, as the Petitioners conceive, tend to their utter Ruin: And praying to be heard at the Bar of the House, by their Counsel, before the said Bill doth pass.

Resolved, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be taken into Consideration, when the Bill for enjoining the wearing the Woollen Manufactures certain Months in the Year, shall be read the Second time.

A Petition of the *.

Resolved, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to Cane Chain, be taken into Consideration, when the Bill for prohibiting &c. the Making of Cane Chairs, Couches, and Squabs, be read the Second time.

A Petition of the ancient Town of Thetford was read; restoring setting forth, That in 1681, John Mendham, being Mayor Corporation*,

of the said Town, combining with others to surrender their Charter, procured a Hall to be assembled in a clandestine Manner, and without due Notice to the rest of the Burgesses: And the said Mayor finding the Majority of the Burgesses and Commoners, who had Right to vote, would not consent to the Surrender of their Charter, he caused some of them to be turned out, without Conviction of any Misdemeanor; anti put others in their Places, that were not duly qualified; by means whereof, he procured the old Charter to be surrendered, and obtained a new one, whereby the Petitioners were excluded: That, by Colour of an Enrollment of the said Surrender, the Petitioners cannot obtain a Restitution of their former Charters and Liberties; and praying the Consideration and Relief of the House.

Resolved, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be taken into Consideration, when the Bill for restoring Corporations, shall be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Horner have Leave to go into the Leave of A Bill for the preventing all Doubts and Disputes conr Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Health. Abswoco.

cerning the collecting the public Revenue for a Year

from Christmas next, was read the Second time. Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Bigland have Leave to go

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee into the Country for Three Weeks, upon urgent Business, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House do, upon Saturday Morning A Bill for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of a Astir next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of Minister for the Town in the County of Wamick, Vic*rag*.

the whole House, to consider of the said Bill. Was read the First time.

Resolved, Nemine contradieente, That it be an Instruc- Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time, tien to the said Committee, That they do take care there

be a Provision made in the said Bill for the Prince and Resolved, That the House do, upon Wednesday Morn- London Princess of Denmarke, for this Year. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole Orphan*.

House, to consider of Ways for Payment of the Debts to Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole, the Orphans of the City of London.

House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill

for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Two Shillings Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of Supply Bill; in the Pound for One Year. the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to their baud Tax.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Majesties an Aid of Tw o Shillings in the Pound for One

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee. Year, was referred, That they had thought fit to make Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. several Amendments in the Bill, and to odd several Clauses

Mr. Solicitor reports from the Committee of the whole to the same: Which he read in his Place, with the Cohe-

House, That they had gone through the Bill; and had rence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's directed him to make a Report to the House. Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and

aiterw aid#

Leave of Abeence.

Supply Bill Laud Tax.

i W; &M. 6° — 70 — 90 Decembris,

afterwards a Second time, one -by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Hut the Time not permitting to go through the Report;

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the said Report be proceeded upon Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

303

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Mouse, upon the said Bill, be adjourned until Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committ*e».

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

170.

Sabbati, 7* die Decembris;

1* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir Catelyn have Leave

to go into the Country for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Whitmore have Leave to go into the Country for a Month.

Ordered, That Mr. Eld, red have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Colonel Norton have Leave to go into the Country for a Month.

Then the House proceeded in the further Consideration of the Report of the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound, for One Year.

And several other of the Amendments were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause (C), for exempting the Quakers from the double Tax, upon their making and subscribing a Declaration of Fidelity to their Majesties, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee therein;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tdlcrafor theYeas,^; }

fOT * *"*{£ }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Residue of the Amendments to the Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That a Clause be brought into the Bill, to appropriate some Part of the Mouey given by the said Bill for the paying the Seamen, and providing Victuals and Stores for the Navy.

Ordered, That it be recommended to Mr. Sacheverell, and Mr. Solicitor General, to prepare and bring in such a Clause upon Monday Morning next.

A Proviso was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That all Merchandize on board English Ships outward-bound, and which shall be detained on Ship-board for Want of Convoys, shall not be assessed to this Tax: Which was twice read, and, after an Amendment made therein at the Table, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That Mortgagers may deduct the Tax for Money upon Mortgages: which was once read:

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That all Persons whose Estates in the Whole did not amount to Twenty Shillings by the Year, Should not be assessed to this Tax: Which was twice read; and, upon the Question pot thereupon, agreed unto by the House;

Another Proviso was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That the Officers of the Court of Chancery shall be taxed within the Liberty of the Rollr, and not elsewhere: Which was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And there being other Clauses offered to be added to the Bill; ‘

Vol. X.

Lund:, 9* die Decem

i* Gulielmi et Marioe.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Captain Craziford have Leave Leav* of to go to his Command, for Three Weeks. Alweuce.

Ordered, That Mr. Weld have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks.

A Petition of Hugh Jones in Custody of the Serjeant Privilege — at Arms attending this House, was read; setting forth, Petl, ll>n from That he is very sensible and sorry, that he hath incurred m

the Displeasure of the House, for his inadvertent Behaviour before the Committee; the which the Petitioner air-knowledgeth to be justly deemed a Breach of Privilege:

And begging Pardon for his Offence; and praying That in Consideration of the great Charge he is under, by the Care of Business for several Clients, and of a great Charge of Children, the House would be graciously pleased to order his Discharge from his Imprisonment.

But nothing was done thereupon.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Mitrhell Privileges, touching the Election of a Burgess for Mitchell t*crtlon-in the County of Cornwall, be made upon Thursday Morning- next.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Darcy, Mr. Christy, Committee of Mr. Boyle, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Privilege*. Moreton, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Niccolls, Mr. England, Lord Digby, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Balduyn, Sir Patience Ward,

Mr. Freakt, Mr. Rebme, Sir Refill Catelyn, Mr. Rey-

nolds, Sir John Fmcell, Sir Cha. Blois, Sir Gilbert Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. ArnoldT Mr. Buckland, Mr.

Sir Fra. Drake, Sir JVm. Cooke, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

A Bill for the Naturalizing of John Rogerson, was Rogerson’* read the Second time. K*t.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Patience Ward, Lord Clifford, Mr. Reynell, Sir Sir

Francis Russell, Mr. Christy, Sir Guibon, Mr,

Williams, Mr. Moore, Sir John Bancks, Mr. Russell, Sir Walt. Young, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Colt’Sir Gilbert Mr. Balduyn, Mr. Gnyn, Mr. PittsMr. England, Sir

Tho. Darcy, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Papillion, Mr.

Eldred, Mr. White, Sir JVm.Cooke, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Rob. Rich, Major Manly, Sir Phil. Sir Tho.

Littleton. Colonel Mild may, Mr. Bull, Mr. Mr. Rebow, Sir John Moreton: And they are to meet this After-

noon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Brerclon have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Fortnight, to look after his Affairs; Absence, his Mother being dead.

A Petition of Sir Henry PollexfKnight, Chief tord Jeffry*' Justice of their Majesties Court of Common Pleas, Sir Forfeiture. Rob. Clayton, Knigl.t, Eduard Jennings, Esquire, and Thomas Coulson, of London, Merchant, Trustees for the Creditors and Children of the late I.ord Jeffryes, Ann I-ady Jeffryes, Widow of the said Lord, JVm. Stringer Jeffry, and John Jeffryes, Esquires, Executors of the said late Lord Jeffryes, was read; setting forth, That they being informed of a Bill brought in for attainting the said Lord Jeffryes of High Treason, and forfeiting the Estate; and praying to be iieard by Counsel at the Bar of this

House, to offer Reasons against the said Bill.

Ordered,

304 9° — io’ DecembA. *689.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be taken into' Consideration, when the said Bill shall be read the Second time.

LwdJcffryw* A Petition of Jeffery Merchant, was read;

Forfeiture, getting forth, That the late Lord Jeffryes being indebted to him One thousand Pounds; and that, for Security thereof, and also of Nine thousand Pounds more, to be paid to the Creditors of the said Lord, of which he hath really paid Eight thousand One hundred Thirty-three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight-pence, a Mortgage was made of the Manor of Dolby and Broughton, his Estate, in Leicestershire: And, that being informed there is a Bill depending for attainting the said Lord, and forfeiting his Estate; and praying, that a Saving of the Petitioner’s Right may be inserted in the Bill, or that he may be heard in relation thereunto;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be taken into Consideration when the said Bill shall be read the Second time.

Tellers for the Yea, {|jj % },36.

Tellers for the Noes jl»T-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That Persons dispossessed of their Estates in Ireland Should not be assessed to this Tax.

And the Question being put, That the same be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill; for appropriating Part of the Money given by this Bill to the Use of the Army in And the Clause

was read the First time:

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Then the House proceeded in the further Consideration of the Bill for granting an Aid to their Majesties of Two Shillings in the Pound, for One Year:

And Mr. Sacheverell reports, That, according to the Order of Saturday last, Mr. Solicitor General and he had prepared a Clause for appropriating Part of the Money granted by the said Bill for the paying the Seamen, end providing Victuals and Stores for the Navy: Which he delivered in at the Table; and was twice read. And there being Blanks left for the Sum to be appropriated for those Purposes;

Resolved, That the Blank for the Sum to be appropriated be filled up with Four hundred thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That the Blank for the Sum to be appropriated for paying the Seamen be filled up with Two hundred thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That the Blank for the Sum to be appropriated for providing Victuals for the Navy be filled up with One hundred thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That the Blank for the Sum to be appropriated for providing Stores for the Navy be filled up with One hundred thousand Pounds.

And other Blanks for Penalties upon Persons who Should misapply any of the said Monies, being, upon the Questions severally put, agreed to be filled up also; -The said Blanks in the Clause were filled up at the Table accordingly: And some other Amendments there made therein, uponQuestionsseverally putfor that Purpose, Resolved, That the said Clause, so amended, be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, for the Commissioners in this Bill to review the Assessments made upon the Act made the last Session of this Parliament, for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Twelve-pence in the Pound; Which is as followeth; viz.

" Provided always and be it Enacted, That the Commissioners appointed to put this Act io Execution shall, and are hereby impowered and required within their respective Counties, Divisions, Cities, and Places, to examine upon Oath, and review the several Assessments of each Parish and Place, made in pursuance of the late Act, intituled, An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of Twelve-pence in the Pound for One Year, for the necessary Defence of their Realms; and, where they shall find any Person or Place assessed at a lower Rate, or lesser Sum, than was directed by the said Act, to cause the same so omitted to be re-assessed, and paid to their Majesties, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Pains and Penalties, as is herein before provided and directed for the assessing and levying the Sums chargeable by this present Act. -}IVhich Clause was twice read:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Mortis, 10* die Decembris; i* Gulielmi el Maria;.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir Robert Sawyer have Leave Leave for to attend at the Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel Member to in a Cause between Goodrich and attend Lords.

A Bill to enable Mr. Batson to sell an Estate in Batson’s Oxfordshire, and settle an Estate of the like Value in Estate. Suffolk to the same Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made, by Colonel Beamont, of an Privilege — Abuse by some of the Officers of the Post-house, in break- opening ing open several Letters sent by him to the Town of Hastings, for which he is chosen a Member, and cutting e out Part of one of his Letters, before it was delivered; ip Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Sir’ Edward Acton have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Fortnight. Absence.

Sir John Guise reports from the Committee appointed Expmces of to inspect the Expences of the War for the last Year, the War. That the Muster Rolls for the English Forces that served in Flanders the last Summer, were not produced before them; by reason they were not as yet transmitted from thence: Nor the Muster Rolls of the Dutch Forces here; in regard they are seldom mustered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Prise Salt, prevent French Salt, taken as Prize, from being destroyed; and that it may be employed for the Use of their Majesties Navy.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reports from the Committee Attainder of appointed to prepare a Bill of Attainder of such as are in Irish Rebels. Rebellion in Ireland against their Majesties, That they had prepared a Bill accordingly: Which he presented to the House.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

Ordered, That all Committees be revivedto sit this Committees. Afternoon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Irish forfeited Sale of the Estates forfeited by reason of the Rebellion Estates, in Ireland.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee who prepared the said Bill of Attainder to such as are in 17 Rebellion

1 W. & M. xon — ri0 Deeembris. 305

Rebellion in Ireland against their Majesties, to prepare and bring in the said Bilk

Victualling Ordered, That the Mayor of Plymouth, and the Cap-the Navy. tain and Lieutenant of the Ship called the Exeter', as also the Captains and Lieutenants of the rest of their Majesties Ships now at Plymouth; do certify this House the Condition of the Provisions wherewith the said Ships are now victualled; and what Beer or other Provisions had been staved or destroyed there as umvholsome, and unfit to be used.

Privilege. A Complaint being made, That one Mr. had

entered upon some Part of the Estate of Colonel Berkley, a Member of the House; and had printed a scandalous Paper touching him, and his Title to the said Estate;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Onhwnce A Petition of the Artificers belonging to the Office of Jiebi. their Majesties Ordnance was read; setting forth, That the

Artificers being.a Society of several Sorts of People, who for many Years have furnished the said Office with aH manner of Stores, Provisions and Utensils of War; and have been at all times ready to serve the Crown with their Estates and Fortunes; butare therein now totally disabled; 1. By a l>ebt left upon them by King , the Second,

for Stores served in, and Services preformed by Direction from the Officers of the Ordnance, amounting to about One hundred thousand: Pounds, yet unpaid; great Part of which have been transferred to the Service of the present Crown; and all applied to the Service © the Nation: 2. By Debts owing them from the said Office, contracted since their present Majesties Accession to the Crown amounting to above One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds: Which Debts have incapacitated the Petitioners of proceeding in their said Services without a speedy Supply: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that some speedy Provision may be made to satisfy the said Debts, the better to enable them to prosecute their wonted Vigour of serving their 1 Majesties in the said Office.

But nothing done thereupon.

Supply Bill; Then the House resumed the Debate, Yesterday ad-l.and-Tax. ’ joumed, touching the Clause for appropriating some of the Money given by the Bill for granting an Aid to their Majesties of Two Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, to the Army in Ireland.

Resolved, That the Clause be read the Second time.

The Clause was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Clause be laid aside.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, and with the Clauses agreed to, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the State of the Nation.

Rights of the Then the House took into Consideration the Amend-Subjeci, and ments proposed by the Lords to be made to the Bill for Succession declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and 01 tLeCrown- settling the Succession of the Crown.

And the same were severally read the Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And an Amendment, l>y reason of the said Amendments proposed by the Lords, being proposed to be made, by adding, in Skin , Line , after " Parliament," these Words, " and shall at the same time produce a Certificate proved by Six Peers of* the Realm, whereof Three Spiritual and Three Temporal, of his of her having, within Three Months before the Meeting of the said Parliament, or Day of Coronation, which shall first happen, received the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of England;

Vol. X.

The said Amendment proposed was twice read;

And the Question being put, That the same be added to the Amendments proposed by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the'Concurrence of this House to the said Amendments.

Mercurii, 11" Deeembris;

1° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

tO IINDrye and Gerrard Maysken took the Oaths

J at the Table, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight.

Mr. Christy reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for N aturalizing of John Rogerson was referred, That they had examined the Matters mentioned in the Bill, and found them to be true; and that therefore they had agreed to the Bill without any Alteration.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the poor Sufferers by the Fire, which happened in September last in the Borough of Suulhxvark,

was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have not only lost above Forty substantial Dwelling Houses and Inns, but also several Thousand Pounds in Goods, Merchandizes, and Wares; yet notwithstanding, now the said Houses come to be rebuilt, the chief Landlords cruelly refuse to allow any reasonable Consideration towards the same; many of the Petitioners having Leases of Short Terms, for which they paid great Fines; and therefore to lose their Leases, or to take up Money to build, will consequently bring them and their Families to Rum: And whereas, after the great Fire, Two Acts of Parliament were made, one the Nineteenth, and the other the Twenty-ninth . ., for the determining all Differences between Landlord and Tenant about Rebuildings; and Commissioners appointed for the same; both which Acts had very good Effects, preventing many Suits and Delays: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to the same Effect, as the last mentioned Act for the Borough of Southwarke was enacted and provided for.

But nothing done thereupon.

Resolved, That the House do upon Tuesday Morning, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways to raise Monies to satisfy the Debt due to the Orphans of the City of London.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to their Majesties of Two Shillings in the Pound, lor One Year, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in Press 128, Line # , by leaving out "supplying," and instead thereof inserting " supplied, and to be supplied And

The like Amendment in Press , Line: And

The like Amendment in Press , Line: And

The like Amendment in Press , Line: And

The like Amendment in Press , Line:

All which were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

An ingrossed Clause, as a Rider, was offered to be made Part of the Bill, for appropriating the Monies granted by the said Bill for particular Uses; to appropriate the same to pay for the Victuals and Stores already provided and to be provided for the Navy, and for Payment of Seamens Wages; and shall not be diverted to any other Use.

And the Question being put, That the same be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of Two Shillings in the Pound, for One Year.

4 H Ordered,

Leave of

A.’Stnce.

Rogerson’*

Nat.

Fire in Southwark.

London

Orphans.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Committees.

Supply Bill;

collecting

Revenue.

Woollen Ma nufacturefc.

Great Marlow Writ.

RogersonY

Nat.

Norwich Courts of Conscience.

Relief to Irish Refugees.

Flaying

Skins.

Sir Thom;is Pilkiuglon’s

CompUint.

30 6

11° — ia° D

Al 1689.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry up the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived, to sit this . Afternoon.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Continuance of the col-lectins; the Publick Revenue, for One Year, from Christmas next.

Jo vis, 12° die Decembris; i* Gulielmi Mari*.

Praters.

\ PETIT ION of the Company of Silkthrowsters was read; setting forth, That a Bill which enjoins the Wear of Woollen Manufactures for several Months in the Year, ..... The Petitioners humbly conceive. That such a Law will be a great Obstruction to the Silk Manu-lacture; and consequently tend to the Ruin of the Petitioners, and their Trade, and the many Thousands of Poor they employ: And praying, '1 hat they may he heard by their Counsel at the Bar of this honourable House, before the said Bill shall pass.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered, when the Bill for enjoining the Wearing of Woollen certain Months in the Year shall be read the Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow in the County of Bucks, in the room of John Hobby, Esquire deceased.

A11 ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Reger son, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title lie. An Act declaring and enacting John to be

a natural-born Subject of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir Patience Ward do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence to the Bill.

Mr. England reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience in the City of Norwich . , That they had agreed to the Bill, with

several Amendments: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one: And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee appointed to bring in the Names of such of the Irish Nobility and Gentry that fled hither out of that Kingdom, as were fit to receive his Majesty's Bounty, be made upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, and Shoemakers, within the City of Bristol/, and neighbouring Counties, was read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are much damnified by the Butchers taking the Bell of the Skin into the Flesh, done for their private Gain, and thereby make that Part of the Skin useless; and by pecking and cutting of Calves Skins, which turn to a great Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House for a Redress in the Grievances aforesaid.

Anil the Question being put, That Leave lie given to bring in a Bid for the Purposes in the Petition mentioned;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Sir 7 ho. PLord Mayor of London, SlingsbyBethel/, Esquire, Samuel John

Deackle, Richard Freeman, John Jekill, Robert Kaye, and John Wickham, and the respective Executors and Administrators of Sir Thomas Player, Henry Cornish, Samuel Shute, Esquires, and Francis Jenks, deceased, was read;

setting forth, That, by the Contrivance of Sir John More and Sir Dudley North, and their evil Adherents, an Information, in One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-two, was exhibited in the King's Bench against the Petitioners and others, for a Riot committed by them the Twenty-fourth Juile that Year, at the Election of Sheriff's for London and Middlesex:That, at the Tryal of the Informa-

tien, the Defendants were denied common Justice by the late Chief Justice Saunders, by his over-ruling Two Challenges to the Array; one whereof was, That North and Rich were Sheriffs; the other was, That Sir Dudley North's Title to the Sheriffalty was the Matter in Question; and also by the said Chief Justice Saunders refusing to seal a Bill of Exceptions: Whereby the said Defendants were found Guilty; That, before and after the Jury, Motions were refused by the Defendants for filing a Postea, or Record of Nisiprius, in the same Cause, which had been concealed by Ward, a Clerk then of the Crown Office; which would have discharged the Verdict: That the Petitioners moved the Lord North to have a Writ, to command the sealing the Bill of Exceptions, but was refused; and so severally fined, to the Amount of Four thousand One hundred Pounds; which they were forced to pay:

And praying Leave to bring in a Bill, to reimburse the Fines out of the Estates of Sir Dudly North, Sir John More, and Sir Peter Rich, that so the Fines may be recoverable, so imbursed as aforesaid.

And Sir Peter Rich,a Member of the House, being concerned therein, and not being present in the House;

Ordered, That Sir Peter Rich have Notice to attend in his Place upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Lord Sir John Francklyn; Hereford*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, 0UltU1* An Act for enabling Edward Viscount Hereford to settle a Jointure on his Marriage with Eliz. notwith-

standing his Minority: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Tho. Pritchard, Gentleman, was read; pritchard> setting forth, That his Father, in October One thousand Jointure. Six hundred and Eighty-three, in Consideration of a Marriage between the Petitioner and one Eliz. Cooke, and of Seven hundred Pounds of her Portion paid, settled the Capital Messuage, called the Grange, of Lincoys, in Com. Monmouth, for Ninety-nine Years, without Impeachment of Waste; the Remainder to Trustees, to support contingent Remainders; Remainder to Eliz. for her Jointure; Remainder to the Sons of the said and Petitioner; who is since dead, and without Issue; leaving the Petitioner uncapacitated to marry another Woman, without, he may settle the Premises as a Jointure: And praying a Bill may be brought in for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir John Coi'dell have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Three Weeks. Absence.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of Privileges Mitchell and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Election Llectiuiv of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Mitchell in the County of Cornwall, was referred, the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing; and delivered the same in at-the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Humphry Courtney, Esquire, against the Return of Wm. Coryton, Esquire, to serve as

a Burgess for tire Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall;

That, as to the Right of Election, the Committee came to this Resolution.

ResolveJ,

I W. 116 — 130 Deceemhris. 307

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, is in the Lords of the said Borough, w ho are liable to be Chosen PortreveS of the same; and in the Housholders of the said Borough not receiving Alms.

That, for the Petitioner, an Indenture of Return, with Twenty-seven Names, w as produced: But it was not insisted, that above Nineteen were present at the Election: And, of those that voted for the Petitioner,

lluddy, being called in as a Witness, testified, that Henry Jeffry, Rich. Start, John Rich. Swayne,

Peter Staples, paid Scotland Lot: And that Emanuell Poole, John James] unior, Stephen Louis, John Soper, Rich. Eustace, Rich. Crieff, Edmund Rich. George,

Michael Rennet, Roger Nautaroe, and Lawrence Law-rance, were Housekeepers within the said Borough: But that John Philp and Lawrence Lawrence, and their Mothers, lived in the same House; but he thought their Mothers lived with them.

As to Humphry Eustace, he cpuld not say whether he was an Housekeeper or no; but that he has not received Alms for Five or Six Years last past; and was not insisted on.

William Trendale waved, as a Servant.

John Woodhouse did not appear at the Election.

For the Sitting Members, They produced an Indenture of Return of Twenty-three Names; and called

Fredrick Vincent: Who said he lived at Mitchell: That John Philp lives with his Mother; and believes his Mother keeps House.

That he knows Peter Staples; and believes, that he is a Servant to his Aunt; and that it is his Aunt’s Estate.

That Lawrence Lawrence lives with his Mother, and she relieves him.

That Richard Eustace, received Pay of the Parish Three or Four Years since, and now begs at the Door.

Richard Hcllings said, That Roger Nancaro and Mich.

Barnet told him, That, if they could have but Forty Shillings, they would not vote for Mr. Courtney, but give their Vote for Mr. Cory ton: but that Mr. Borlace threatened to put them in Prison, if they voted for Mr. and would forgive his Debt, if they voted for Mr.:

But the said Wttilings did not hear the said Borlace speak to that Effect himself.

That Francis Gulley was Portreve, and one of the Lords of the Borough.

That Fredrick Vincent paid Scotland Lot; George Pharo, John Riccard, Robert Hcllings, Josias Free senior and Rich. Helling, paid Scotland Lot.

That Robert Paul, John Jam senior, Thomas Harvey, Samuel Delbridge, Rich. Godfrey, Saniucll Grosse, Richard

Swaine, Abra. Willis, Rich. Delbridge, and Poole,

are Housekeepers within the Borough.

That Thom. Riccard lives with his Father.

That Josias AVer junior lives with his Father.

That Rob.Helling lives with his Father; but hath a Shop.

That Leonard Wilton lives with Mr. Vincent.

That John Hicks lives with Vincent.

That Joseph Morel on lives with his Uncle; and is about Nineteen or Twenty Years of Age.

lluddy said, That Robert Paul has no Being of his own; but lives with Mr. Vincent.

That Rich. Swaine is a poor Man; and the Parish provided a Cow for him.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Two further Resolutions: Which the said Mr. Grey read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as folio we th;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That IVm.Corylon, Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell in the County of Cornwall.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Humphrey Courtney, Esquire, is duly elected a Bur-

gess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell in the County of Cornwall.

\r \r

OX., A,

The first-mentioned Resolution being read a Second time:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee therein.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Mitchell in the County of Cornwall, is in the I»rds of the said Borough, w ho are liable to be chosen Portreves of the same; and in the Housholders of the said Borough, not receiving Alms.

The Second Resolve being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee therein;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Nces.

1G8.

139'

/Sir Cha. Raleigh, f 1 Sir Tho. Littleton, J

f 1

\Sir Cha. Casar, J So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third Resolve being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee therein;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

/Sir John Cary, I Mr.

Tellers for the Noes,

| 176. } 125-

[Sir John St. Aubin,

\Mr. G

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Portreve of the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, do forthw ith attend this House, to amend his Return of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Peterbo-to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for rouS*1 electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Peterborough, in the room of Fitzwilliams,

Esquire, deceased.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Saturday Morning sJat« of the next, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, Jsatloa-to proceed in the further Consideration of the State of the Nation.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch, have Leave to attend the Leave for a Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between ^leni^eir to, Berney and Bea/ce.

attend Lords.

Veneris, 13° die Dece 1° Gulielmi el Mariae.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Colt have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Three Weeks upon urgent Occasions. Absence.

An ingrossed Bill sent down from the Lords, intituled, Lord An Act for enabling the Lord Viscount Herejord to settle Hereford’* a Jointure on his Marriage with Elnotwith- Jointure-standing his Minority, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

Mr. Christy reports from the Committee to whom the Greenwich Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience at Greenwich, and Court of other Towns within the Hundred of Blackheath, was re- Conscience, committed, That they had agreed upon an Amendment to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w as twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause w as offered to be made Part of the Bill, to save the Rights of the Courts of Lords of Manors w ithin the said Hundred: Which was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

n

Wounded Sen me u.

Prize Salt.

University

Charters.

Leave of Absence.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Supply Bill;

collecting

Revenue.,

Committees.

Leave for a Member to attend Lords.

Lord

1 ierefnrd’s Jointure.

3°8

13® — 14* Decembris.

A. i 6

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider, How a Provision may be made for such Seamen as are or shall be wounded or disabled ill their Majesties Service, or in Merchants Ships; and for the Wives and Children of such as are or shall be slain therein.

And it is referred to Colonel Sir Cha

leigh, Mr. Vincent, Mr. IIatetry, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Tho.

Durey, Mr. Arnold, Sir Mat. Andrews, Sir Chris. Mas-grave, Mr. Buscinven, Mr. Reynolds, Colonel Sir John Wyn, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Niccolls,

Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Do Lord , Sir

IVm. Cooke, Sir Fra.Russell, Sir Sir Tho.

Clarges, Sir Tho. Barnudiston, Colonel Birch, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Sir John Br Mr. Freake, Mr.

llaUhcyn, and all the Members that serve for the Cinque Forts.' And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Preservation of French Salt taken as Prize, from Destruction, and employing it for the Victualling of their Majesties Fleet, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the BiUbe committed to Mr. Etterkke,

Mr. Christy, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir John Barker, Mr. Phil. Skippon, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Fenwick, Sir John Rouse, Mr. BMb. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Glemluun, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Wm.Cooke,

Lord FaUtland Mr. Blmtfeild, Sir Thom. Mr.

Christy, Sir Rob. Dovers, Mr. Carter, Sir Rob Rich,

Mr. Gray, Sir John Doyley, Sir John Knight, Mr.

Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. England, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Brodrep, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Suffolke and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard presented a Bill for the charging Prideau.x’s the Manors of Daily and Broughton, the Estate of the clalm on fete Lord Jeffereys, with the Sum of Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, and Interest, to Mr.

Prideaux.

Resolved, That the Bill do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Poole have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Oxford, was offered to the House.

Resolved, That the Petition be now read.

The Petition was read: Whereby they prayed. That they may be heard by their Counsel at the Bar of this House before a Bill, which hath been brought in, and read the First time, for the Confirmation of the Charters, Liberties, and Privileges, of the Two Universities, do pass the House.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard at the Bar of this House accordingly, upon the Fifteenth Day of January next: And that toe Bill be then read the Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks, upon urgent Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Justinian Is ham have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the S'ockbridge Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for toe Wm* Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge in the County of Soutlt-ampton, in the Room of Wm. Montague, Esquire, whose Election hath been by this House declared to be void.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner have leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, to his Lady’s Funeral.

Ordered, That the Report from tire Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the House of Lords, intituled, An Act for punishing Officers or Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters be received on Monday Morning next.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Continuance of the Collection of the Publick Revenue, fora Year, from Christmas next.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to move the House, that he may make his Report from the Committee on Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That the House will receive the said Report on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Baron Nevile, and Mr. Justice Gregory;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have considered the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound, for one Year; and have made some small Amendments thereunto: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then tive Messengers withdrew'.

The Amendments were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, One by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: and are as follow eth; viz.

12 Press, Line 15, after w of," leave out to " Hugh," in the 17th Line; and read " Cornwall."

28 Press, Line 10, instead of Sir Robert Atkyns seniorread " the Right honourable Sir Robert Lord Chief Baron of their Majesties Court of Exchequer, and Speaker of the House of Peers."

129 Press, Line 7, instead of " instituted," read " intituled."

Ordered, That Mr. Hamden, do go to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House to toe said Amendments.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Williams have Leave to attend the Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Berny and Beake.

Sabbat i, 14* die Decembris; i° Guliehni ctMaria?.

Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill, come down from the Lords, inti-T \_ tuled, An Act for the enabling Viscount

Hereford to settle a Jointure on' his Marriage with Eliz. Norborne, notwithstanding his Minority, was read the Second time.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the state of tl». whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of Nation, the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left toe Chair.

Mr. Grey took the Chair of toe Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed upon several Resolves:

Which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the same in his place; and, afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved to appoint a Committee to examine and state the Condition of the Publick Revenue, when his Majesty, when Prince of Orange, took upon; him the Administration of the Government; and also to 17 . and

Lfave of Absence.

Colchester Court of Couscience.

Leave of Absence.

l W. & M.

140 — 16" Dec

and at Michaelmas last; and also what Loans have been thereupon; and how the same hath been employed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to lay before him the ill Conduct and Success of our Affairs in reference to,

the Armies and Fleet; and humbly to desire his Majesty, That he will please to take.. into his Consideration! and in his Wisdom to find out the Authors of Miscarriages; and appoint Affairs to be managed by Persons unsuspected, and more to the Satisfaction of his Subjects.

The first of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by inserting before Majesty" " presentand by leaving out " when Prince of Orange, took upon him"; and, instead thereof, inserting " accepted." Which were, upon the Questions severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve so amended, That a Committee be appointed to examine and state the Condition of the Publick Revenue, when his present Majesty accepted the Administration of the Government; and also to and at Michaelmas last; and also what Loans have been thereupon, and how the same hath been employed.

And it is referred unto Mr. , Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir John Guise, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Jos. Sir

Wm. Levcson Gowre, Sir John Trenchard, Mr.

Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Ellwell, Mr. Hen. , Sir 1 Val-

ter Young, Mr. Haze, Mr. Boyle, Sir Seymour, Lord Brandon, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Montague, Sir Rich, Lord U rn. Paxclett, Mr. Smith, Mr. John Hampden, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Tho.Littleton, Sir John Lmclher, Colonel 'lipping, Mr. Hampden, Lord Marquis Sir

Capcll, Sir John Key, Mr. Edw. Montague, Mr. Sacheverell,

Sir Dun.Colchester, Sir John Doy ley, Sir Mr.

Jepson, Sir Rob.Clayton, SirJohnB Sir Howard,

Mr. Anth. Grey, Mr. Haxcles, Mr. Gwyn, MajorWildman, Sir Roger Cave, Sir Philip Skippon, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. England: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are to make their Report to the House with all convenient Speed.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding, before " Satisfaction," these Words, " Safety of his Majesty and:" Which, upon the Question put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolve so amended, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to lay before him the ill Conduct and Success of our Affairs, in reference to Ireland, the Armies and Fleet; and humbly to desire his Majesty, That he will please to take it into his Consideration; and in his Wisdom to find out the Authors of Miscarriages; and to appoint Affairs to be managed by Persons unsuspected, and more to the Safety of his Majesty, and Satisfaction of his Subjects.

Luna, 16* die Decembris; i® Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir Wm. Cooke have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight.

A Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience at Colchester, was presented to the House;

Resolved, That the Bill be now read.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Mallcckhave Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health. Vol. X.

A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege Privilege; committed against Sir John Wynne, a Member of this House, by one George Tzcistleton, Esquire, his assaulting

and beating the Servant of the said Sir John Wynne, in the County of Carnarvon, and disturbing his Possession;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee Of Pri Abbiogtoir vileges and Elections, touching the Election of a Burgess Eiection. to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Abbington in the County of Berks, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Question being put, That the Bill to prevent Cane Chairs the Making of Cane Chairs, Couches, and Squabs, be &c-how read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time upon

Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That he had re- Commissary ceived a Pacquetfrom Commissary Shales on Saturday\ast; Shales; wherein was inclosed a Letter from him, giving an Account of his Proceedings, since he came into that Employment; together with a Petition to this House; praying,

That he may be released from his Confinement, and permitted to come over into England, to clear himself from those Matters which he is charged with.

Which Letter and Petition were delivered in, and read at the Table.

ResolvedjThat an humble Address be presented to his Address re- Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Ma- 4 parting Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That Commissary Shales may be sent for over in Custody, with all convenient Speed; and that all Papers may be brought over-with him: And that his Majesty be acquainted with the said Letter and Petition.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Irish pointed to bring in the Names of such of the Irish Nobi- Refugees, lity and- Gentry that were fled hither out of that Kingdom, as were fit to receive his Majesty’s Bounty, be made Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and Rogerson’i

Sir James Astry; Nat.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill for naturalizing John Rogerson, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Colonel Tipping reports from the Committee to whom Punishing the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, for punishing Mutiny and such Officers and Soldiers as Should mutiny, and desert their Desertion. Majesties Service, and preventing false Musters, was referred, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read through:-out; and afterwards read a Second time, one by one; and, after some Amendments made thereunto at the Table, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That no Officer or Soldier shall take Money to excuse Quartering of Soldiers: Which was twice read; and agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, against Deductions out of the Officers and Soldiers Pay:

Which was twice read.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to the Committee to whom the Bill was referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley be added to the said Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock.

4 I A Message

Hoy*} Assent to Bills.

Supply Bill;

collecting

Revenue*

London

Orphfuis.

Mr. Speaker to print his Speech on presenting Land Tax Bill.

Provision for Prince and Princess of Denmarke.

Relief to

Irish

Refugees*

Mitchell

Return

amended.

310

16° — vf Decembrist A. 1689.

A Mess&ge from his Majesty by Sir Thomas Duppa, GentlemanUsher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly, Mr. Speaker and the House went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had presented the Bill for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of Two Shillings in die Pound for One Year; And that his Majesty had given the Royal Assent thereto; and also to the Bills for declare-ing the Rights of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown: For Naturalizing of JVm. an In-

fant: For declaring and enacting John Roger son to be a natural-born Subject of this Realm.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the continuing the collecting the Revenue, be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven of the Clock.

Resolved, That the Matter, touching the Considering of Ways to pay the Debt due to the Orphans of be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired to print his Speech made this Day to his Majesty, upon presenting the Bill for granting their Majesties an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound for One Year.

Ordered, That Sir JVm.Leveson Gower, and Mr. be added to the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare an humble Address to-his Majesty to make a Provision for the Prince and Princess Ann of Denmarke.

Martis, 17" die Decembris; i° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Pray Bits.

SIR Joseph Tredenham reports from the Committee, appointed to consider, What Persons of the Irish Nobility, Gentry, and Clergy, are fit to receive his Majesty’s Bounty, That the Committee had agreed upon Lists of the Persons they conceive fit to receive the same; a Resolution relating the reunto: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Table: W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Irish Nobility and Gentry, whose Names are mentioned in the Lists agreed on, are fit to receive and partake of his Majesty’s Bounty, according to their Proportions on their several Names.

Then the several Lists of the Nobility, Gentry, and Clergy, and of several Prisoners, were also read.

And the House being informed, that several Persons in the Lists had good Subsistences here in England; and that several other Persons, not in the Lists, tire lately come over, who are fit Objects of his Majesty’s Charity; And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Friday Morning next: And that the House do then take the said Lists into further Consideration.

The House being moved, that the Clerk of the Crown (who was at the Door) may be called in; to amend the Return of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell in the County of according to the Resolutions of the House upon the Report of the Matter of the Election for the said Borough;

Resolved, That the Clerk of the Crown be called in, to amend the Return accordingly.

And he came in; and amended the said Return accordingly, by striking out the Name of Humphry Couriny,

William Cory ton, and inserting the Name of Humphry Courtny: And being withdrawn;

Mr. Courtny was introduced into the House, according to the usual Custom.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks. Absence.

A Petition of John Capeld, John Price, and Robert Capeld’s, Swaine, was read; setting forth, That they, hearing several Proclamations from their Majesties have been put 0 reasoa' forth, and by the Consent of this House, for the better Discovery of treasonable and seditious Persons, did make divers such Discoveries of Matter of Moment: And praying, they may be heard, to give an Account, before whom such Discoveries have been made, and from time to time discouraged, and the Evidences threatened, in order to stifle the Matter.

Resolved, That the Petitioners be called in to the Bar of the House; and heard what they have to say.

And the Petitioners Price and S (the other being in Prison) were called in; and heard accordingly: And being afterwards withdrawn;

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to examine the Matter complained of in the said Petition; and to make their Report thereof to the House.

And it is referred unto Sir Fra.Blake, Sir Cotton,

Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Buscawcn, Major Mr.

Gziyn, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Major Manley, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Patten, Sir Christopher Air.

zcick, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Rich. Lord

Brandon, Sir Rob.Cluyton, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Pat. I Fat'd,

Sir JVm. Ashurst, Mr. Foley, Sir JVm. re. Gowre,

Colonel Birch, Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Air. Rebow,.

Colonel Tipping, Mr. White, Sir JVm. Cooper, Mr. Bald-zeyn, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Reignolds, Sir Rob. Nappier,

Air. Smith, Sir John Morton, Mr. CoSir Mat.

Mr. Arnold, Colonel Greenvile, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Gray,

Air. Buckley: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Yorke have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Three Weeks. Absence.

Ordered, That Air. Morgan have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks.

Air. Hampden reports from the Committee of the whole Supply Bill; House, to whom the Bill for the Continuance of the Col- collecting lecting of the publick Revenue for a Year from Christmas ReveBue>&c* next, was referred, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill; and also upon a Clause for making a Provision for the Prince and Princess Ann of Denmarke: Which Amendments he read in his Place, with the Coherence, and also the said Clause; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Folio 2, Line G, 7, leave out " last;" And, instead thereof, insert " 1688." '

Folio 2, Line 11, after " Ninety," insert "and no longer."

Folio 3, Line *, after " Majesties," insert " during the Continuance of any of the said Acts, respectively."

At the End of the Bill add Clause (A);

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, That nothing in the said Act shall extend to the Patent made by King James the Second, giving to the Prince and Princess of Denmarke Thirty thousand Pounds per Annum: But enacts,

That they are to have Forty thousand Pounds more out of the Revenue arising by Excise of Ale, Beer, §c. to be paid at the Four most usual and quarterly Days of Payment; and their Receipt to be a sufficient Discharge."

The First of the said Amendments, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second and Third of the said Amendments being severally read a Second time;

And

Committees.

London

Orphans.

Leave of Absence.

Leave for Member to attend Lords.

Leave of Absence.

Lord

Hereford’s

Jointuie.

Ahbingdon

Election.

Prise Salt.

W. €sf M.

i 70 — -18° D

127.

'And the Question being Severally £ut thereupon, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendments;

It passed in the-Negative.

The Clause being read a Third time;

And the Question being put, That the Bill be re-committed upon the said Clause;

The House divided;

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the } . 90.

Teller, for, he Noes,}

’ So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the

w hole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Mercurii, 18° die l° Gulielmi et Mari®.

PttAYERS;

DESOL VED, That the House do, Upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways to raise Money to pay the Debts of the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Pazclett have Leave to go into the Country for Tiiree Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Dutton have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon urgent Business.

Ordered, That Sir Win. Whitlock have Leave to attend

at the Bar of the House of Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Underwood and Can ham.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Skihave Leave to go into

the Country for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Sir Rich. Hart have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks.

Mr. Etlerick reports from the Committee to whom was referred the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Viscount Hereford

to make a Jointure upon his Marriage with Mrs. Elizabeth North Narborne, notwithstanding his Minority, That they had considered the Bill; and had not thought fit to make any Amendments therein.

Then the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Etlerick do carry the Bill up to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House thereto, w ithout any Alteration.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges, touching the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Berks, be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill to preserve French Bay Salt, taken as Prize, from being destroyed, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Papillion, Mr. Bickerstaffc, Sir Math. Sir Cha. Raleigh,

Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Rich. Sir John Guise,

Mr. Boyle, Sir Tho.Darcy, Sir Brownlow, Mv.Blow-

feild, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Fra.Russell, Sir Fra. Warre, Sir Fra. Guibon, Sir Win. Ellis, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir

Rob. Cotton, Sir John Doylcy, Mr. White, Mr. Mr. England, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Ellwell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Milner, Mr. Hunt,

Mr. Burridge, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Mansell, Sir John Cary, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Baldwin, Sir Pinsent: And

Vol. X.

311

they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Painter have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks. Absence.

A Petition of the neighbouring Gentlemen, and In- Byrmingham habitants of the Town of Byrmingham, was presented to School, the House.

Resolved, That the Petition be now read.

The Petition was read; petting forth, That King Edward the Sixth erected a Free School at Byrmingham, settling an Allowance of Lands, then Twenty-one Pounds per Annum', but the same are now worth Three hundred Pounds per Annum: And that the said Endowment falling into mean Hands, and thereby suffering Aliscarriages, the late Kin ° Charles accepted a Surrender of the Charter

of the said Corporation, by Consent of all the Governors*

Gentry, and Clergy thereabouts: But that some of the old Governors, pretending the Surrender was not inrolled, have brought Ejectments on the Lands: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the Settling, Governing, and Managing of the said School and Revenues.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Alatter of the said Petition; and to bring in a Bill, as is desired by the said Petition, if they think fit.

And it is referred unto Sir Hen. Gojf'e, Mr. Herbert,

Air. Paul Foley, Sir Rich.Hart, Sir Rich. Newdigate,

Air. Thornhaugh, Sir John Barker, Sir Cha. Bloys, Colonel Wheat ly, Mr. England, Sir John Doyley, Sir

Young, Sir Tho. Foley, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Ash, Lord Digby, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Ellwell,

Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Colt, Colonel Birch, Sir Wm.

Poultny, Mr. Harley, Mr. Niccolls, Mr. Sir

Chr. Musgrave, Sir John Manzcareing, Sir Tho. Little-

ton, Mr. Buscawen, Air, Phil. Foley, Mr. Etterick, and ' all the Alembers that serve for the Counties of Warwick,

Worcester, Stafford, Northampton, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the better securing their Majesties Protestant Irish Subjects of Ireland; was read the Second time; Protestant*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed;

And it is referred to Air. Solicitor General, Air.

Sir John Cary, Lord Fitzharding, Sir Rob. Cotton, Lord Falkland, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir John Doyley, Sir James Rushout, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Christy, Sir Andrews,

Lord Sherrard, Sir John Banks, Sir Algemoon May, Earl of Bellamont, Sir Phil.Gell, Sir II. Hobart, ColoneiB/rcA,

Lord Digby, SirTho. Darcy, Sir Wm. Poultney, Sir Hussey, Mr. Baldzcyn, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Foley, Sir Walt. Young, Sir Edzc.Harley, Mr. Vincent, Air.

Air. Smith, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Arnold, Mr. England, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Phil.Skippon, Sir Fra. Guibcn, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Rob.Rich, Mr. Milner, Colonel ly, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Niccolls, Sir John Key, Sir Hen.

Ashurst, Sir Peter Rich, Sir Fra. Blake, and all the Members that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Peter Rich acquainting the House, that he did, on sir Thomas Monday last, attend in his Place, according to the Order Pilkington’* of Thursday last, made upon the Petition of Sir Thomas Complaint. Pilkington, now Lord Alayor of London, and others and so hath done daily since; and is now ready to answer to the Matter of the said Petition:

But Sir Thomas Pilkington, a Alember of this House, being not present in the House;

Ordered, That Sir Peter Rich do attend in his Place again upon Friday Aloming next: And that the Petitioners have Notice then also to attend this House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Impressing wtiom the Petition of Arthur Bayly, and others, Aler- fr"m lV^r~ chants and Mariners, was referred, be received upon c ant Saturday Aloming next.

Ordered,

Die :ed by

l» i 8D — 19"

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived, to sit this Afternoon.

Supply Bill; Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole

collecting House, upon the Bill for the Continuance of the collecting Revenue, See. pU|)iicjc Revenue, for a Year, from Christmas next.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hampden took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hampden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed upon a Clause to be added to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed any way to extend to the confirming or invalidating certain Letters Patents, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of,

in the Second Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second; and granted by the said late King James the Second to the Right honourable Henry Earl Laurence Earl of Rochester, and others, in Trust for their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess Ann of tmarke; containing a Grant of the yearly Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, issuing out of certain Revenues therein mentioned: But that the same shall be continued and remain in as full Force, and in the same State and Condition as they were before the Making of this Act, and no other; any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding."

Mr. Hampden also reports from the same Committee, That they had ordered him to move the House, to direct an humble Address to be made to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to make a Provision for the Prince and Princess Anne of Denmarke of Fifty thousand Pounds, in the Whole, for the Year, beginning at Christmas next.

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to make a Provision for the Prince and Princess Anne of Denmarke, of Fifty thousand Pounds in the Whole, for the Year, beginning at Christmas next

And it is referred to Air. Solicitor General, Sir Rob. Hoicard, Alarquis of W Sir Air. Hamden, Mr. Finch, Colonel Tipping, Sir Chr.

Musgrave, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hen. Herbert, Sir Win. Williams, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sacheverell, to prepare the said Address: And they are to meet Tormorrow in the Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That the Act shall continue in Force, from the Twenty-fourth Day of December 1689, for one whole Year, and no longer: Which was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That this Act shall not continue the Act of the First of James the Second, for Impositions upon French and East India Commodities, beyond the First Day of July 1690.

Which Clause w’as twice read:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Committees; Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Jovis, 19°

16 Gulielmi et Marite.

r.cWs A PETITION of Thomas Edon, Esquire, and Air.

E.tute, JljL George Bedford, Mr. Edmund Estcourt, and Air.

James Fish, Creditors of the said Thomas Edon, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Edon is indebted to the rest of the Petitioners, and others, in several Sums of ’ Aloney: And that the said Edon is lawfully possessed of divers Lands in Bookeing, Braintree, and in the

M

Decembris;.: A. 1689

County of Essex’, which Estate he was willing Should be sold for the Payment of his Debts (which, cannot be; done without an Act of Parliament); and to make Provision for his Wife, in lieu of her Jointure: And that all Persons, claiming any Interest therein, are consenting that such Act Should pass; and praying Leave to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

A Bill for naturalizing David Le Grand, and others* Grand*, was read the Second time. &e‘NaC

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Major Manley, Lord Falkland, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Blorvfeild, Sir Rich.

Newdigate, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir Thom. Darcy,

Air. Arnold, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Brereton, Sir Math. f, Air.

Rebow, Sir Phil. Skippon, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Air. wick, Mr. Glemham, Colonel Cornwall, Mr. Aiccofls,

Air. Moore, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Christy, Sir Fra. Drake,

Sir Rob.Cotton, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Sir Edward

Aiscough, Mr. Hazctry, Air, Bickerstaffe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Bloys have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Three Weeks. . Absence.

Ordered, That Air. Baldwyn have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Air. Burdet have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight.

A Bill for an Augmentation of the Vicarage of Astly Asily in the County of Warwick,w-as read the Second time. Vicarage.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hen.

Goodrich, Mr. Bloxifeild, Mr. Philips, Mr. Grey, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Sir

Cha. Bloys, Sir Rich. Verney, Sir Wm. Ilonywood, Air.

Rebozv, Sir Tho. Darcy, Lord Digby, Mr. Han try, Lord

Falkland, Colonel Birch, Sir Hen. Gosse, Mr. Deane,

Air . Lewes, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Cha. Raleigh,

Sir Phil. Gell, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir Tho. Mr. Mau-

ley, Sir Tho. Barnadiston, Mr. Niccoll Air. Harley, Air.

Foley, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Grey, Mr. Boyle, Sir John Moreton, Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr. Faux; and all that serve for the County of Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Bay ley-was read; setting forth,

That # # # #.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for an Augmentation of the Vicarage of Astley in the County of Warwick, is referred.

Colonel Tipping reports from the Committee, to whom punishing the Clause offered to be added to the ingrossed Bill, sent Mutiny and down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for punishing Deseruon. Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Alusters, was referred, That several Amendments were agreed to be made to the Clause: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the House conceiving, That no such Amendments ought to have been reported, but the Clause itself reported, as agreed upon at the Committee;

Resolved, That the said Clause be recommitted to the said Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That the Bill for restoring Corporations be Restoring now read the Second time. Corj»orauons.

Then the Bill w’as read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Hen.Capell, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir Jo- Trenchard,

Air. Sacheverell, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Mr.

Sh Fran. Russell, "Slr.Paul Foley, Lord Colchester, S i r Ralph Carre, Sir John Cary, Sir John Trevor, Sir Rob. Rich,

Nottingham

Corporation.

Supply Bill;

collecting

Revenue*

Committees.

Cane

Chairs, &c.

Irish

Protestants.

Ways

and Means.

iW.tfM. 190 — 20°

Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Buscuxoen, Sir Win. Co-

lonel Whitley, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Glemham, Sir Chr. Miisgrave. Sir Jo. Barker, Mr. Moore, Sir Peter ion, Mr. Harley, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Hampden, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir John Guise, Sir H. Winchcomb, Mr. Pitts, Lord Marquis Winchester, Mr. Rcignolds, Sir Wm. Ellis, Sir James liushout, Colonel Birch, Sir Bidolph, Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr. Morland, Mr. Christy, Mr. Roberts,

Colonel Beamont, Sir Edxv. Hussey, Mr. White, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Era. Thomson, Sir John Mr. Edic. Thomson, Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Falkland, Mr. Cooke, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Kendall, Sir/'Va. Guibon, Mr. Bade, Mr. Fox, Mr. Bickerstaffe. Sir Jo. Moreton, Mr. Etterick, Lord Brandon, Mr. Row, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Wm. Johnson, Sir H. Hobart, Sir Algern. May, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Mansell, Sir Ashurst,

Mr. Geo. Manwareing, Mr. Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr.

Bromley, Sir Walter Young, Mr. White, Sir nadiston, Mr. Gray, Sir Scroope Homo, Mr. Sir

Philip Skippon, Mr. Hussey, Sir Cotton, Mr. Niccolls, Earl of Bellamont, Sir I). Colchester, Mr. Hawlcs, Mr. Deane; Mr. Stanley: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Decembris. 313

Eleven of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways to raise the rest of the Supply granted to their Majesties.

Veneris, 20° die Decembris.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience Norwich in the City-of Norwich, tvas read the Third time. ^ourt of And several Amendments being proposed to be made Con8C*ence in the Bill; viz.

Press 4, Line t g, after " or," insert " Debtors Press 7, Line 13, instead of "Clause," to insert " Cause;"

Were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for erecting a Court of Conscience in the City of Norwich.

Ordered, That Mr. England do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for settling the Corporation of Nottingham, in respect of some Particulars, wherein the Case of that Corporation differs from others;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill for Continuance of the collecting the Revenue for a Year from Christmas next, be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, Neminecontradiccnte, That the Bill do pass:

And that the Title thereof be, An Act for preventing all Doubts and Questions concerning the collecting the publick Revenue.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Bill for preventing the Making of Cane Chairs, Couches, and Squabs, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. rmdiston. Sir Trevor Williams, Sir William Honeywood, Mr. Glemham, Mr. Lee, Sir Wm. Ellis, Sir Barker, Sir Tho. Middletoti, Mr. Blmejeild, Sir Tho. Taylor, Sir Jo.Austen, Sir John Bancks, Mr. Pooley, Mr. Ellzeell, Sir John Cope, Mr. Christy, Sir Wm. Langham, Sir John Key, Sir Cha. Ccesar, Lord FairfaxSir Bloys, Mr.

Thomson, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Mich. Wentworth, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Ramsden, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Burridge, Colonel Birch, Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Sherrard, Sir H. Winchcomb, Mr. Fawkes; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Wilts, Dorset, Yorke, Jjincolne, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all that come to have Voices.

A Petition of # # *.

Ordered, That the Petition of several Joiners, Turners, Carvers, Sawyers, Caners of Chairs, and others, in and about the City of London, on Behalf of themselves, and many Thousands depending upon the said Trade, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Making of Cane Chairs, Couches, and Squabs, is referred.

Ordered, That Sir James Rushot, and Sir Richard Newdigate, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for better securing their Majesties Protestant Subjects of Ireland, was referred.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Vol. X.

Ordered, That Sir Rich. Newdigate have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Three Weeks. Absence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Reversing whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, in- Walcot’s tituled, An Act for annulling the Attainder of Thomas Attamder* Walcot, was referred, be received Tomorrow Morning at Eleven of the Clock.

Then the House resumed the adjourned Debate, and Relieftolrish further Consideration, touching the Lists of the Irish Refugees. Nobility, Gentry, and Clergy, fit to receive his Majesty’s Bounty.

Resolved, That the Lists, reported from the Committee to whom it was referred to consider, What Persons of the Irish Nobility and Gentry are fit to receive his Majesty’s Bounty, be recommended to his Majesty:. And that his Majesty be humbly desired to order the Persons who shall be employed in the Distribution of his Bounty, to take care, That if any Persons are contained in the said Lists, who are otherwise provided for, that they may not participate thereof; and that, if any Persons be omitted, who are destitute of Subsistence, they may be added to the said Lists.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Capell do present the said Lists to his Majesty.

Colonel Tipping reports from the Committee to whom Punishing was re-committed the Clause to be added to the ingrossed Wutinv and Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Desertl<m-punishing Officers- and Soldiers, who shall mutiny and desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters, That they had agreed upon the Clause to be added to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Table: Where the same was twice read; and, after an Amendment proposed and agreed upon, and made at the Table, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill; and is as followeth;

" And it is hereby Enacted and Declared, That the Commanding Officer of every Troop or Company, at the Time of Muster, shall bring in a Certificate signed, of the Names of such Persons as are sick, or have Leave to be absent upon Furloes, or Leave for Absence; and of such Persons as are dead, or deserted, since the last Muster; w'ith the Days of their Deaths or Desertion: And, if such Certificate shall prove false, upon Conviction thereof before a Court Martial, the Officer signing such Certificate shall suffer such Penalties, and in such manner as is declared and inflicted by this Act, upon those that make false Musters,

And it is hereby further Enacted, That if any Officer shall

4 K muster

314 ao° Decembris. ^.1689:

Punishing muster any Person that 5s a Servant, or receives Wages Mutiny and from any Officer, or that shall attend any Officer as a Desertion. Servant, in the Absence of the said Officer from his Quarters; or shall muster any Person by a wrong Name, knowingly; upon Conviction thereof before a Court Martial, the said Officer or Commissary shall suffer such Penalties, and in such manner, as is inflicted and declared by this Act upon those that shall make false Musters. And whereas, by the Petition of Right in the Third Year of King Charles the First, it is Enacted and Declared, That the People of this Land are not, by the Laws, to be burdened with the Sojourning of Soldiers against their WillsAnd by a Clause in one Act of Parliament, made in the One-and-thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to his Majesty of Two hundred Six thousand Four hundred Sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, for paying and disbanding the Forces, it is Declared and Enacted, That no Officer, Military or Civil, nor any other Person Whatsoever, shall from thenceforth presume to place, quarter or billet any Soldier or Soldiers upon any Subject or Inhabitants of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent; and that it shall and may be lawful for any such Subject and Inhabitant, to refuse to sojourn or quarter any Soldier or Soldiers, notwithstanding any Command, Warrant, or Billeting whatsoever: But, forasmuch as at this present Time there is a Rebellion in Ireland, and a War against , where-

by there is Occasion for the Marching of many Regiments, Troops, and Companies, in several Parts of this Kingdom, towards the Sea Coasts, and otherwise: Be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That for and during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful for the Constables, Tythingmen, Headbo-roughs, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Boroughs, Towns and Villages, and other Places in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon 'Exceed, and for no others, to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in their Majesties Service, in Inns, Livery-stables, Ale-houses, Victualing-houses, and Ale-houses selling Brandy, Strong-waters, Cyder or Me-theglin, by Retale, to be drank in their Houses, and no other; and in no private Houses whatsoever: And if any Constable, Tythingman, or such-like Officer or Magistrate, as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Soldier in any private House, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier; in such case such Owner or Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law, against such Magistrate or Officer, for the Damage that such Owner or Occupier shall sustain thereby. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby Enacted, That the Officers and Soldiers, so quartered and billeted as aforesaid, shall pay such reasonable Prices as shall be appointed from time to time by the Justices of the Peace in their Quarter Sessions of each County, City, or Division, or Place within their respective Jurisdictions: And the Justices of Peace aforesaid are hereby im powered and required to set and appoint, in their Quarter Sessions aforesaid, such reasonable Rates for all necessary Provisions for such Officers and Soldiers, for One or more Nights, in their marching through their Cities, Towns, Villages, and other Places; and for the First Night only, in such Places as shall be appointed for their Residence or Quarters. Provided that the said Price, so set by the said Justices, be within the Compass of the Subsistence Money paid to the Soldiers; which Subsistence Money is hereby declared to be, for each Trooper, Two Shillings per diem; for each Dragoon, One Shilling Twopence per diem; and for each Foot Soldier, Six-pence per diem: And, after the said First Night in their Quarters, the Owners and Occupiers of the Inns, Ale-houses, and other publick Houses as aforesaid, are hereby required to furnish such Officers and Soldiers, so quartered and billeted as aforesaid, with dry Lodgings, Stable Room for Horses, and with Fire and Water, and necessary Utensils to dress their Meat; and not otherwise, without the said Officers or Soldiers shall make a Contract or Agreement for their Provisions with the said Owners or Occupiers. Provided

always, and be it Enacted, That if any Officer or Soldier shall take any Money of any Person for excusing the Quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or any of them, in any House allowed by this Act; every such Officer or Soldier shall be cashiered, and madeuncapableof serving in any military Employment whatsoever."

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time To-' morrow Morning.

Ordered, That any Three of the Committee to whom Provision for it was referred to prepare an Address to his Majesty to Prince and make a Provision for the Prince and Princess Anne of Princess of Denmarhe, do prepare the said Address: And that the CI1Rwr said Committee be revived.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Monday Morning, jj0ndon resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Orphans, sider of Ways to satisfy the Debts to the Orphans of the City of London.

Mr. Hampden acquaints the House, That, according Answer to

to their Order, he, with others of his Majesty’s Privy Address. Council, had attended his Majesty with the Address,

That Commissary Shales might be sent for over in Cus* tody, with his Papers: And that his Majesty was pleased to acquaint them. That he had sent some Order of that Kind some time since; and commanded him, the said Mr. Hampden, to attend my Lord Shrewsbury, to be satisfied therein: And that he had so done, and had seen the Letter which was sent to Duke Schombcrgh, that Shales Should be sent over in Custody, if the Duke did not find it necessary before he came, to make up his Accompts: And that his Majesty said, If he had not given Orders for his Papers, it Should be done.

And Mr. Hampden further said, That, if the House thought fit, he would wait on the Lord again.

But the House gave no further Direction.

The House being informed that one Mr. East, at Member* Whitehall, declared, that some Members of this House charged with had lately drank King James's Health; drinking late

Ordered, That the said Mr. East be forthwith sent for, HeaUh*S to attend this House before they rise, to give an Account thereof.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Ways whole House, to consider of Ways to raise the rest of and Means, tire Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hampden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hampden reports from the Committee of the w’hole House, That they had made some Progress in considering of Ways to raise the rest of the said Supply: And that he was directed to move the House, That the Committee may sit again Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven of the Clock, resolve into a Committtee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of Ways to raise the said Supply granted to their Majesties.

He also moved, from the said Committee, That the Bills already directed towards their Majesties Supply may be forthwith, by those Members, brought in, who were appointed to draw the same.

Ordered, That such Members who were ordered to < prepare those Bills, do bring the same in Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that Mr. East, according Members to their Order, attended at the Door; charged with

He was called in to the Bar; and examined, touching k'James’s* the Matter before mentioned: Who said, He was not Health, present at any such thing; but that it was commonly discoursed there had been such a thing.

And being required to give an Account, Who he heard say any such thing; and after some Time of recollecting; he acquainted the House, That he heard one Mr. Goddard, a Brigadier, say, That one Mr. Kniveton, a Gentleman

Pensioner,

iW'.^M. 20° — 21° Decembfis. 31'is;

Pensioner, had told him, That there were Three Parliament Men drank King James's Health in a Tavern at I Westminster; and a fourth refused, and went down Stairs. And then Mr. East withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard, Mr. and Mr.

East, again do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

And *.*.

Sabbuti, 21° die

i* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers,

Impressing ~\/TR. Christy reports from the Committee appointed from Mer- IVjL to examine the Matter of the Petition of Arthur cliant Ships. Bayley, and others, Owners of the Ship Avcrilla and also

the Complaints against Captains of Men of War, who have pressed Seamen out of Merchant Ships, whereby they were left without Defence; That the Committee had examined into the Matter of the said Petition, and also into the Complaint of one Benjamin Parsons, Commander of the Ship Recovery; and had agreed upon a Report to be made, without any Resolutions thereupon: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

.'Vs to the Matter of the said Petition, Abraham Wild, Commander of the Ship Burden Thirty Tons,

testified, Th^t he coming with the said Vessel, bound for England from. Virginia, with a Cargo of Nine hundred Hogsheads of Tobacco, worth Five thousand Pounds to the Owners, and which had paid and secured Seven thousand Pounds to the King, was on the Eighth Day of May last, metoff Bcechy by the Henrietta, one of their Majesties Men of War, Captain Commander; who sent his

Pinnace full of Men (whereof the Boatswain, Purser, and Cockswain were chief), who boarded the Avar ilia, and presently took away the Command of the Ship from him the Commander, and altered his Course by bringing the Tacks aboard, and standing down the Channel after the Man of War; and in that time pressed and took away Six of his best and ablest Men, viz. his Boatswain, Gunner, Boatswain’s Mate, the Quarter-master, and Two more; thereby rendering the rest of the miserable Ship’s Crew, which were only Thirteen, whereof Five were Boys and sick Persons, uncapable of sailing the Ship, and defending her, in case of an Attack: And that,.although the said Master told Captain Ns Men and Officers of such their unwarrantable Actions, in disabling the Vessel as aforesaid; and that, if they would convoy her safe into Port, being then w-ithin Six Hours Sail thither, and under a fair Wind, that he and all his Men would be at the King’s Service; yet, that notwithstanding the y so impressed and took aw'ay his Men, and left the Vessel a Prey both to the Sea and Enemy.

That, on Ninth May, being the next Morning, the said Avarilla, being so disabled, was met with by a French Privateer, who had but Eight puns; and she Eleven

Guns, but Eight Men; and was by him engaged, and taken; and carried, with all the Cargo, and the Remainder of the Ship’s Crew, Prisoners to Dunkirk; where they w ere forced to lie till lately, that the said Mr. Wild's Wife, after much Labour and Charge, procured an exchange of the same Number of French, taken here, as were of the Company with her poor Husband.

That Captain Nevill was not contented only in taking and pressing Captain Wild's said Men from him, but also forced him to give the said Men Notes under his Hand to pay them their Wages; for which, notwithstanding

the said Captain’s Losses and Sufferings, they brought their Actions against him in the King’s Bench; where they obtained Judgment against him, and have recovered the same.

That John Cotterell, Mate, testified, That the said Ves-

sel was but weak in Men, having only the Number aforesaid on board, when Captain Nevill met her; who, in the Vol, X.

time of taking away their said Men, stopped and detained' the Ship above Two Hours, who then lay under a fair'

Wind and Tide for the Dozens; and might doubtless, if she had not been so detained, and disabled as aforesaid, passed by and escaped the said Privateer before the Moming-

That the Gunner, and another Seaman of the Avarilla, testified the Matters aforesaid to the Committee.

As to the Complaint of the said Benjamin Parsons,

That Mr. Bade, a Member of the House, tendered an Attestation, signed by Samuel East lake, Notary Puj^lickat Plymouth, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of October last; which purported a Complaint against Captain Avery, / Commander of their Majesties Ship the King's Fisher, to the Effect following; viz.

That Benjamin Parsons, Commander of the Recovery,

Burden One hundred Tons, richly loaden to the Value of Twelve thousand Pounds; bound for England; and-Abraham Passmore, Commander of the Elizabeth, Burden

Sixty Tons, bound for Barbadoes; having obtained Promise of Convoy by Four of their Majesties Ships, one of which was the Coronation, Captain Thomas Raines, Commander in Chief, from whom the Attestants had and received their Sailing Orders, and Instructions to attend their Motion; the which they put themselves in a Readiness to do: But that, on the Tenth of October, the Attestants being ready to come to sail, and the Convoy being under Sail, with about Forty Vessels, Merchantmen, the said Captain Avery, with his Pinnace, boarded the Two Ships, and-impressed and took away out of the Recovery Six, and, out of the Elizabeth Three Men; by which Means the said Parsons and Passmore were both obstructed from following their Convoy, being detained by Captain Averye ' "

several Hours after the Convoy were under Sail, and gone out of Sight, before he could be prevailed on to let them have their Men: But that then it wras so late, though, they came to sail, and used their Endeavours to overtake the Fleet, and got as far off as Fowey, but could not reach any Sight of their Convoy: And it being very late in the Night, and dark, and being under Fear of French Privateers, they were forced to come back again to the said Port, yielding their intended Voyages to be lost and ruined by such the said Captain s detaining and

disabling them as aforesaid, as by the said Attestation more at large appeareth.

And that, to the said Attestation, the Notary Publick annexed 9. Letter, directed to Mr. Edward Seaxvard and Company, Proprietors of the said Vessels; giving them an Account of the said Protest; and also telling them, how he was vilified and abused by the said Captain Avery at the Manifesting of the Protest to him, by the said Averye and Officers, after very scurrilous and abusive Expressions, offering to draw their Swords and Bayonets on him, and threatening his Mischief; to avoid which he was forced to make his Escape by Flight, not giving any manner of Provocation.

Resolved, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty be acquainted.with the said Complaint against the said Captain Nevill: And that they be desired, that, when he comes into Port, he be sent for to appear before this House, to answer to the Matters charged upon him.

Resolved, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty be acquainted with the said Complaint against the said Captain Avery: And that they be desired, that, when he comes into Port, he be sent for to appear before this House to answer to the Matters charged upon him.

A Petition of Nathaniell Bond, Esquire, Serjeant atLaw, Dorchester

was read; setting forth, That there having anew Writ Election, been ordered to issue, for the chusing another Member for Dorchester, the Petitioner was duly elected by the major Part of those who had the Right of giving their Voices in the electing of Members, notwithstanding Thomas Chaffin, Esquire, was returned, in Prejudice to the Peti-' tioner: And praying the House to take his Case into their Consideration.

Ordered, That tire said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, '

’ to

,<j

ff

1

316

2i° Decembris.

A. 1689.

Leave of Absence.

Greenwich Court of Conscience.

to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Sand ford have Leave to go into the Country for a Month.

Ordered, That Sir Phil. Gell have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Lord Fitzhar have Leave to go into the Country for *.

An ingrossed Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience in Greenwich, and other Townships in the Hundred of Blackheath, in the County of Kent, was read the Third time:

And several Amendments being proposed to be made in the Bill; vis.

Press 3, Line ] o, to leave out " Date of this Act and, instead thereof, to insert " First Day of January One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-nine ;" and,

Press 8, Line 12, to leave out " January;" and, instead thereof, to insert " March ;"

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be An Act for erecting a Court of Conscience for and other Places in the Hundred of Blackheath, in Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Leave of Ab-teace.

Wells Writ

Prize Salt.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Seymour have Leave to go into the Country for a Month.

Ordered, That Sir James Rushot have Leave to go into

the Country for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Wells, in the room of Tho. Windham, ^squire, deceased.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring into the Bill for Preservation of Salt taken as Prize, from being destroyed, a Clause for Gilbert Heathcott and Arthur Shallet, of London, Merchants, to have Leave to import into the Port of London the Two hundred Ton of Spanish. Brandy, mentioned in an Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France; in regard the same hath not been imported for want of Convoy;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause to the said Bill accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill, come down from the Lords, intituled An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Majesties Service; and for punishing false Musters; was read the Third time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made in a Clause (A) by this House, agreed to be made Part of the Bill; viz.

# *, Line *, to leave out " or Leave for Absence and, Line *, after " One-and-thirtieth," to insert " Year and, Line #, after " Agents," to insert " which shall grow due from and after the said One-and-thirtieth Day of December and, at the End of the Clause, to add " and the One Day’s Pay in the Year, for the Use of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea;"

Resolved, That the Bill, so amended, and with the said Clause, do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Tipping carry the Bill up to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with the Amendments and Clause; and de-are their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That they be called in drinking lute

And being called in, and examined, touching what they K-knew of any Members of the House drinking King 1IealtU-James't Health;

Mr. Goddard said. That Mr. Kniveton had told him.

That one Mr. Whitwronghad said, That some Mem-

bers of this House had so done: And Mr. Kniveton owned.

That he had told Mr. Goddard so; and that he heard one Mr. Whitrongsay so.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitwrong be sent for immediately to attend this House.

Sir Wm.Lcvcson Goxcre reports from the Committee Provision for appointed to prepare an Address to be presented to his Prince and Majesty, That he will please to make a Provision for the Prince and Princess Anne of Denmarke, That they had en prepared an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was tw ice read: And, after an Amendment, agreed upon, and made at the Table, the Address was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth;

WE Your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, having a due Sense of the eminent Virtues and Merits of their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess Anne of Denmarke’, and how instrumental they have been in contributing to Your Majesty’s glorious Success in the late happy Resolution; do unanimously beseech Your Majesty to make a Provision for the Prince and Princess Anne of Denmarke, of Fifty thousand Pounds, in the Whole, for the Year, beginning at Christmas next: And that Your Majesty w’ill be pleased to direct the same to be effectually paid to the Prince and Princess Anne of Denmark, by equal Portions, at the Four most usual quarterly Days of Payment.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of the House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do attend his Majesty, to know his Pleasure when he will be attended by this House with the said Address.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Methwin;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill for Supply Bill; preventing Doubts and Questions in the collecting the Collecting Publick Revenue, without any Alteration. Revenue.

Also the Lords put this House in mind of a Bill sent Omission to down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Relief of take Oaths, such Persons as had not taken the Oaths, mentioned in the late Act of Parliament, for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths within the Time limited by the said Act.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Hillcrsdenhave Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Three Weeks. Absence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to vest Supply Bill; in the Crown the Lands granted by the late King James *ate (iueei to certain Feoffees in Trust for the late Queen Mary.

Mary’s

Lstaie.

Mr. Attorney General presented the Bill for the Re- Supply Pill } view of the Poll Bill, and for an additional Poll, to the la*. House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Ways and That the Order of Yesterday be now read, for the House ^Ieans* to resolve into a Committee of the w hole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of Ways to raise the rest of the Supply granted to their Majesties;

It passed in the Negative.

Members The House being informed, that Mr. Kniveton, Mr. Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee appointed Address or* t arge wit Goddard, and Mr. jEast, attended at the Door; to prepare an Address to be presented to his Majesty, to 'fCall1

19 represent 0 e

iW.tfM. 219 — 230

represent to his Majesty the ill Conduct and Success of our Adairs in Ireland, the Armies and Fleet; and humbly to desire his Majesty, That he will please to take into his Consideration; and in his Wisdom to find out the Authors of Miscarriages; and to appoint Affairs to be managed by Persons unsuspected, and more to the Safety of his Majesty, and Satisfaction of his Subjects; That they had prepared'an Address accordingly: The which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read, and is as followed);

WE Your Majesty’s most dutiful Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, having seriously taken into our Consideration the State of the Nation; and being deeply sensible of the ill Conduct of publick Affairs, and the unhappy Success of them, as well in reference to Ireland, as to your Majesty’s Armies and Fleet; do think ourselves obliged, in Duty to Your Majesty, and in Discharge of the Trust reposed in us by those we represent, most humbly to lay before Your Majesty the Wrong that hath been done to Your Majesty and Your People; and the present imminent Danger of this Kingdom, and of all Your Majesty’s Protestant Subjects; from the want of Ability or Integrity in those who have had the Direction of the said Affairs, and by whose Advice not only the Reducing of Ireland has been obstructed, but the Treasure of this Kingdom wasted, and the Lives of many brave Soldiers and able Seamen lost, without any such' suitable Effect as might reasonably have been expected.

We cannot but reflect, with the utmost Grief, upon the Neglect of relieving Ireland during the first Months of Your Majesty’s Administration, when Your Majesty’s Ministers did not use such effectual Means as were apparently necessary to have prevented a War in the said Kingdom. And, when the Earl of Tyrconnell had levied Forces to oppress and destroy Your Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, neither Men, Money, nor Arms, were, for a long time, sent to enable them to defend themselves and their Country; inso much that, without mentioning other Particulars, several Thousands of them perished miserably in the Town of Londonderry, for want of timely Succour: And when, after many Neglects and Delays, an Army was appointed for Ireland, necessary Provisions were wanting, and Matters so ordered, that the Endeavours of Your Parliament, and the Supplies granted for that Service, proved ineffectual; at the same time that many such ex-' perienced Officers, as were known to be Enemies to Your Majesty and Your Government, were suffered to go beyond the Seas; w'here they entered into the late King James's Service, and have since that time been his chief Instruments for carrying on the War in Ireland.

The Miscarriages, in reference to the Fleet, have been as destructive to Your Majesty’s and Your People’s Interest, as those in the Army; many of Your Majesty’s . Subjects having been ruined, and others greatly damaged in their Estates, by the want of Station Ships and Convoys; and some Sea Officers, whose Duty it was to have convoyed the Ships of English Subjects, exacted Money-from Merchants, and unnecessarily pressed their Men; by which means Trade was discouraged, Your Majesty’s Customs diminished, and many of Your loyal Subjects impoverished: Your Majesty’s Fleet was also served with unwholsome and corrupted Provisions, which caused the Death of many of Your best Seamen, and has deterred many others from the Service.

It will be too tedious to multiply Instances of Miscarriages and ill Conduct in Your Majesty’s Affairs, through the ill Advice of those who have undertaken the Management of them, to which the Success in all Points has been answerable.

Our Remedy, under God, consists in Your Majesty’s Wisdom, and Affection to Your People; which, we doubt not, w’ill incline Your Majesty to hearken to the Advice of us Your dutiful Commons; who do most humbly beseech Your Majesty to take the abovesaid Matters into Your Consideration; and, in Your great Wisdom to Vol. X.

Decembris. 317

examine into, and find out the Authors of Miscarriages} and to appoint Aflhirs to be managed by Persons unsuspected, and more to the Safety of Your Majesty, and the Satisfaction of Your Subjects*

Resolved, That die Address be read a Second time, Paragraph by Paragraph.

The First Paragraph was read.

An Amendment being proposed, to leave out " inexpressible ;"

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Afterwards, a Debate arising upon the said Address;

Resolved, That the said Address be re-committed, upon the Debate of the House, to the same Committee) And they are to meet this Afternoon.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Dr. Edisbury;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That they have agreed to the Amendments proposed by this House to be made to the Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service; and for punishing false Musters; without any Alteration.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. according to their Order, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and examined touching the Matter before mentioned: And he further said, That he usually drank something too much; and did not remember any thing of the Matter, or that he had told any such thing i And Mr. Kniveton acknowledging, That he believed Mr. fVhitwrong had sat up all Night before he told him;

Mr. fVhitwrong withdrew;

And the House proceeded no further in the Examination of the Matter.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of Ways to raise the rest of the Supply granted to their Majesties.

Lima, 23* die

1° Gulielmi et Marise.

Prayers.

O ESOL FED, That the Bill for erecting a Court of

Conscience in the Town of Colchester, be now read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Reborv, Mr. Howard, Mr. Blozc/eild, Mr. JB Sir Barker, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Edw. Ai Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Rob. Nappie Mr. Reignolds, Mr. Lampion, Sir Pat. Ward, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Skip-pon, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Foley, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Christy, Mr . Gray, Mr. Niccotts, Sir Aiscough, Mr. Foot

Onslow, and all the Members that serve for the County of Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

A Petition of John and Thomas Temple, Owners of the Ship BristolI,was read; setting forth, that they, the

last Sessions of this House, exhibited their Petition, thereby setting forth the great Oppression they had sustained in relation to the said Ship, which was plundered and sunk by one John Tyrell, Captain of the Phoenix, and the Master and Mariners of the Bristoll barbarously treated and imprisoned, by Order of the East India Company: Which Petition was committed to the Committee appointed to consider of the East India Trade: Who examined the Matter of the said Petition; and made a Report therein to the House, asserting their Damage to be Thirty-one thousand Two hundred Eight Pounds Two

4 L Shillings

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Members charged with drinking lat* K. Jamea's Health.

Way a

and AteanS.

Colchester Court of Conscience.

East India Company.

Privilege — petition from a person in ' custody.

Adjourn*

ment.

Kittjg Appoints to be attended.'

Adjourn-

ment

Leave of Absence*

Call of the House.

Defaulters to call of the House*

Privilege-Aspersion of a Member.

318

2 3 ° — 3 o° Decembris.

A. 1 6

Shillings and Ten-pdnc<i; which they are ready again to the said House at that time; and that he himself came make appear: And praying the Consideration and Relief not to Town till some time after: Upon which the said of the House therein. Maid Servant was convicted of Perjury.

Ordered,.That the said Petition of John and Thomas Resolved, That the said be called in to the Bar;

Temple be referred to the Committee appointed to con- and examined, What he knows touching the Matter afore-sider of the East India Trade, and how it may be said, or of any Persons that had a band in the same, managed to the best Advantage of the Nation; to exa- And he came in; and was examined accordingly: mine the Matter; and make their Report to the House. And not giving Satisfaction to the House by his Answer;

and being withdrawn;

A Petition of Hugh Jones, Gentleman, in Custody of Ordered, That Thomas Burridge, who hath been com-the Serjeant at Arms, was read; setting forth, That the mitted to, and is now in the Custody of, the Serjeant at Petitioner is very sensible of the Displeasure he has justly Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege by incurred from this honourable House; for the which he him committed against Sir Rich. Middleton, Baronet, a is heartily sorry, and humbly begs the Favour and Pardon Member of this House, be committed a Prisoner to the of this honourable House: And, inasmuch as his Wife Gatehou of the City of Westminster. and Children, and Clients, are very great Sufferers by his

Confinement, and begging the Pardon of the House for Ordered, That the Report, touching the Election for Abington his Offence; and in Commiseration of his said Condition; the Borough of in the County of Berks, be tIectl0D*

to order his Discharge. made upon Wednesday Fortnight next

Ordered, That the said Mr. Jones be discharged out of Custody paying his Fees. Resolved, That the House do now proceed to the Se- Recovery of

And he was brought in to the Bar; and had a Repri- cond Reading the Amendments proposed by the Lords

mand from Mr. Speaker; and discharged accordingly.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House, at the Rising this Day, do adjourn till Thursday sevennight-next;

It passed in the Negative.

to be made to the Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, and for the Repair of Churches.

The First of the said Amendments was read a Second time; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by die House.

The Second of the said Amendments was read a Second time.

And die Satute of 27 Hen. VIII. Cap. 20, was read. —

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Duppa, Royal Assent Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; 10

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend

Sir Henry Capell acquaints the House, That he, and others of his Majesty’s Privy Council, having attended his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, When they Should attend his Majesty, to present their Address touching the Prince and Princess of Denmarke\ his Majesty was pleased to appoint, at the Rising of the House, this Day,

at the Banqueting House at Whitehall, after he Should his Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately return from the House of Peers, whither he intended this And accordingly Mr. Speaker, and the House, went Morning to go, to pass such Bills as were ready for the to attend His Majesty.

Royal Assent And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That he, and the House, had Resolved, That the House will, at their Rising this attended his Majesty; And that his Majesty had been Day, adjourn till This Day-sevennight. pleased to give the Royal Assent to Three Billsviz.

A Bill to prevent Doubts and Questions concerning Ordered, That Sir John Guise have Leave to go into the Collection of the publick Revenue: the Country, for a Fortnight, his Lady being ill. A Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall

mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service; and for punish-Ordered, That Mr. Vivian have Leave to go into the ing false Musters: And

Country, for Three Weeks, for Health.

Ordered, That the House be called over To-morrow-fortnight.

Resolved, That all such Members as shall not appear, upon the next Call of the House, without a reasonable Excuse, to the Satisfaction of the House, their Names shall be printed; to the end the Nation may know who do attend, and who do neglect their Duty.

A Petition of Tho. Burridge, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read; setting forth, That, after his being some time in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was committed to the Gatehouse, to give further Satisfaction, Who were his Informers as to his searching the late Dwelling House of Sir

A Bill to enable the Lord Viscount Hereford to make a Jointure, upon his Marriage with Mrs. Elizabeth bourne, notwithstanding his Minority.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

m

And then the House adjourned till this Day-seven- Adjoum-night, at Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon. ment.

And Mr. Speaker, with the Members, went to White- Address hall, to present their Address to his Majesty, concerning Presented* the Prince and Princess of Denmarke.

Luna,30® die Decembris; i° Guliehni et Marioe.

Prayers.

Middleton for Arms: That he never had any other In- a MOTION being made, for laying an Imposition at imposition

— -- --- -- he hath the Custom-house upon Coffee, Tea, and Cl

formation than that of his Maid Servant’s, as made Affidavit of, and is ready still so to do: And having begged the said Sir Rich. Middletons Pardon; and begging the Pardon of this honourable House for his Offence; prayed to be discharged.

And the House being informed, that a Maid Servant of the said Thomas Burridge had sworn before a Justice

and Chocolateon Coffee. Ordered, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The House being moved to take into Consideration Duke of , a Petition formerly presented by the Creditors of the late Hueking-

of Peace, That she had seen several Fire Arms brought Duke of Buckingham, for Sale of the late Duke of Buck- ham Estate, into the House of the said Sir Richard Middleton in Soho ingham’s Estate for Payment of his Debts;

The same was considered of accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to sell the late Duke of Bucks' Estate, for the Raising of Money to pay his Debts.

Ordered,

in January last; and that Sir Rich. Middleton was present when they were brought in: And that the said Maid Servant having been indicted of Perjury thereupon, it was ..proved, That Sir Rich. M’uldlcton had not taken

Leave of Absence*

Omission to take Oaths.

Recovery of Tylhes.

London

Orphans.

Supply Bill; late Queeu Mary's Estate.

Supply Bill; Pull Tax.

Supply Bill; Fork I lures.

Supply Bill; Tax ou Jews.

Restoring

Corpora-

tiens.

Attainder of Irish Rebels.

Irish Protestants.

Way’s and hi cans.

i W. & M. 3 o° — 310 3*9

Ordered, That Mr. Windham have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Relief of such as have not taken the Oaths within the Time limited by an Act of this present Parliament, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

The House being moved, and the Question being put that the Amendments proposed by the Lords to be made to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, and for Repair of Churches, be now taken into Consideration;

The House divide

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,} «3-

Te,er,f,r«heNoes/|;^". } 63.

Whereupon Mr. Speaker gave his Vote for the Noes.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do, on Thursday-next-come-sevennight the first Business, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

A Bill to vest in their Majesties the Lands granted by the late King James to certain Feoffees, in Trust for the late Queen Mary, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Review of the Poll Bill, and for an additional Poll, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the levying and appropriating the Five hundred Pounds Forfeitures to their Majesties, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for laying a Tax upon thfe Jews of One hundred thousand Pounds, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hampdenreports from the Committee of1 the whole

House,' That they, having taken the Matter to them referred into their Consideration, had agreed upon a Resolution, which they directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, as a further Means of raising a Supply for their Majesties, the House be moved, That a Bill be brought in to forbid all Persons to sell Beer, Ale, Cyder, Mum, Coffee,

Tea, Chocolate, and other such Liquors; or to distil of sell Brandy, Strong-waters, or Spirits, for One Year, without Licence: And that in such Bill there bean Imposition, to pay, for every Licence to sell Beer, Ale, Cyder, Mum, and other such Liquors, a Sum not under Twenty Shillings; and to sell Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, and such Liquors, not under Forty Shillings; and to distil Brandy, and other Strong-waters and Spirits, not under Five Pounds; and to sell, by Retale, Brandy and other Strong-waters and Spirits, not under Twenty Shillings.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved,.Th&tthe House doth agree with the Committee, That, as a further Means of raising a Supply for their Majesties, the House be moved, That a Bill be brought in to forbid all Persons to sell Beer, Ale, Cyder, Mum,

Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, and other such Liquors; or to distil or sell Brandy, Strong-waters or Spirits; for One Year, without Licence: And that, in such Bill, there be an Imposition to pay for every Licence to sell Beer, Ale,

Cyder, Mum, and other such Liquors, a Sum not under Twenty Shillings; and to sell Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, and such-like Liquors, not under Forty Shillings; and to distil Brandy, and other Strong-waters and Spirits, not under Five Pounds; and to sell, by Retale, Brandy, and other Strong-waters and Spirits, not under Twenty Shillings.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of further Ways to raise the Supply granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker reports to the House, Thathe had attended Answer to his Majesty, on Monday last, at Whitehal with the Address Address, relating to the Prince and Princess Anne of:

And that his Majesty was pleased to return this Answer;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for restoring Corporations, was referred, be made upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Gentlemen,

Whatsoever comes from the House of Commons, is so agreeable to Me, and particularly this Address, that I shall do what you desire of Me.

A Bill for attainting the Persons as are in Rebellion against their Majesties in Ireland, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Birch, Sir John Trevor, Serjeant Tr Mr. Braver, Mr. Stockdale, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Howe, Lord Mr. Campion, Sir H. Hobart, Mr. Bayle, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Jo. Thompson, Sir John Doyley, Mr. Montague,

Sir Phil. Gell, Colonel Tipping, Sir Hussey, Colonel

Kirby, Sir Mat. Andrews, Sir RoL Rich, Lord Falkland, Sir Patience Ward, Mr. Fox, Mr. Harley, Mr. Paten, Mr. Christy, Sir John Wyn, Sir Rob. Cotton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for relieving their Majesties Subjects, being Protestants, in Ireland',was referred, be made To-morrowr

Morning.

Resolved, That the House do now resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways to raise the rest of the Supply given to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hampden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Vol. X.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Committee of Privileges do make his Report Tomorrow Morning, of Privilege*, such Elections as have been heard before the said Committee, except the Case of Abington, which is appointed for another Day.

Martis, 31* die Decembris; l* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Attainder of Clause to the Bill for attainting such as are in Rebel- Irish lion against their Majesties in Ireland, to vest in the Duke of Ormond all Estates made by him, or his Ancestors, to any Tenants, and all Monies issuing out of, or Mortgages,

Charges, or Incumbrances upon, the said Duke’s Estate, to any Person, who are in Rebellion against their Majesties.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Trenchard have Leave to Leave of

so into the Country, for a Fortnight, for recovery of his Absence, lealth.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee Irish Proto whom the Bill for the Relief of their Majesties testants.

Protestant

Duke of Buckingham's Estate.

Imprisonment of the Subject.

Plymouth

Election.

320 31 0 Decembris.A- 1685^,

Protestant Subjects in Ireland was referred, That they had agreed to make several Amendments in the Kill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read once throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by oue; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Rill to enable the Trustees of the late Duke of Buckingham to sell his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

Ordered \That Sir Thomas Zee, and Mr. Houses, do bring in the Bill for regulating the Imprisonment of the Subject, upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to whom the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon was referred, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: The which he delivered in Writing at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Upon the Petition of Martin Ryder, Esquire, against the Return of John Granvile, Esquire, Burgess for Plymouth in the County of Devon.

That, lor the Petitioner, the Counsel insisted, That Plymouth was a Borough by Prescription; and incorporated in the fteign of Henry the Sixth: And that the Right of Election was in the Freeholders and Freemen of Plymouth: And alleged, the Petitioner had the Majority, upon the Poll, both of Freeholders and Freemen.

That, for the sitting Member, the Counsel insisted,

That, Plymouth being a Borough by Prescription, the Right of Election could not be in the Corporation of Freemen, though of late they had interposed in Elections: And that it was in the Freeholders only: Whereof they insisted the sitting Member had the Majority thereupon.

That, for the Petitioner the Counsel produced the Resolution of this House 9 June 1660, " That the Right of Election of Burgesses for Plymou was in the Mayor and Commonalty;" and produced Indentures of Return;

\9 Jacobi.-Major 8$ Communiias ex

muni Asscnsu 8$ general Consensu elegerunt — Indentur sub Sigillo Majori 8$ Communitatis.

26 Eliz.-Major Communitas

assignaverunt Burgcnses — Indentur a sub Sigillo

Majoris 8; Communitatis.

2 Phil' Maries.----- Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonality of Plymouth elected. — Indenture under the Common Seal of Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty.

1 Curoli. — Major 8t Comnuinitas elegerunt — Indentur sub Communi Sigillo Majoris 8$ Communitatis. ——

15 Car. I.----- Major &; -

Indentur sub CommuniSigilloMajoris8;Communitatis-----

William Cotton said, That the Elections of Burgesses had been formerly by the Mayor, Magistrates, and Common Council, and no Freeholder was admitted: But some Freeholders have been admitted.

That, for the Sitting Member, the Counsel agreed That Freemen had interposed for Forty or Fifty Years, but without any Right

Sumuell East lake said, He took the Poll for the Election on the Behalf of Mr. Ride; and, when he numbered them, he found Eighty-live for Mr. , and Eighty-

nine for Mv. Ryder.

Cotton said. That Mr. Rider had Fifty-live Freeholders,

and Mr. Granvile Fifty-four.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member called John Miller and Andrew Philipps: Who said, The Poll delivered in by the Sitting Member was taken by Order of the Mayor: And that Air. Granvile had Sixty-one Freeholders, and Air. Rider Fifty-three.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Conunittee came 17

to a Resolution: Which the said Mr. Grey read in his riace; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: W here the same was read; and is as follow eth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Granvr/l Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to

serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

The said Resolution being read a Second time:

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That John Granvill, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve

in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Devon.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of Privileges Southamp-and Elections, to whom the Alatter touching the Election ton Election, for the Town and County of Southamp/oti was referred, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee:

The which he delivered in Writing at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Charles Windham, Knight, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Edward Fleming, Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town, and County and Town of Southampton;

That the Petitioner claimed to be chosen by the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said Town, paying Scotland Lot.

And the Sitting Member claimed to be chosen by the Mayor, Bailiff, and select Number of Burgesses of the Corporation.

And, if the Right was in the Burgesses and Inhabitants at large, it was agreed to be with the Petitioner; if in the select Number, to be with the Sitting Member.

That, for the Petitioner, the Counsel produced several Indentures of Return of Burgesses for the said Town;

28 H. VI. — An Indenture of Return. — 13 elegerunt — Indentura sub Sigillis suis.

17 Ed.IV. — 12 elegerunt — Indentur sub Sigillis suis.

33 //. VIII. — About Thirty-six Burgesses and free Tenants elected. — Indenture under their Seals.

1 Marice. — Asscnsu Burgcnsium 8$ Inhabitant'

Southampton electi sunt — Indentura sub Sigillis Burgcn

4' Inhabitants pr(edict.'

43 Eliz. — Burgenses Villa, preedict cc qui in plcno Comitati interfuerunt, elegerunt — Indentura sub Sigillis suis.

21 Jaco. — In plcno Com', per Asscnsu' Burgensiu Inhabitant' ejusdem Villce electi fuerunt — sub Sigillis suis.

i* Car.I"1*. - - Burgenses 8fInhabitant' Villa 8; mitatuspr(edict' elegi facerunt — sub Sigillis suis

31* Car. IP1. — 31* El at Burgenses Villa, pradict' elegerunt — sub Sigillis suis separatim.

And called Jos. Hancock and Isaac Watts: Who said, they knew several Elections of Burgesses for the said Towm; and that the Scotland Lot Aien used to elect, and have several times polled; and, to that end, they used to have the Poor Books at the Poll: And that the Scotland Lot Aien were never denied; and particularly, that they were allowed to poll for Mr. Brett and Sir Benjamin Newland at this last Convention; and that they sat in this House as so elected: And Colonel Fleming then polled the Scotland Lot Men himself.

Ji m. Lyne said, he had borne all Offices, and that Scotland Lot Men always chose: And that this Time they combined together, and made an Agreement to save the Mayor harmless if Sir Cha. Windhashould bring an Action.

JVm. Birkinhead said, That he had known the Town Fourteen Years: That he is now a Burgess of the Town; but was admitted to poll for Parliament Men as a Scotland Lot Man at an Election, before he was Burgess; and signed the Return.

For the Sitting Member, the Counsel insisted, That the Right of the Election was in the Corporation; and that they were a Corporation Time out of Mind; and that

none

i W. £5" M. 31° Decembrls — 2° Januarii.

I'll

Ways and Means.

none but Members of Corporations had made any Returns from 6 E. VI. till February 79.

And produced their Charter, in which there was an . Inspeximus of Henry the Second’s Charter. Quod sui de Hampton habeant et teneant suam, et

Libertatcs8$ Consuetudines suas.

And produced Indentures of Return; viz. 6° E. VI*'. l* Marias, i° Eliz. 16® Car. I1*, 15® Car. Imi, 31° Car.

11* 30 Car. II. 22* Car. II. 13* Car. II*.

And called John Clements and Pocock: Who

said, As to all the Names mentioned in those Returns, he had searched the Corporation Book; and found their Names entered therein, as of the Guild and Burgesses of the Town: And Pococke acknowledged, He did take the Poll for Major Brett at the Convention; and Mr. Bret was returned, as chosen by Scotland Lot Men.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: The which the said Mr. Grey read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s . .: Where they were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, is in the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said Town and County.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Edxvard Fleming, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town, and County and Town of Southampton.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Charles Windham, Knight, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town, and County and down of Southampton.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Town, and County of the Town of Southampton, is in the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said Town and County.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Eduard Fleming, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Charles Windham, Knight, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town, and County of the Town of Southampton.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do, upon Thursday Morning next, attend, to amend the said Return.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of further Ways to raise the Supply granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hampden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr., Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hampden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had agreed upon several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, as a further Means of raising a Supply for their Majesties, there bean Imposition laid upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Custom-house: And that the House be moved, That a Bill be brought in for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, as a further Means of raising the said Supply, there be an Imposition of One Quarter of a Years lull Value Vox.. X.

laid upon every House, ejected upon a hew Foundation within the Lines of Communication, and Weekly Bills of Mortality, since the Twenty-fourth June 1660; to be paid by the present Occupier: And that the House be moved, That a Bill be brought in for that Purpose.

The first of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That, as a further Means of raising a Supply for their Majesties, there be an Imposition laid upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Custom-house.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in according to the said Resolve: And that Sir Math. Andrews do prepare and bring in the Bill.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " paid;" and, instead thereof, to insert " laid down;’ Which was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Conl-mitteein the said Resolve, so amended, That, as a further Means of raising the said Supply, there be an Imposition of One Quarter of a Year's full Value laid upon every House, erected upon a new Foundation within the Lines of Communication ami Weekly Bills of Mortality, since the Twenty-fourth June 1G60; to be laid down by the present Occupier.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in according to the said Resolve: And that Sir WWogan and Mr. Christy do prepare and bring in the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney . Mr. Solicitor do prepare and bring in the Bill, directed Yesterday for an Imposition to pay lor Licences to sell Beer, Ale, Cyder, Mum, Coffee, Brandy, and other Liquors.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Friday Morning next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further into the Consideration of Ways to raise the rest of the Supply granted to their Majesties.

Resolved, That this House w ill adjourn till Thursday Morning next.

Jovis, 2* die Januarii;

Primo Guliehni et Maria?, Anno Dorn. 1689.

Praters.

THE House being acquainted, That the Clerk of the Southampton Crown attended at the Door, to amend the Return Return for the Town and County of Southampton; amended.

He was called in; and amended the Return accordingly, by striking out the Name of Fleming, Esquire, and inserting die Name of Sir Charles

And thereupon Sir Charles ll inahmn was introduced into the House, according to the usual Custom. ’

A Complaint being made to the House, That one Aaron privilege. Atkins hath arrested, and keeps in Custody, Nicholas Kendall, a Servant of Walter Kendall, Esquire, a Member of

this House, in Breach of the Privileges of the House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill to enable Wm. Batson, Esquire, to sell Lands in Batson’s the County of Oxjord; and to settle an Estate in the County Estate, of Sujfblke to the same Uses; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Barker,

Sir John Moreton, Sir John Fou-ell, Sir Tho. Mr.

Glemham, Sir Walt. Young, Sir Tho.Littleton, Mr. Rebate, Sir Fra. Guybon, Sir Rob.Rich. Sir Mr.

J Char ton. Sir Wm. Ellis, Sir Cha.Bloys, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fcmcick, Mr. Christy, Mr. Freke, Mr. Etterick, Sir Math.

Andrews, Sir Cha. Raleigh^ Sir Cha. WindMr. Hunt, Sir John Broun low, Sir John Guise, Mr. BloujeUd, and all --4 M the

Supply Bill Duty on Coffee, ‘

Leave of Absence.

Reversing

Walcott

Attainder.

2° Januairiu

A. 16

22

the Members that serve for the County of And

they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

; A Bill for laying a Duty upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Custom-house, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Sands have Leave to be absent in the Country a Fortnight.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for-annulling the Attainder of cult, Gentleman, was referred, and to whom the Petition of the Countess of Roscomon was also referred, That they had heard Counsel on both Sides: And that some Dispute arising, which Side Should be first heard, it was resolved by the Committee, That the Petitioners Counsel Should be first heard, What Reasons they had to give against the passing the Bill, before the Committee could-proceed upon the Bill itself.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel did insist principally upon a Grant made by King Charles the Second to the Petitioner’s late Husband, of the Estate of Captain Tho.

Wulcott, attainted and executed for High Treason: Which Estate was settled afterwards upon the Petitioner, by her said Husband, as Part of her Jointure: All which was admitted by the Counsel for the Bill; so that neither the said Grant nor Settlement were produced to the Committee.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel likewise said something in relation to an Agreement made between the Petitioner, and the Son of the said Captain Wllcot; but made no Proof of the same.

That the Petitioner’s Counsel urged much, That if there was no illegal Return of Jurors, nor undue Construction of Law, in the Case of Captain Tho. Walcott \ that then, the Inducement to the said Bill failing, there would be consequently no Reason for passing the said Bill.

That, in order to prove there was no undue Construction of Law, the Counsel for the Petitioner said, Captain Walcott was indicted for conspiring the Death of the King, which was a plain Species of Treason within the 25 Edw. IIId.

But, being asked for the Indictment they had it not to produce, nor any Copy thereof examined; although Mr.

Tanner, who keeps the said Record, was summoned to attend.

That there was no illegal Return of Jurors: The Counsel for the Petitioner produced Mr. Trotman and Mr.

NormanseU, the Two Secondaries of the Compters.

They both informed the Committee, That the Jury . which passed upon Captain Walcott, were taken out of the same Panel with my Lord Russell's Jury.

That Sir Dudley North, then Sheriff, sent him the said Panel, with Orders under his Hand to return the same.

That, being asked, If that was the usual Custom to receive Panels from the High Sheriff with such Directions, they both answered, Formerly the Sheriffs themselves did not intermeddle in the Return of Juries, but left it to their Secondaries; until about Two Years before that time it had been otherwise; and that it began in Bethell and

Cornishes Time.

That, being asked, Whether the Jury that passed upon Walcot were Freeholders, the Names of them being read at the Table; they severally answered, They did not know them to be so: But they said, It had been usual in the City of London to return sufficient Men, without Respect to their Freehold.

That the Counsel for the Bill insisted, That this House being possessed of an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, where the Matter had been already examined, that therefore they were not bound to prove the Inducement to the Bill.

But that they did, however, produce Two Witnesses, Mr. Rutland and Mr. Man: Who both informed the Committee, That they were Two of Mr. Walcott's Jury

20

that passed upon him: And being asked,. if they were at that time Freeholders; they both answered in the Negative.

That the Counsel for the Bill said, If the Committee were satisfied with the Petitioner’s Reasons against the Bill, they must submit die Matter; only, if the Bill did pass, they saw no Reason why Mr. s Estate Should

not be, by Consequence, restored.

So the Counsel withdrew.

And that, after Debate, the Question being put, That the Petitioner’s Counsel had given sufficient Reason against passing the Bill;

It passed in the Negative, That diey had not.

And that thereupon the Committee proceeded, and passed the Bill vrithout any Amendments.

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee Restoring to whom the Bill for restoring Corporations was referred, Corporation*. That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill, and several Clauses to be added thereunto: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one: And, with some Amendments proposed and agreed upon, and made at the Table accordingly, the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Proviso was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That the Bill shall not extend to the Town and Corporation of Nottingham: Which was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Proviso was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That this Bill shall not extend to the City of Hereford:

And the Question being put, That the said Proviso be read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yca*{^’^ }l27.

Tellers for the Noes, }"S-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso was offered, That nothing in the Bill Should extend to confirm any Grant or Lease made without Impeachment of Waste of any Lands belonging to the Borough of Malmesbury by Colour or Pretence of any new Charter, granted by King James the Second to the said Borough: Which was twice read; and agreed unto by the House.

Another Proviso was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That nothing in this Bill, other than the Clause touching the not tendering, taking, or subscribing the Oath and Declaration, shall extend to the Corporation of the City of London, or any the Companies thereof; but the same are wholly excepted thereout;. any thing to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Resolved, That the Clause be read a Second time.

The Clause was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill.

A Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, that whereas it is necessary for the sake of publick Justice, and securing the Government for the future, that such open Attempts upon the Constitution, and so notorious Violations of Oaths and Trusts, Should not go wholly unpunished, lest hereafter ill Men might be encouraged to the like Guilt, in hopes to come off with Impunity, though they Should fail of Success: Be it therefore Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That every Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, Steward,

Sheriff, Common Councilman, Town Clerk, Magistrate, or Officer, who, without the Consent of the greatest Number

a® — 3® JanuariL

3*3

of the respective Body Corporate, City, Town* Borough, or Cinque Port, whereof he was a Member previously de-

clared, did take upon him to consent to, or join in any such Surrender, or Instrument purporting such Surrender as aforesaid; or did solicit, procure, prosecute, or did pay or contribute to the Charge of prosecuting any Scire Facias, Quo Warranto, or Information in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, by this Act declared void; shall be, and is hereby declared, adjudged, and enacted, for the Space of Years, uncapable and disabled to all Intents and Purposes to bear or Execute any Office, Employment, or Place of Trust, as a Member of such respective Body Corporate, or in or for such respective City, Town, or Borough, or Cinque Port, whereof or wherein he was a Member of such respective Body Corporate, at, or before the time of the making such Surrender, or Instrument purporting such Surrender, or the suing out or prosecuting such Scire Facias, Quo Warranto, or Instrument in the Nature of a Quo Warrantoany thing in this Act contained, or any other Law, Statute, or any Ordinance, Charter, Custom or Thing, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Which said Clause was twice read.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Clause by adding, after the Words, " declared void," these Words, " or did procure any Warrant of the King and Council to be admitted to the Offices of Mayor, Recorder, Steward, Town Clerk, or other Officer, in any Corporation; or was a Regulator, or admitted into any Corporation upon any Regulation made thereofAnd other Amendments were proposed.

Upon which a Debate arose in the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teitefor theYeas,^;^ } 89.

jW

So it passed in the N egative.

Resolved, That Candles be brought in.

And the Question being put, That the said Words be added to the Clause;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j- 78.

Tellers for the Noes,[*['; }>33-

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made In the Clause, by leaving out, " without the Consent of the greater Number of the respective Body Corporate, City, or Cinque Port, whereof he was a Member previously declared Which was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Amendment made accordingly.

And it being proposed, and the Question being put, That the Blank in the Clause be filled up with " Seven;" it was agreed unto by the House: And the Blank filled up accordingly.

And the Question being put, That the Clause, so amended, be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.^*^ }.33-

Tellers for the Nocs,^'J} 68'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill: Which was twice read; and is as followeth, vis.

" And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person hereby Enacted and Declared to be incapable and disabled to bear or execute any such Office, Employment, or Place of Trust, as aforesaid, shall, at Voit X.

any time after the , take upon him to bear or execute Restoring any such Office, Employment, or Place of Trust, as afore*- Corpora-said; every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of; tlon*' to be recovered by any Member or Inhabitant of the respective Body Corporate, City, Town, Borough, or Cinque Port, who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, or Plaint, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Essoign, Protection} Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed: And also, upon Verdict found or Judgment given by Confession, or otherwise, in such Action against the Defendant, the said Defendant shall . be for ever incapable to bear or execute any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever, within the Kingdom of England, or Dominion of Wales: Provided also, and be it Enacted, That a former Action depending shall be no Plea for the Defendant in any Action to be brought upon this Statute, if such former Action hath depended by the Space of Three Terms: Nor shall a Nonsuit of the Plaintiff, or a Judgment for the Defendant in any former, be a Bar to the Plaintiff in any Action to be brought upon this Statute."

And it being proposed, That the First Blank be filled up with " Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Six hundred and Ninety;" and the Second Blank with " Five hundred Pounds," the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Blanks filled up accordingly.

Resolved, That the Clause, so amended, be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Preamble of the Bill, by adding these Words, " and Town of Berwick upon Tweed? Which was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the several Clauses and Amendments, be ingrossed.

Veneris, 3® dieJanuarii;

i® Gulielmi et Marise.

AMOTION being made on the Behalf of Mr. Wortley’s Wortley, a Member of this House; shewing, That Children's his Estate being settled upon him for Life, and, after his Maintenance. Decease, upon his Wife, for her Life; and no Provision being made for her Children during his Wife’s Life, in case she survived him; and that his Wife being perverted to the Popish Religion, and gone beyond Sea without his Consent, his Children would be destitute of any Subsistence, in case she survived, but what they Should receive from their Mother at her Will and Pleasure; who thereby might take Occasion to pervert them to the Popish Religion; and that for preventing thereof, he desired,

That Leave might be given to bring in a Bill, to settle a competent Maintenance for his Children, during his Wife’s Life, in case she survived him;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for City of Lon-restoring the City of London to its ancient Rights and do"’s Riehu Liberties. miUU,*.

Ordered, That Mr. White and Mr. Tho. Hussey have Privilege of Leave to wave their Privilege in a Suit in Chancery be- Member* in tween them, if they think fit so to do. a Suit.

A Bill for the better enabling the Trustees of the late Duke of Duke of Buckingham to sell his Estate, for Payment of Bucking-his Debts, was read the Second time. ams

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Christye,.

Sir John Brown low, Lord Sherrard, Sir Dun. Colchester,"

Mr. Stockdgle, Major' Manky, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr.

ReynellK

1

Duke of

Buckingham's Estate*

Judgments on Scandalis Magnatura.

Cooke’s

Estate.

East India Trade.

Aulnage

Duty.

Leave of Absence.

Supply Bill; Duty on . Coffee.

324 30 — 40 JanuuriL .1689.

Reynell, Sir PatienceWard, Mr Colonel

Sir Rob. Sawyer, Mr. Sherrard,.Sir , Mr.

Bockland, Sir Wm.Ashurst, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Buscaxcen,

.Sir Fra. Guyboti, Sir Tho. MackwSir Mr.

Done, Mr. Smith, Mr. Preston, Mr. Sir Cha.

Wyndhatn, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Paten, Sir Trevor Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Ncu'port, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr.

Pitts, Mr. May, Mr. Mansell, Sir Doyley, and all the Members that serve for the County of Yorke: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Frances Lady rudenett, on Behalf of herself, and Eliz. Countess of Castlehaven, and Maiy Cary, her Sisters, Grandchildren of Christopher late Earl of Anglesey, who was uncle of Geo. late Duke of Bucks, was read; thereby setting forth, That, by the Bill brought for Sale of the Duke’s Estate, whereby his Debts may be paid, the Equity of Redemption thereof is claimed by his Heir, an Infant; whereby the Petitioners are like to be much- prejudiced, they being the right Heirs of the Duke, and are not taken notice of in the Bill: And praying to be heard before the Committee to whom the Bill is referred.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better enabling the Trustees of the late Duke of Buckingham to sell his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, is referred: And that Mr. Done be added to the Committee.

A Bill to reverse Two Judgments given in the King's Bench, in Two Actions brought by the Duke of Beauf ort against Sir Trevor Williams, Baronet, and John Arnold, Esquire, upon the Statute de Scandalis;

and to discharge an Action brought by the Duke against John Dutton Colt, Esquire, upon the said Statute; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John More-ton, Mr. Brodrep, Sir Wm. PSir Pat. Ward, Sir

Fra. Blake, Mr. Frcake, Mr. Smith, Major JIanley, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Bull, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Ilobby, Sir John Brownlow, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Thomson, Sir Wm.

Cooper, Sir Wm.Ellis, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Mr.

Mansell, Mr. Neale, Sir Tho. BarnaSir Ash-urst, Sir John Cary, Sir Rob.Clayton, Major Vincent, Mr.

Cooke, Sir Dun. Colchester, Sir Langham, Sir Edxv. Harley, Mr. Boscaxcen, Mr. Gray, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Sir John Doyley, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr. Tho.Howard: And they are to

meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are, impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Kecke.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling of Trustees to sell the Lands of Richard Cooke, deceased, to pay Debts, and raise a Portion for his Daughter: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Thomas Skynner *.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the East India Trade; and how it may be managed to the best Advantage of the Nation; to examine the Matter, and make their Report thereof to the House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer to that Committee a Clause for Liberty to import Spices from Foreign Countries in English Ships, although the said Spices are not of the Growth or Product of the said Countries.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause, to Supply Rill; the Bill for taxing new Buildings, to prevent any further "ew Uuild-Building upon new Foundations about Lotulon for the future.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole Ways House, to consider of Ways to raise the rest of the Supply Mean9* given to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, that they, having taken the Matter to them referred into Consideration, had agreed upon a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House:

The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

-That, as a further Means of raising of a Supply to be given to their Majesties, there be a further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, for One Year, laid upon all Persons and Estates, charged by an Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound, for One Year.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That, as a further Means of raising a Supply to be given to their Majesties, there be afurther Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, for One Year, laid upon all Persons and Estates, charged by an Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound, for One Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare and bring in the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Williams and Mr. Finch have Members t» Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between a^nd Lord* Cooke and Fcmleim.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Sahhati 4° die Januarii;

1° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

ABILL to enMeThojnas Edon, Esquire, to sell Lands Edon»

for Payment of his Debts, and make Provision for Estate, his Wife, in lieu of her Jointure, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Morland have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to re- Pilchard gulate the Pilchard Fishing in the Counties of Cornwall f ishery, and Devon.

Ordered, That. Leave be given to bring in a Bill for collecting the Duty of Aulnage at the Custom-House.

Ordered, That Mr. Morley have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight.

A Bill for collecting the Duty upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Custom-house, was read the Second time.

A Bill to settle a Maintenance upon the Children of Worthy’* Sidney JVortley, alias Montague, Esquire, during his Wife’s Maintenance. Life, in case she survived him, was read the First time. nce*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard Reports from the Committee Irish Forfeit-to whom it was referred to prepare a Bill for Sale of the ed Estate.*. Estates, that were forfeited by those that were now in

Rebellion

Prize Salt.

Indemnifying persons acting lor their Majesties.

Restoring Co rjK) rations.

Attainder of Irish Rebels.

Judgment on bcandalis Magnatum.

Dnke of Due king-ham1s Estate.

Supply Bill: Duty on Coffee.

Militia.

Leave for Clerk to attend Lords.

i W. & M. 4® — 7 '’'yanu525

Rebellion against their Majesties in the Kingdom of Ireland, That they had prepared a Bill accordingly: Which lie delivered in at the Table; and was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Christy reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for Preservation of French Salt, taken as Prize, was referred, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made therein; and also upon a Clause, for further time for Arthur Shallctt and # Hcathcott to import Two hundred Ton of Spanish Brandy; and had directed him to report the same to the House: Which Amendments he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and also the said Clause; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill so amended, and with the said Clause, be ingrossed.

A Bill to prevent vexatious Suits against such as acted in order to the bringing in of their present Majesties, or for their Service, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for restoring Corporations, be read the Third time on Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for attainting such as are in Rebellion against their Ma jesties

in Ireland.....: And that Sir 7ho. Littleton, Mr. Christy,

Mr. Pari, hurst, Lord Shcrrard, Sir IVm. Mn

Fox, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lawton, Mr. 7/be added to the said Committee.

t

Ordered, That Mr. Christy and Sir Guise be added to the Committee to whom the Bill lor reversing Two Judgments given in the King's Bench, in Two Actions brought by the Duke of Beaufort against Sir Trevor hams, Baronet, and John Arnold, Esquire, upon the Statute dc Scanda/is Jlfugnation;and to discharge an

Action brought by the said Duke against John Dutton, Esquire, upon the said Statute.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Harvard and Major be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for better enabling the Trustees of the late Duke of Bucks to sell his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, is referred.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for collecting the Duty upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Custom House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hampden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hampden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had gone through the Bill; and agreed upon several Amendments to be made therein; and also upon a Clause, for Liberty to import Spices from Foreign Countries in English Ships, which they had directed him to report to the House, with the first Opportunity.

Ordered, That the Lord Brandon and Colonel Kirby be added to the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the settling the Militia of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That the House do adjourn until Tuesday Morning next.

Mortis, 7° die Januarii; l® Gulielini et Marie.

Prayers.

f\ RDERED, That Mr. Jodrell, the Clerk of this

House, have Leave to attend the Lords, in a Cause between Coke and Founteine.

Vol. X.

A Bill to enable Thomas Edon, Esquire, to sell Lands Kdon's to pay his Debts, and make Provision for his Wife, in Estate* lieu of her Jointure, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Johti Brounlow, Colonel Whitley, Mr. Edzt'. Montague, Sir John Mamvaring, Sir Edw.Harley, Mr. Christy,

Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Smith, Mr. , Mr. Cha:

Montague, Captain Wroth, Mr. Elkccll,

Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Blozcfeild, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Eo.r,

Mr. Newport, Mr. Mamcareing, Mr. Hales, Sir Peter Rich, Mr. Manky, Mr. 7 'hornhaugh, Mr. Harly, Mr. Dalben, Colonel lipping, Sir Edw.Hussey, Sir ham, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Buscazcen, Sir Andrezces,

Mr. Moore, Sir Jo. Moreton, and all the Members that serve for the County of Essex: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That the Bill for erecting Courts of Con- Westminster science in the Borough of Sout/m ark, City of Westminster, &c. Courts of the TozverHamlets, and Out Parishes, which was for- Conscience.

mci'Jy read a Second time, and not proceeded upon, be committed to M r. Arnold, Mr Anth.Grey, Sir

Mr. Cooke, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir JWynne, Mr. Mon-

tague, Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Harvard, Mr. Feirwicke, Mr.

Christy, Sir Rob.Cot ton, Mr. Bickcrstajfe, M r. 7 hornhaugh.

Sir Hob. Nuppier, Sir John Doyley, Mr. Smith, Sir Edw.

Hussey, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir John ManuareiMr Do/ben,

Mr. Mansell, Mr. Blozt jeiId, Sir Tho. Middleton, Sir Cha.

Bloys, Colonel Tipping, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Sir

Fra.Guibon, Mr. Kendall, Sir Hen.Ashurst, Mr. Elkccll,

Sir Mat. Andrews, Sir Wm. Cooper, Mr. Eldred, Mr. Harley, Mr. Fuller, Nr. Mamcareing, Mr. Thomson, Mr.

ley, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Vincent, Sir Tho. Barnadis-

lon, Major Vincent, Major Manley, Sir Cha.

Sir John Cary, Mr. Jloore, and all the Members that

serve for the City of London and IFcsland County of Middlesex, and Borough of Southzcarke: And they are

to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Three of the

Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Tho. Burridge, committed by this House prjviifige_ a Prisoner to the Gatehoudc, was read; whereby he prayed petition from

to be discharged of his Imprisonment, having begged ft person in the Pardon of Sir Rich. Middleton (upon whose Com- custody* plaint lie was first committed); and begging the Pardon of the House.

Ordered, That the said Tho. Burridge be discharged of his Imprisonment.

Then the Order for the Calling-over the House, this Call of the Day, was read. House.

Resolved, That the House proceed therein.

Accordingly the House was called over by the Book of Returns of the Members; and the Defaulters noted down.

Afterwards the Defaulters w ere called over again; and such as made Default to answer thereupon, were again noted down; and Excuses for several of them (that were so absent) were allowed.

And Notice being taken of Sir Jonathan Jennings as a Defaulter; and the House being informed that he w as lately made High Sheriff of Yorkshire; a Debate arose thereupon.

Resolved, Nemine contradicalte, That the Nominating jviembers not

of any Member of this House to the King, to be made a to be Sheriffs. Sheriff, is a Breach of the Privileges of this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, That he will please to constitute another Sheriff for the County of York, for this present Year, in the room of Sir Jonathan Jennings.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do attend his Majesty with the said Address.

The House being informed, that Francis Cholmly,

Esquire, one of the Members of this House, was in Town, and had not attended the House all this Sesr siou;

4 N Ordered,

Wortly’s Children'9 Maintenance.

Supply Bill Duty on Coflee.

Abington

Election.

70 — 8° Januarii. A. i

Ordered, That Notice be given hin by the Serjeant at Arms, That he attend this House upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow MomiDg, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuiii, 8" die Januarii; l® Gulielmi et Marioe.

Prayers.

ABIL L to settle Maintenances for the Children of

Sidney JVortly, alias M Esquire, in case of - his Death, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edw. Montague, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir John Doyley, Sir Ch.

Musgrave, Mr. Parkliurst, Mr. White, Mr.

Mr. Lassells, Mr. Lampton, Mr Mr. Dolben,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Manly, Mr.

Roberts, Mr. Eldred, Sir Wm. Lerceson Gowre, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Wm. Honeywood, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Tho. Mr. Ed-

ward Thomson, Mr. Niccolls, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Moreland,

Sir Jo.Moreton, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Grey, Sir Tho.

Littleton, Mr. Harley, Sir Walter MMr. Pelham, Sir

John Cary, Mr. Liddall, Mr. Palmes, Sir Mr,

Laughton, and all the Members that serve for the County of Yorke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

; Mr. Hampden reports from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for collecting the Duty upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Custom House, the several Amendments agreed upon by the Committee; together with the Clause for importing of Spices from Foreign Countries: Reading in his Place the said Amend-© m © ments, with the Coherence, and the said Clause; and

afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An Amendment being proposed to be made in the Bill, by leaving out of it the Word " Shirbett;" the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill so amended, and with the said Clause, be ingrossed.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of Privileges, to whom was referred the Matter touching the Election of a Burgess of Abington in the County of Berkes, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he delivered in, in Writing, at the Clerk’s Table: And was there read; and is as follow eth;

Upon the Petition of Sir John Storehouse, Baronet, against the Election and Return of John Southby, Esquire, Burgess for Abington in the County of Berkes;

It appreared to the Committee, That the Poll upon the said Election was taken promiscuously.

It was agreed upon the Poll, as it was taken, there was 263 for Sir John Stonehouse(only one Harris polled twice),

and 243 for the Sitting Member.

But for the Sitting Member, the Counsel ,insisted, That Mr. Southby had the Majority of qualified Voices: And called

Ben. Tompkins, Tho. Mather, John Jennings: Who testified, That Anth. Weston, John

Edw. Gibbs, Rich. Cholmly, Paul Higgins, Wm. Collins, John Bu nee, Christopher Star ton, Tho. Langford, Tho. Coxiter, Rich. Baker, Tho. Davis, Hen. Mcl/ing,

Rob. Alt, Rob. Hopkins, Rich. Hicks, John Wakes, Tho. Stepto, John Paine, John Porter, Rob. Harris, Wm. Allen, receive# weekly Bread of Bostock's Gift.

That Rob. Bransjloxoer, Fran, and Wm. Clerke, John Price, live in Alms Houses.

That Lionel Stokes, Geo. Winchurch, John Comb, receive Money or Bread weekly.

The same Witnesses said, That Hump. Greenway, Thomas Bunce, Jeremy Paine, John , Tho. Fair-

bread, William Balt, Rich. Corderoy, Rich. Fletcher, Rich Dorr, Rich. Williams, Ralph Snow, Tho. Pratt, John Fmmore, Edw. Topp, Rich. John Rawlins,

were no Housekeepers.

That Peter Stevens, Rob. Haines, Wm. Jones, Tho. Bowne, Tho. King, John Justice, John Hawes,

Prior, John Sheppard, Rich. Mayott, Tho. Wilkins, w ere Servants, Lodgers, and no Housekeepers.

That Tho.Hartwell, Fra.Clerke, Wm.Clerke, Rob.Loder, Jos. Goodman, John Wicklow, are Foreigners, and no' Inhabitants in Abington: And that Harris polled twice.

That Wm. Martyn, Fra. Gyles, John Hawkins, Tho. Euston, Jos. Smith, Wm. Trulocke, John Wilkins, Jam. Hows, Rich. Hobbs, Wm. Clerke, Anth. Wilkins, Tho. Blissett, Rich. Tomlins, Wm. Alden, Mich. Hackworth, Rob. Whitman, James Pen, Rich. White, . Rich. Cole, Hum. Wise, Rich. Maunder, Ant. Claxton, Edw. berry, John Hobbs, John Harris, live in Parts of Houses: But about Seven of them pay Scotland Lot.

For the Petitioner the Counsel insisted, That they would justify several of the Votes objected to by the Sitting Member; and also take off several Votes which had been given by the Sitting Member: And they called Mich. Rawlins, John Paine, Tho.

Sellzooood, Jam. Corderoy: Who said, they could not find upon the Bread Book Edward Gibbs, Rob. Bransjlower John Porter, Geo. Winchurch.

As to those that live with Parents, they said, That Hump. Greenway lives in the same House with his Father: But his Father said, His Son kept House.

That Mich.Greenway, Tho. Bunce, Jerem. Paine, Rich.

Paine, Wm. Batt, John Fmmore, Edw. Topp, lived with their Parents: But, as they believed, kept their Parents; or had Shops.

That Rich. Catchside and John Rawlins were Housekeepers.

As to the Head of Servants and Lodgers, That Tho. Brmcnc, Tho. King, Wm. Brooke, Hen. Prior, and John Sheppard, were Housekeepers.

As to the Head of Foreigners, made no material Objections; only said that Loder had lived in the Town several Years.

As to the Head of Inmates, that Wm. Martyn lives in his own House."

Fran. Gyles, John Hawkins, Tho. Euson, Wm. Trulock, John Wilkins, Jam. Hozces, Rich. Hobbs, Wm. Aldwyn, Nich. Hackworth, Rob. Whitman, James Pen, Hum. Wise, Edw. Treberry, John Hobbs, junior, were Housekeepers, or paid Scotland Lot for their respective Divisions of Houses.

The Counsel for the Petitioners then proceeded to make their Exceptions to several Votes for the Sitting Member.

And the same Witnesses testified, That Marke Hawkins, Wm. Hutt, Rich. Humphreys, Jos. Waite, A bra. Pye, Edm. Dickenson, Tohn Telsdale, Jos. Wright, John Reig-nolds, Job Garbrand, Hum. Duffeild, Peter Cox, Edm. Medlicot, Rich. Clerke, were either Servants or Lodgers.

As to Persons that received Relief, That Robert Evans, Robert Reeves, Wm. Wilkins, Isaac Fletcher, Samuel Durham, Anth. Arden, Tho. Warren, Wm. Winterbourne, John Woodward, Tho. Harris, received weekly Relief.

That Wm. Harbord, Ant. Gadbury, John Bury, John Elam, Rob. Franckland, Simon Harden, Tho. Mallard, John Chapman, Amb.Mosse, John Wibley, Fra. Williams,

had been relieved by Money given at the Sacrament, which was administered Monthly.

That Rob. Harding, Rob. Styles, Toby Green, Tho. Howard, Wm. Hillyard, Wm. Harper, had received One or Two Quarters Relief from the Hospital.

That Alex. Home, Tho. Paly, Rob. Walker, John Wells, Richard Painter, Rich.Day, IVm. Wirmey, Rob. Thatcher,

had

I W. M. 8 janu337

had been relieved by yearly Gift; but it did not appear to be constant.

As to Inmates, That Tho. HJohn Round, Rich. Burchell, Rob. Styles, John Ni Tho. Warren, are in-

mates: And that about Sixteen others lived in Parts of Houses; but kept a distinct Table.

These Exceptions being taken by the Petitioner;

The Sitting Member was admitted to reply: And his Counsel insisted, That they would justify most of the Votes excepted to.

And called Witnesses: Who said, Rich. Humphreys, Jos. Waite, John Reignolds, Abr. Pye, Rich. were Housekeepers.

That John Woodxcard had received Relief but once from the Churchwardens.

Tomplinstestified, That as to the Persons said to be relieved by the Sacrament Money, he had inquired of them: And they denied, That they or their Wives, had been relieved by the Sacrament Money before the Election.

And particularly John Wibley and Wm. Williams, being entered in the Book, as receiving Relief by Sacrament Money, were examined: Who said, That neither of them or their Wives, ever received Relief by Sacrament Money: But the Master of the Hospital affirmed the contrary.

Tomkins, Mather, and Styles, further testified, That Tho-Hollouay, John Round, Ri.Burchell, Rob. Styles, John Niccolls, were Housekeepers; and had distinct Families.

They also testified, That about Thirty-eight others, that voted for Sir John Stonehouse, had received occasional Relief.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to Four Resolutions; Which the said Mr. Grey read in his Place; and, afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all those who receive Alms, according to the Act of Parliament, have no Voices in the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough- of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That those Inhabitants who receive any constant Alms, weekly, monthly, quarterly, or yearly, in , have

no Voices in the Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Abington.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John SoUthby, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abington.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir John Stonehouse, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abington.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time; ,

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That all those who receive Alms, according to the Act of Parliament, have no Voices in the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Abington.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out the Words " Quarterly or Yearly:"

And the Question being put, That the same be left out accordingly;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } »«.

Tellers for the Noes, {|| It} *36-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, That those Inhabitants who receive any constant Alms, weekly, monthly, quarterly, or yearly, in Abington, have no Voices in the M Vol. X.

Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Abington;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the said Resolve, That John Southby, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abington;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, (c- r John Doyley\ g ’ [Sir Fran. Russell,

Tellers for the Noes (Sir John Guise, \

tellers for the INoes, \Mr. Palmes, J 7-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read a Second

time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir John Stonehouse, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Bo-' rough of Abington;

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Abington.

A Bill for an additional Tax of Twelve Pence in the Supply Bill; Pound for One Year, was read the First time. Land Tax.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privi- Hastin»* leges and Elections, touching the Election of Burgesses Election, to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hastings, be made on Saturday Morning next*

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Constables of the Borough Stockbridg* of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton; thereby Election, setting forth, That Wm. Stroud, Esquire, having heretofore, and now, stood for Burgess for that Borough, did employ divers Persons to threaten some Men, that unless they would give their Votes for him,'it would cost them Two hundred Pounds, or undo them; and that he would indict others in the Crown Office for Crimes past, for which they have already suffered the Censure of this honourable House; and particularly the Bailiff, the Day before this last Election (though for doing nothing but his Duty,) telling him, That he and others must all to London again.: And forasmuch as such Threats do tend to induce Persons to vote contrary to their Inclinations, and that it will be to the Undoing of such as shall be again sent up for to London, and praying, That before any Petition be received against the Petitioners from Mr. Strcrwd, or that they be put to any Charge touching the same, that Mr.

Stroude may be obliged, if he fails in the Allegations he makes, and the Townsmen prove themselves innocent of what they shall be accused of) may pay all such Charges, as they, by his Means shall be put to; and that he may be obliged to use no such Threats or Menaces for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition be rejected.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit Committees, this Afternoon.

A Petition of divers Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Stockbridge Borough of Stockbridge in the County of Southampton was Election, read; thereby setting forth, That the said Town is a Borough by Prescription; and that, upon their Petition against Mr. Montagues Return, and the Irregularities committed there at the said Election, was, by the House, declared void, and Mr. Montague to be uncapable to stand as a Member: Upon which. Twenty-eighth December last was the Day appointed for the Election of another Member in his stead; when Wm. Strcrwd, Esquire, was duly chosen by the Majority of the legal Electors: But, notwithstanding, Thomas Neale, Esquire, by indirect Practices

with

Ji8 8° — 9® — i o'

with one Hall and Gatehouse, have prevailed apon Rich. Hewes, the Bailiff, to make an undue Return of the said Mr. Neale, (though not legally chosen), to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and to have Relief therein.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Cane Chairs, Ordered, That Mr. Phil. Foley, Mr. Butter, Mr. Harley, &c* Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Harvy, Mr. Pitts, Mr.

Bull, Mi*. Hunt, Mr. Bro be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing the making of Cane Chairs, Couches, and Squabs, is referred.

East India Ordered, That Mr. Freke, Mr. Buckland, Sir Chris. Company. Musgrave, Mf. Fo.v, Mr. Buckly, be added to the Committee touching the East India Company’s Affairs.

Jovis, 9° l8 Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

Edon’s TV/TR. Christy reports from the Committee to whom

Estate. XVI. the Bill to enable Thomas Edon, Esquire, to sell Lands to pay Debts, and make Provision for his Wife, in lieu of her Jointure, was referred, That they had agreed upon some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read once throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

I.eave of Ordered, That Sir Trevor Williams have Leave to go

Absence. into the Country for a M,onth, his Son being very ill.

A dnage A Bill to take away the Duty of Aulnage, and lay a

Duty* Charge, in lieu thereof, upon Cloths at the Custom house, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Militia. A Bill to settle the Militia of this Kingdom, was read

the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Monday Morning next

A Member The House being acquainted, that Mr. at-

according to their Order of Tuesday last;

committed. He was called in, and came up to the Table: And Mr.

Speaker, by the Direction of the House, acquainted him to this Effect, viz. That the House had taken Notice of his Ipeing absent from their Service a considerable Time; and that now he was come, he was to tender him, and accordingly did tender him, the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy appointed to be taken by the Members of the House, according to an Act of this present Parliament

To which Mr. Cholmly replied, That as to his Absence, both when he was in the Country and since he came to Town, he had been infirm and lame, and had been under the Doctor's Hands, and could not as yet recover himself; And that he had endeavoured to qualify himself to be a. sitting Member of the House, by taking the Oaths, as the House expects; but that he could not as yet do it: And therefore humbly submitted himself to the House; and that he did it not out of any wilful Humour.

Upon which he was commanded to withdraw.

And being withdrawn accordingly;

Resolved, Thai Francis Cholmly, Esquire^ a Member of this House, for his Contempt in refusing to take the Oaths *« , be committed Prisoner to the Tower of London.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody the said Mr. Cholmly, and, convey him to the Tower: And that Mr. Speaker do issue, his W arrant for that Purpose.

1 Januarii» A. i 6&p.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to injoin the Taking Oath of of the Oaths of Allegiance by all Persons above the Age of Allegiance. Sixteen Years; and to require the Justices of the Peace to tender the same; and to commit such Persons to Prison, without Bail or Mainprise, as shall refuse to take the same.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Thomas Littleton, and Mr. Hawles, to prepare and bring in a Bill accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Duke of Sir John Franklin; Norfolk's

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, *?.

An Act to discharge the Duke of N and the Trus-.

tees of Henry late Duke of Norjolke, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money to the Lady Teresa Russell, Wife of Bartholomew Russell, Esquire: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for an Additional Tax of Twelve-pence in the Supply Bill; Pound for One Year, was read the Second time. I-an<l Tax.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Reversing whom the Bill for annulling the Attainder of Sir Arm- Armstrong’s

strong was referred, be made upon Monday Morning next. Atuinder*

Resolved, That the House do, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of Orphans, the whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the County Westminster, of Surrey be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill &c. Courts of for ereetingCourts of Conscience in the Borough of Conscience.

warke, City of Westminster, Tower Hamlets, and Out Parishes within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 10° die Januarii; i° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Doctor Gourdon have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Three Weeks. Absence

A Bill to naturalize Solomon Fouler t, and several other Foubert's.&c.

French Protestants; was read the First time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to preserve French Bay Salt, taken as Prise Salt. Prize, from being destroyed, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in Press,

Line #, by leaving out " in Westminster;" and, instead thereof, to insert " Act

Which was, upon the Qustion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for Preservation of French Bay Salt, taken as Prize, from being destroyed.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill to prevent vexatious Suits against such Persons Indemni-as acted in order to the bringing-in of their present Ma- ^*"8 p^on* jesties, or for their Service, was read the Second time. their^l'a-Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Christopher jesties. Musgrave, Sir Wm.Ellis, Sir John Guise, Sir Sir John Bahcks, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Boyle, Sir

15 Mr.

W.& M.

i O6 Jamarii.

lip

Abingdon

Jteuim

amended.

Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Walter Young, Sir Wm.

Gowre, Mr. Buckley, Sir 77ro. Darcy, Sir Fra.

Mr. Natchbold, Lord Ranelagh, Sir John Fagg, Sir Langham, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Grey, Mr. Sir

Jo. Doytey, Mr. Caiman, Mr. Colt, Sir Hen. Goff] Lord Digby, Sir Wm. Honeywood, Sir Wm. Sir Fra.

Drake, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hawles, Mr. Foley, Sir Jo. Moreton, Sir Phil. Skippon, Mr. Arnold, Sir I ho. diston, Colonel Whitley, Sir Jo. Colonel Tip-

pin, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr.

Sir John Cotton, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Peter Rich, Mr. Papillion:And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed, that the Clerk of the Crown attended to amend the Return for the Borough of Abingdon in the Co.uuty of Berks

lie was called in; and amended the same accordingly, by striking out the Name of Esquire; and in-

serting the Name of Sir John Storehouse, Baronet.

And then withdrew.

Tellprq for thp Nnes J^r; letters for the Noes,|Sir Ro

dared, Adjudged, and Enacted to be, for the Space of Seven Years, uncapable and disabled, to all Intents and Purposes, to bear or execute any Office, Employment, or Place of Trust, as a Member of such respective Body Corporate, or in or for such respective City, Town, Borough, or Cinque Port, whereof or wherein he was a Member, at or before the Time of the making 3uch Sup-render, or* Instrument purporting such Surrender, or the suing out or prosecuting such Facias, or Instrument in the Nature of a Quo Warranto-, any thing in this Act contained, or any other Law', Statute, or any Ordinance, Charter, Custom, or Thing to the contrary in any-wise notwithstanding."

Thereupon arose a long Debate, both as to the Matter of the Clause, and the Form in leaving out a whole Clause in a Bill: As to w’hich latter Case Two Precedents were cited in the Journals, and read;

12 May 1607, upon the Cloathing Bill. l8 May 1607, upon the Watermens Bill.

And a Motion being made;

And the Question being put, That Candles be brought

in;

Restoring An ingrossed Bill for restoring of Corporations, was Corporations, read the Third time.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered to be added, as a Rider, to the Bill, That no Alderman or Common Council Man, w ho, after the last Day of MTerm 1683, did join in any such Surrender, as in the said Bill is set forth, to which the greatest Number of the Members of such respective Corporation did agree, shall be liable to the said Disability: And that no Instrument or Inrolment of such Surrrender shall be allowed for Evidence to prove the Agreement thereto.

And the Question being put, That the said Proviso, be read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for die Yeas: } > 7+

TeUers for foe Noes:

So it passed in the Negative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, Press 8, Line 15, after " who," to insert these Words, " before the End of Michaelmas Term 1683, or afterwards, without the Consent of the major Number of the Common Council Men of the respective Corporations previously declared

And the Question being put, That the said Amendment be made;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Talleee . I fSlt HcU. GOOdTlCk,

Tellers for the 1 eas,- Fm RmU

/Sir Tho. B

s,\Mr.

} 1.8 }17

Tellers for the Noes,lMr £//a?e//>

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And upon the Debate, a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be re-committed upon the said Clause;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Ye,s,{|!'lapRMgk, }

Tellers for the Noes, )

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the said Clause, Line 13, 14, to leave out " Alderman, Steward, Sheriff, Common Council Man, Magistrate, or other Officer:"

And the Question being put, That the said Amendment be made;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the

’ [Sir Hen. Ashurst, Tel, ers for, heNoes.{^«

l60.

188.

That the said Clause

191.

VWU'/, J J

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, That a Clause in the Bill, beginning Press 8, Line 3, to the End of that Press, may be left out of the Bill: Which Clause is as follows;

" And whereas it is necessary, for the sake of publick Justice, and securing the Government for the future, That such open Attempts upon the Constitution, and so notorious Violations of Oaths and Trusts, Should not go wholly unpunished, lest hereafter ill Men might be encouraged to the like Guilt, in hopes to come off with Impunity, though they Should fail, with Success: Be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That every Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, Steward, Sheriff, Common Council Man, Town Clerk, Magistrate or Officer, who did take upon him to consent to, or join in any such Surrender or Instrument, purporting such Surrender as aforesaid; or did solicit, procure, prosecute, or did pay or contribute to the Charge of prosecuting any Scire Facias, Quo Warranto, or Information in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, by this Act declared void, shall be, and i3 hereby De-Vo u X.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, do stand Part of the Bill j

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, That the next Clause and Proviso, beginning Press ult. Line 1, to the End of the Bill, may be also left out of the Bill; which is as followeth.;

" And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person hereby enacted and declared to be incapable and disabled to bear or execute anj such Office, Employment, or Place of Trust as aforesaid, shall, at any Time after the Twenty-fifth Day of 1690, take

upon him to bear or execute any such Office, Employment, or Place of Trust, as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Member or Inhabitant of the respective Body Corporate, City, Town, Borough, or Cinque Port, who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, or Plaint, in any of their Majesties Courts of Record at wherein

no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed: And also, upon Verdict found, or Judgment given, by Confession or otherwise, in such Action, against the Defendant, the said Defendant shall be for ever incapable to bear or execute any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever, within the Kingdom of England, and Dominion of Wales. Provided also,

4 O and

330 10° — 11* — i

and be it Enacted, That a former Action depending shall be no Plea for the Defendant in any Action to be brought upon this Statute, if such former Action hath depended by the Space of Three Terms: Nor shall a Nonsuit of the Plaintiff, or a Judgment for the Defendant in any former Action, be a Bar to the Plaintiff, in any Action to be brought upon this Statute."

And the Question being put, That the said Clause do stand Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

And thereupon the 1 wo last Presses of the Bill, which contained the said Clauses and Proviso, were by the Clerk at the Table, by Direction of the House, taken off from the Bill; and Three Lines of the Bill, which was at the upper End of the First of those Presses, - again ingrossed upon another new Press of Parchment; and That new' Press sewed on, at the Table, to the Bill.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, as a Rider, touching the Cinque Ports: But the same was afterwards withdrawn.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be. An Act to restore Corporations to their ancient Rights and Privileges.

Ordered, That the Lord Falkland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

3° Januarii. A. 1689.

to be made to the Bill: Which he rend in his Place; with the Coherence; and then delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.. Committees.

Luna, 13* die Januarii; i° Gulielmi et Mari*.

Prayers.

A BILL for the charging the Manors of Dolby and PriHeaux'* Broughton in Leicestershire, the Estate of the late Claim on Lord Jefferyes, with the Sum of Fourteen thousand Seven j'°rd t

hundred Sixty Pounds, to be paid to 1 ei^es*

Esquire, from whom he had extorted the same, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend the Leave for House of Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Tinea 'llcs Member t<* and Dye. atlcnd Lords

Sabbati, 11* die Januarii; j# Gulielmi et Mari*.

Prayers.

Supply Bill; A N ingrossed Bill for the collecting the Duties upon Duties on /l Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Custom-house, Coffee, &c. wag rea(j tjje q’hjpd time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for the charging the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate: at the Custom-house.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to go into

Absence. the Country, for Three Weeks.

Wortly's Mr. Grey reports from the Committee to whom the

Children’s Bill for settling a Maintenance on the Children of Sidney Maintenance. jyorily alias Montague, Esquire, in case his Wife survive him, was referred, That they had agreed upon some Amendments to be made in the Bill: YVhich he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and then delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once lead throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Bill of Resolved, That the Bill of Indemnity be read the Se-

Indemnity. cond time upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Pains and Resolved, That the Bill for inflicting Pains and Penalties, Penalties. foe reac| the First time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Hastings Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri-Election. vileges and Elections, touching the Case of the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hastings, be made on Friday Morning next.

Supply Bill; Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole

Land Tax. House, upon the Bill for an additional Tax of One Shilling in the Pound lor One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hamden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed upon several Amendments 16

Sir John Guise reports from the Committee to w hom indemnify-the Bill to prevent vexatious Suits against such as had ing persons acted in order to the Bringing in of their present Majesties, j^-"s^res or for their Service, was referred, that they had agreed J upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which

he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and then delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for settling a Maintenance on the WortW’s Children of Sidny IVot'tlcyalias Montague, Esquire, in Children’s

case his Wife survive him, was read the Third time. Maintenance*

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, to prevent the W ife of the said Mr.

Montague from committing Waste upon the said Estate:

Which Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill. ’

Resolved, That the Bill, with the said Clause, do pass:

And that the Title thereof be, An Act for providing Maintenances for the Children of SidneyWaUasMontaguc,

Esquire, during his Wife’s Life, in case she survive him.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Thonuis Edon, Esquire, to F.don s sell Lands to pay Debts, and make Provision for his Wife, Estate, in lieu of Jointure, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title. thereof be, An Act to enable Tho. Edon, Esquire, to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts, and making a Provision for his Wife and Children, in case they shall have any.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill to vest in their present Majesties the Lands Supply Bill; granted by the late King James to certain Feoffees in late Queen Trust for the late Queen Mary, was read the Second time. Mary’s

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. state’

A Bill for Review of the Poll Bill, was read the Second Supply Bill; time. Poll iax-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the said Bill.

Mr.

I W. SfM. 13 — 140 Januariu

Reversing Mr. Christy reports from the Committee, to whom the Attainder"'* for the annulling the Attainder of Sir Tho. Armstrong, was.refessed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made in the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and then delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and afterwards, the First of them a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon: And that it be an Instruction to the Committee, That they do examine, Who were the Prosecutors and Advisers of the Prosecution of the said Sir Thomas Armstrong: And . also, That they make a further Inquiry of what Losses Sir Tho. Armstrong's Family sustained, by reason of his Attainder.

Ordered, That Mr. Grey, Sir IVm. Strickland, Mr.

Bickerslaffe, Sir RmvlandGxcyne, Sir IVm. Forrester, Sir Fra. Drake, Sir Fra.Blake, be added to the said Committee,

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for an additional Tax of Twelve-Laud l'ax. pence in the Pound for one Year, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an additional Aid of Twelve-pence in the Pound for One Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Committees. Resolved, That all Committees be revived.

Mart is, 14* die Januarii;

1° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

/~\RDERED, That the Bill to vest in their present Majesties the Lands granted by the late King James to certain Feoffees, in Trust for the late Queen Mary, be read the Third time on Saturday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for the better securing their Majesties Protestant Subjects in Ireland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for the better Security and Relief of their Majesties Protestant Subjects in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Pilchard A Bill for the regulating the Pilchard Fishing in the

Hshery. Counties of Cornwall and Devon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read, a Second time.

Westminster, A Petition of the Churchwardens, Officers, and others, &c. Courts of Inhabitants of the Parishes within the Liberties of the Conscience. Tower Hamlets, was read; setting forth, That they being

sensible of the Sufferings of many poor Prisoners in Whitechapple, for Debts under Forty Shillings, to the Ituin of them, their Wives and Families, and to the vast Charge of their respective Families in keeping the m; and the Petitioners understanding, that, for the preventing such Inconreniencies for the future, a Bill is prepared for erecting a Court of Conscience within the said Liberty of the Toner Hamlets, for deciding such small Differences; which will tend to the great Advantage of the poorer Sort of People, and Advancement of the common Good; whereby they may have time to pay their Debt:-, and follow their Vocations: And praying such Bill might pass; and that John Topham, Esquire, may be nominated Clerk and Register for the Division of the Tower Hamlets in the Bill mentioned.

Vol. X.

Supply Rill;

late Queen

Mary's

£»t<ite.

Irish

Protestants,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for erecting Courts of Conscience in the Borough of Southwark eCity of I Vest-minster. Tower Hamlets, and Out Parishes within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, is referred.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of South- Westminster, warke was read; setting forth, That a Bill for erecting &c< (-0lir,s of a Court of Conscience for the said Borough, and Parishes Conscience., adjacent, being brought into this House; and the same being twice read, but not yet passed; many poor Inhabitants there, for Want thereof, have been forced to Prison for very small Debts, and put to great Charge by the Attornies and Officers of the Courts, and the Keepers of Prisons there, to the Ruin of themselves and Families, and a great Charge on the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes wherein they lived: And praying this House to take the Premises into their Consideration,

That the said Bill may pass this House; the Want whereof having been so prejudicial to many Thousands of the Inhabitants thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for erecting Courts of Conscience in the Borough of SouthwarCity of Westminster, Tower Hamlets, and Out Parishes within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, is referred.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Out Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, in the County of Middlesex, and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, was read; setting . forth, That they being sensible of the Sufferings of many poor Prisoners in the Marshalsea, and elsewhere, for Debts under Forty Shillings, to the Ruin of their Wives and Families, who consequently come to be kept by their respective Parishes; and being informed a Bill is prepared to be brought into this House for erecting a Court of Conscience in Southwarke, and other Out Parishes, for the remedying such the said mischievous Inconveniences for the future: which will conduce much to the Good and Benefit of the poor Sort of People; whereby Time may be given to pay their Debts, thereby to avoid Imprisonments, that so they may follow their several Vocations:

And praying this House will promote and pass so charitable and good an Act.

But nothing done thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wiggan the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ.

Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wiggan in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Wm. Bancks, Esquire, deceased.

The House being informed, that Captain Avery (who A person to was formerly complained of for divers Abuses in pressing attend. Seamen, and thereupon was sent for to appear before the House) was now come to Town, and ready to appear when the House Should appoint;

Ordered, That Captain Avery do attend the House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. May, a Member of the House, be privilege of at Liberty to wave his Privilege, in a Suit between a Member in

.and Penrose', if he shall think fit so to do. a Suit*

Ordered, That the Bill for settling the Militia of this Militia. Kingdom be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole Supply Bill; House, to proceed on the Bill for Review of the Poll Bill. Po11 tax.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hampden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hampden reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made in the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence: And then delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and afterw ards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

33*

14° — 15’ — 16° Januarii. A. 1689.

Westminster, &c. Courts of Conscience.

London

Orphans.

Committees.

Aulnage

Duty.

University

Charters.

Warnbur-ton’s Petition.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Mompesson and Mr. Hatvles be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for erecting Courts of Conscience in the Borough of Southwarke, City of Westminster, Tower Hamlets, and Out Parishes within

the Weekly Bills of Mortality, is referred.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That the Bill for taking away the Duty of Aulnage, and laying a Duty upon Cloth at the Customhouse, be read a Second time on Tuesday Morning next: And that their Majesties Counsel be then heard touching the Bill; and also the Counsel for the Clothiers and Drapers, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be heal’d at the Bar of the House upon Monday Morning next, touching the Bill for restoring the Charters of the Two Universities.

A Petition of Tho. W aniburton Esquire, was presented

to the House.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mercurii, 15* die Januarii; l° Gulielmi et Mariae.

PRAYERS.

Duke of A N ingrossed Bill, come down from the Lords, inti-h'orfolke’s f\ tuled, An Act to discharge the Duke of LadyRussell. anc* Trustees of Henry late Duke of Norfolkc, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money to the Lady ' beth Teresa Russell, Wife of Bartholomew Russell, Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

Indemnifying An ingrossed Bill to prevent vexatious Suits against Persons act- such as had acted in order to the Bringing in of their Majestks!r present Majesties, or for their Service, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, Press , Line # , by inserting " general IssueTo which the House, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed: And the Bill w?as amended at the Table accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir John Guise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Privilege of Ordered, That Sir Thomas Barnadiston have Leave to a Member in wave his Privilege, in a Cause in Chancery, between him aSult- and Mr. Tho. Bull.

Pritchard’s A Bill to enable Pritchard, Esquire, to settle a Join-Joiuture. (,ure Upon jdg Second Wife, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Privilege- -counterfeiting Protection.

The House being informed, that one Captain Taylor and Mr. Gibson had counterfeited a Protection, under the Hand and Seal of Thomas Coningsby, Esquire, a Member of the House; in Breach of the Privileges of the House;

Ordered, That the said Captain Taylor and Gibson be forthwith sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Under Sheriff of Middlesex and Secondaries of the Compters of the City of London, do, upon Saturday Morning next, attend this House with . an Account of what Protections are entered in their ^respective Offices.

London Then the House resolved into a Committee of the

Orphans whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debt due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred: And moved from the Committee, That they may have Leave to proceed further upon the Consideration thereof on Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in Consideration of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

A Bill for inflicting Pains and Penalties upon such as Pain< and shall be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity, was read Penalues. the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir John Key, and Mr. WY.rtley*

tague, have Leave to attend the House of Lords, as Wit- Children’* nesses, upon the - Bill for settling a Maintenance on the M‘iiutenance. Children of Sidney Worthy, alias Montague, Esquire, in case his Wife survive him.

A Petition of Sir Edwin Sad/eir, Baronet, and Dame Sadteir*. Mary his Wife, and the Lady Elizabeth Widow, Estate,

and Mother of the said Sir Edzcin, was read; setting forth, That Sir Edzcin, by and with his Mother, having contracted several Debts to Two thousand Pounds Value, and having but a small personal Estate, and the real Estate being settled on the Petitioners for Life only, tho Remainder to Sir Edzcin and his Lady’s Issue (if any), they cannot raise Money thereout to pay the same, without an Act of Parliament: And for that the Petitioners have no Issue (though married Three Years); and, if the Debts be not paid, will be prejudiced both in their Persons and Estates; and praying, That they may have Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Sale of Lands of about One hundred Pounds per Annum, for the Satisfaction of their said Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to sell certain Lands, for Payment of their Debts, accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Williams, and Sir William Leave P.r Whitlock, have Leave to attend the House of Lords, as Wembe,s Counsel, in a Cause between Preston, and Jervois. atten" Lord*.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Trevor, Sir War Matrwaring, Sir Scr. How, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Tho. Expence*.

Darcy, Mr. Christy, Mr. Harly, be added to the Committee appointed to examine into the last Year's Expences of the Army and Navy: And that the said Committee do dispatch their Report with all convenient Speed.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 16* die Januarii;

1* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

O IR Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee to Batson’s O whom the Bill for enabling WBatson, Esquire, to Kstuw. sell Lands in the County of Oxon, and to settle an Estate in the County of Suffolke, to the same Uses, was referred,

That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence: And then delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill

Bankrupts.

Le Grand's, &c. Nat.

Supply Bill; Poll Tax.

Paper Manufacture*

Victualling the Navy.

Dill of Indemnity.

Supply Bill; Duty on Coffee, &c.

"Wordy's

Children’s

Maintenance

i W. & M. 16° — ij° yamarii. 333

A Bill touching Composition with Bankrupts, was read

the Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Cutler, Mr . PMr. Christy, Sir

Jo. Bancks, Mr. Smith, Major Manly, Colonel Howard,

Sir Wm. Pinscnt, Lord Falkland, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Mat.

Andrewes, Mr. Pitts, Sir John Doyly, Mr. Cooke, Sir Cope, Sir Tho. Darcye, Mr. Thomson, Lord Fitzharding,

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Etterick, Sir Phil.Sk Mr. Bayle, Mr. Fuller, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Holt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Hart, Sir Peter Rich, Sir Pat. Ward, Sir Cha.Raleigh, Mr. Carter, and all the Members

that serve for the City of London-, and all that are of the Long Robe; and all that are Merchants: And they are to meet tins Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Hen. Goodrich reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for naturalizing David Le Grand and others, was referred, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made in the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for Review of the Poll Bill, was read , the Third time.

An Amendment wras proposed to be made in the Bill, in Press 2, Line 24, after " been," to insert " by the said former Act."

Which was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended at the Table, accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for Review' of the late Poll granted to their Majesties: and for an additional Poll towards the Reducing of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of White-paper-makers was read; setting forth, That they, by virtue of their Charter for the sole Making of White Writing and Printing Paper, have been at great Expences in erecting divers Mills; and have fully brought the said Manufacture to Perfection, notwithstanding the great Opposition they have met with from the French King: And, for that the Petitioners are desirous to establish the same throughout this Kingdom, which cannot be effected without an Act of Parliament; and praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for the better Encouragement and Establishing the said Manufacture in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Mr. Greenvillacquaints the House, That he had re-

ceived an Account from the Mayor of Plymouth (according to an Order of the House) of the Condition of the Provisions and Victuals of their Majesties Ships there: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill of general Pardon and Indemnity, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and Sir Adam Ottley;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Collecting of the Duty upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Custom-house:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling a Maintenance on the Children of Sidney Wortly, alias Montague, Esquire, in case his Wife survive him:

Vol. X.

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for an addi- Supply Bii.; tional Aid of Twelve-pence in the Pound, for One Year: Land Tax. Without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, Royal Assent Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod. to Bill*.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker and the House went to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had attended his Majesty: And that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to Three Bills; viz.

The Bill for collecting the Duty upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, at the Custom-House.

The Bill for settling a Maintenance on the Children of Sidney Wortly, alias Montague, Esq; in case his Wife survive him: And also to the Bill for an additional Aid of Twelve-pence in the Pound, for One Year.

J *56.

} >93-

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Bill of That the House do presently resolve into a Committee of Indemnity* the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill of general'

Pardon and Indemnity;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{Hr‘ Biclerst

’(Mr. Ft trick,

Tellers for the Nocs,^irr H.f7 "*"'*

’ [Mr. Onslow.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill for inflicting Pains and Penalties upon such as shall be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity, be read a Second Time presently.

The Bill w?as read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill of general Pardon and Indemnity; and also upon the Bill for inflicting Pains and Penalties upon such as shall be excepted thereout.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to make One Bill of those Two.

Resolved, That the House do presently adjourn.

Veneris, 17* die Januarii; i° Gulielmi et Maria;.

Prayers.

ABIL L to enable Sir Edzoin Sadlier to sell certain Sadlier's Lands for Payment of Debts contracted by him Estate, and his Mother.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Peter Rich do attend in his Place Sir Thoma* upon Monday Morning next (touching the Complaint Pilkington’s made against him upon the Petition of Sir Thomas Pilking- Complaint. ton, now Lord Mayor of London, and several others, that were fined upon Pretence of a Riot at the Election of Sheriffs for the said City, in the Year 1684), after the Hearing at the Bar between the City of Oxford and the University, upon the Bill for Confirmation of the Charters of the Two Universities.

An ingrossed Bill come down from the Lords, inti- DukeofNor-tuled, An Act to discharge the Duke of Norfolke, and folke’s Pay-the Trustees of Henry late Duke of Noifolke, upon Pay- Russell ment of certain Sums of Money to the Lady Eliz. Teresa Russel, Wife of Bartholomew Russell, Esquire, was read the Second time.

4 P Resolved,

;'i

'I

b'

Syon srvonu

privilege — counterfeit", ing Protection.

Hastings tier t ion.

3 34 170 Januarii. ~ A. 1689.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Blow-field, 'i\r1Vm. Honyrvood, Sir Fra. Gnibon, Mr. , Sir

Jos.Tredenham, Sir Phil. Skippon, Mr Mr

Mr. England, Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gemham, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir Rob. D Colonel Howard, Sir Tho.Bemadistm, Mr. Bumrard, Sir Ala jor

Vincent, Mr. Pierpoint, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Jo. More-ton, Mr. Harvard, Sir Rob. Napper, Lord Mr. Rcynetl, Colonel Birch, Sir Langham, Air.

Knyvett, Sir Rob. Dashnood, Sir Gilbert Clerke, and all the Alembers that serve for the Counties of and

Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Alexander Syon, Clerk, took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy at the Table, in order to his Naturalization.

The Serjeant at Arms acquaints the House, That he load Captain Tayler and Air. Gibson in his Custody at the Door, who were ordered to be taken into Custody for counterfeiting a Protection in the Name of Air. a Alember of the House.

Whereupon they w ere called in to the Bar; and examined touching the same: And Captain Tayler confessing, That he had delivered such Protection to one; and nothing more appearing against Air. Gibson, than that he told Poyts, That he believed, that Captain Tayler could procure him a Protection, if he desired it;

Ordered, That Air. Gibson be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That Tayler, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege in counterfeiting a Protection, be comqiitted Prisoner to the Gatehouse of Westminster.

Resolved, That the House do immediately proceed to receive the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Port of Hastings.

Air. Grey reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom was referred the Alatter touching the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hastings, the state of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing; and delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed);

Upon the Petition of Peter Gott, Esquire, against the Return of Colonel Beaumont, Baron for the Port of Hastings.

That, for the Petitioner, the Counsel insisted, That there had not been due N otice given of the Time of the Election; and that Violence had been offered to several Voters for the Petitioner; by which many Persons that would have voted for the Petitioner were hindered from voting:

And further, That Colonel Beaumont being returned, they submitted it to the Judgment of the Committee, whether he, being Governor of Dover Castle, could be returned for the Port of Hastings.

Upon the Poll,

" { } Voices.

It appeared, That, by Order of the Alayor, on Thursday Morning, Eight o’Clock, the Officer was to give Notice of the Election to be at Nine next Alorning.

That, for the Petitioner, the Counsel called Marke Sargent: W ho testified, That at Elections they used to give Three or Four Days Notice: And he was Twenty or Thirty Miles off at the Time of this Election; and so had no Notice till the Election, was over: But if there had been Two or Three Days Notice, he believed he Should have been there; and would have voted for Air. Gott.

William Jenner said, He was threatened to be killed if he did not vote for Colonel Beaumont: And the Church Door was shut, and he hindered from getting in, though he came with a full Design to vote for Air. Gott.

Thomas Lovell acknowledged, when he was Mayor, They gave Notice of an Election the Day following the Notice; but said, The Rabble told him, as he was going into Church, That, if he voted for Mr. Gott, they would kill

him as he came out: And was afraid, if the Poll had gone of Air. Gott's Side, there would have been Alurder done.

Thomas Carswell said, He was threatened, as he walked by the Church; and one laid Hands upon him; and one MarkeBftyly, and another, assaulted one that was for Air. Gott; and had ill W ords given him when he got in the Church.

Rich. Carswell said, That Wm. Jenner being at the

Church Door, and the said Carswell about to let him in, John Stevens, threatened to kill him, if he let the said Jenner in; and called him one of s Rogues: And that, upon his saying he had voted for Air. Gott, one knocked him twice upon the Breast.

Edward Bates said, He saw Richard Carswell struck; and heard one Sargent threatened by Stevens, if he did not vote for Colonel Beaumont, they would cut his Nets.

James Bosam said, He came to vote for Air. but did not; there was such a Tumult in the' Church that lie could not hear himself called.

Tho. Garr said, Marke Low told him, He had Five Shillings to vote for the Governor.

1licit.Sargent voted for the Governor; but said, It was because he was threatened, if he did not, to have his Nets pulled in Pieces: But went to the Church with Air. Gott, and then designed to vote for him: That, after the Election, the Alayor and Jurats sent him Ten Shillings; and ordered him, he Should tell nobody.

For the Sitting Alember, the Counsel insisted, That there was due Notice given of the Election: And, if any Disturbance was given at the Election, it was by the Rabble, without the Privity of the Sitting Alember: And called James Marsh, Serjeant at Arms at Dover Castle:

Who said, He was sent to Hastings to give them Notice, That the Governor of Dover Castle w as coming to settle the Militia; and to go to the Election: And that he came to Hastings on Tuesday before the Election, and gave the Mayor Notice of it: And told Air. Lovell to that Effect.

John Hide, Alayor, acknowledged Marsh had acquainted him as Marsh declared; and that he called Air. Lovell on one Side, and desired him to write to Air. Newington, to acquaint Air. Gott with it; and said, The constant Notice had been at Twenty-four Hours.

That Air. Gott was in Town on Thursday Night, before Colonel Beaumont came: That no Freemen were kept out, that he knows of; but gave Order to them that stood at the Door, that none but Freemen Should come in: And that, if there was any Disturbance, it was not near the Poll.

Said, ’Tis a Custom of the Port, That if any Alan lives out of the Town a Year and a Day, and does not pay Scotland Lot, he has no Vote: And that Air. Dyne, who voted for Air. Gott (though he be Recorder), never lived in the Town; and had no Right to vote.

Turner, Rich. Thresher, Peter Fyatt, Nat. Hartshorn, testified Bosam did vote for Colonel Beaumont.

And Turner said, The Election was with the greatest Quiet that could be by such a N umber of People: And that Colonel Beaumont sent him several Days before to publish his Intention of standing Candidate upon the said Election.

Richard Thresher said, He gave Notice to the Freemen the Day before the Election; and ’tis customary so to do: And all the Freemen of the Town (butone who was Bedrid) was present at this Election: And that, after the Governor was elected, he left Ten Pounds to be given to poor Seamen.

That Thomas Carlton junior voted for Colonel Beaumont, and lives with his Father.

Lovell said, lie heard Carlton confess he had been a Year and a Quarter out of Tow n, being an Exciseman.

Peter Fyat said, Mr. Gott bowed; and gave Joy to Colonel Beaumont of his Election: and that Air. Gott never desired to be returned.

Hartshorne said, the Election was very fair; and they did not proceed upon the Poll, till the Rabble was qualified.

And

i W. Of M. 17° — 18° Jdnuarii. 335

And that . ., upon the whole Matter, came to a Resolution: Which Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Beaumont, Esquire, is duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hastings.

The said Resolve being read a Second time;

a ’

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Beaumont, Esquire, is duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hastings

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f^{r' barter, I152.

’ [Mr. 6 J

Tellers for the Noes,{^jK

’[Mr. Campion,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

148.

E (ion’s Estate.

Earl of

Kudnor’s

Jointure*

Militia*

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Adam Ottley;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Mr. Edon to sell certain Lands for Payment of his Debts, and making a Provision for his Wife, and for his Children, in case he shall have any, without any Amendments.

Also the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Bodvile, Earl of Radnor, to make a Jointure, and to raise a Sum of Money out of divers Lands and Tenements in the County of To

which they desire the Concuirence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for settling the Militia of this Kingdom, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House do, upon This-day-seven-night, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the said Bill.

Sabbati, 18" die;

1° Gulielmi ct Maria).

PltAYEK s.

JTEJVIS Jourdian, Paul Doxsainct, Solomon Eync, Peter Drclineourt, Clerk, John Pander,

Guiguier, Simon Duport, Nidi. Tourton, Mich, de Caux, John Lambret, Rob. de Cordell Denys, Peter

Davall, David Pringell, Peter Abraham

Cossart, Peter Foucoinner, Seignurell, Peter Ber-

nard, John Boussac, John James Fazas, Hillary John Moguier, Jos. Ducasse, Isaac Daniel Hayes,

Daniel Aubert, Peter Peter Daniel Pillart, Daniel Bernard, Abraham Rob.

My re, Paul Labesse, Fra. Daniel Tor in, Nidi.

Oursell, Daniel Perdrian, Jos. John

Simon Le Blaine, Isaac John James David,

Simon Noguier, Peter Albert, Peter Boycoule, Mary Gossclin, took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, at the Table, in order to their Naturalization.

Duke of Ordered, That Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir

hajm’siistate. William Langham, be added to the Committee to whom

the Bill for the better enabling the Trustees of the late Duke of Bucks to sell Lands, to pay his Debts, is referred.

Earl of

Kadnor's

Jointure*

An ingrossed Bill, come down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Bodvile, Earl of Radnor, to make a Jointure to his Wife, and to raise a Sum of Money out of divers Lands and Tenements in the County of Cornwall, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Westminster Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Paving, &c. cleansing and paving the Streets in the City and Liberty Vol. X.

of Westminster, and Borough of Soand in the Out Parishes in the County of Middlesex, comprised in the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for reforming Annoyances and Disorders in the Streets; and for regulating the Ilaymurkets in the Parishes of Martin in the Fields and Whitechapple.

Ordered, That the Hearing of Counsel, touching the Aulnage Bill relating to the Aulnage, be adjourned from Tuesday Duty, next to Wednesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill to vest in their present Majesties the Supply Bill; Lands and Estate belonging to the late Queen Mary, or late Queen to any Persons in Trust for her, was read the Third time. £s^e8

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, for a general Saving of the Rights of all other Persons, besides the late Queen and her Trustees; and was twice read, and amended at the Table; and then read a Third time; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And another ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill to confirm certain Contracts made in June 1 (>88-, between the said Trustees, and several

Tenants of the Manor of Dauntsey in the County of Wilts; and w as twice read; and amended at the Table; and then read a Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That out of the Arrears of Rents, due for the said Lands before the Eleventh of December 1688, the Sum of Five thousand One hundred Pounds Should be applied to the Payment of the Debts due by the late Queen to several Tradesmen; and was upon the Question put thereupon, twice read, and amended at the Table; and then read a Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill: Line *

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, for saving the Right of John Danvers, Esquire, to the Manors of Dauntsey and Southdotes in the County of Wilts; and was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to vest in their present Majesties the Lands and Estate belonging to the late Queen Mary, or to any other Person in Trust for her.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Comptroller acquaints the House, that his Ma- Answer to jesty had been attended with the Address of this House, Address, for appointing another Sheriff for the County of For he, in the room of Sir Jonathan Jennings: And that his Majesty had been graciously pleased to appoint Sir Christopher Wamsfordto be Sheriff of the said County for this present Year.

A Petition of Robert Swaine was read; setting forth, Swaine’s That, having discovered divers Practices against the Go- Complaint, vernment, acquainted Owen Wynn, Esquire, with the same: Who slighting it, the Petitioner, with others, endeavoured to make it known: And a Committee of this House was appointed to examine them: For w’hich the said Wynn arrested the Petitioner in an Action of Two hundred Pounds; to which the Petitioner gave Bail ‘, but was last Night committed to Newg by Justice James, by the Instigation of Mr. Wynn: And praying he may be released out of Prison, to produce his Witnesses against Monday, as the Committee did determine it.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition of Copell, and others, was referred, do sit this Afternoon:

And that they do examine the Matter of this last Petition; and report the same to the House: And that the Keeper of the Prison of Newgate do attend the said Committee with the Mittimus, by which the said Sxcayne was committed to

.The

3 $6 t8" — ao" Januarii. . 1689.

Members The House being informed, that the Under Sheriff Protections. Qf Middlesex, and Secondaries of the Compters of London, attended at the Door, with an Account of the Protections entered in their respective Offices, according to the Order of the House;

They were called in; and delivered in their several Lists; which were read: And it thereby appearing, That a Protection was entered for one Samuell Parker, under the Name of Thomas Wharton, Esquire;

And Mr. Wharton being present in the House, and declaring, That he knew not any such Person, nor had ever granted any such Protection;

It was Ordered, That the said Samuell Parker be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer his Contempt in counterfeiting a Protection from the Honourable Thomas Wharton, Esquire, a Member of this House.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Thursday Morning next, take into further Consideration the Matter of Granting of Protections.

London

Orphans.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Luna, 20° Januarii;

l* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

Leave of RDERED, That Sir Wm. Stevens have Leave to

Absence. \J gQ tQ the jsje of W for a Month.

Leave for Members to attend Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend the House of Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Roll and Gore.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy have Leave to attend the Lords in that Cause also.

Coke’s And ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate' to enable the Trustees of Coke, deceased, to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, and providing a Portion for his Daughter, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Surgeons to Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to

pnmim<;tpr 7 o o

Medicines, enable the Surgeons to administer inward Medicines to wounded Persons.

Bateson’s An ingrossed Bill to enable William Bateson, Esquire,

Iistate’ to sell Lands in the County of Oxon, and to purchase and settle other Lands in the County of Suffolk to the . same Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act to enable Bateson, Esquire, to sell Lands in the County of Oxon, and to purchase and settle other Lands in the County of Suffolke, to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Littleton do cany the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Lewknor’s Wife’s illegitimate Children.

Duke of Nor-folke's Payment to Lady Uussell.

A Petition of John Lewknor, Esquire, That Jane his Wife, for her adulterous Violation of her Marriage Vow, and other debauched Practices, to the Dishonour of her Family, hath been by the Ecclesiastical Court divorced from him: And that in regard, in such her debauched Living, she may have Children, which will inherit his Estate, and thereby bring Desolation to his Family, and praying, That he may have Leave to bring in a Bill to prevent so great a Mischief to him and his Family.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to illegitimate any Children the Wife of the said John Lewknor hath had, or shall have, during her Elopement from him.

Sir Jos. Tredenham reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An 15

Act to discharge the Duke of Norfollce, and the Trustees of Henry late Duke of Norfolke, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money to the Lady Elizabeth Teresa Russell, the Wife of Bartholomew Russell, Esquire, was referred, That they had agreed upon an Amendment to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and then delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth;

Press 3, Line ult. leave out " Gentlemanand, instead thereof, insert " Esquire,"

Then the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered \That Sir Jos. Tredenham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto, with the said Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable John Wolstenholme, Esquire, to sell Lands to pay Debts.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee to whom the Petition of the neighbouring Gentry and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was referred, That they had heard Counsel on both Sides touching the Matter of the Petition; and did not find there was any Cause to bring in a Bill upon the Matter alledged in the said Petition.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges to whom it was referred to examine a Breach of Privilege committed by John Perne against Colonel Birkly, a Member of the House, That they had examined the same accordingly; and had agreed upon a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same wag read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Perne is guilty of a Breach of Privilege of this House, in entering upon the Possession of Colonel Birkley.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That John Perne is guilty of a Breach of Privilege of this House, in entering upon the Possession of Colonel Berkley.

Ordered, That Mr. John Perne be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege by him committed, in entering -upon the Estate of Colonel Berkley, a Member of this House.

The House being informed, that Captain Avery,. according to their Order, attended at the Door;

He was called in to the Bar; and the Report of the Committee, upon the Complaint against him, was read to him: Whereupon he was heard, what he had to say in his own Defence touching the same.

And being withdrawn;

Resolved, That it be referred to the same Committee to whom the Matter was formerly referred, to examine the said Matter more fully; and to report the same to the House: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Greenhill *

A Bill for the enjoining the taking the Oath of Allegiance by all Persons above Sixteen Years of Age, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill for Confirmation of the Charters of the Two Universities, be now read the Second time;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers

Wolsten-

hohne's

Estate.

Birmingham

School.

Privilege.

Complaint against Caps. Avery.

Green hill’s. Petition.

Oath of

Allegiance.

University

Charters,

Irish

Protestants.

Bake of

Norfolke’s Payment to Lady It us sell.

Indemnifying Persons acting for their Majesties*

Clandestine

Marriages.

Leave for Member to attend Lords.

Reverting

Armstrong's

Attainder.

i W. & M.

Tellers for the Yeas, B- }'°9-

Tellers for the Noes, $tFpf££!' }'5>-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir James Astry;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Security and Relief of their Majesties Protestant Subjects of Ireland; without any Amendments.

Also, the-Lords have agreed to the Amendment sent up to the Bill, intituled, An Act to discharge the Duke of Norfolke, and the Trustees of Henry late Duke of

Norfolke, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money to the I.ady Eliz. Teresa Russell, Wife of Bartholomew Russell, Esquire.

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing Vexatious Suits against such as acted in order to the bringing-in their Majesties, or for their Service; with Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, we are commanded of the Lords to mind you of a Bill, some time since sent down, intituled, An Act disabling Minors to marry without the Consent of their Fathers or Guardians, and for preventing all clandestine Marriages for the future.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Williams have Leave to attend the House of Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between the Duke of Southampton and Sir alias Cranmer.

Mr. Christy reports from the Committee to whom the annulling the Attainder of Sir Tho. Armstrong, was committed; and also to whom it was referred to examine, Who were the Prosecutors and Advisers of the Prosecution of him; and to make further Inquiry, What Losses his Family had sustained’by reason of his Attainder; That they had considered of, and examined the Matters to them referred: And that, Information being offered against Sir Robert Sawyer, a Member of the House, as being one of the Prosecutors against Sir Thomas Armstrong', this Committee did not think fit to enter into the Examination of that Matter; but directed, That it be especially reported to the House: And that Sir Thomas Armstrong had an Estate in Ireland of Three hundred Pounds per Annum, which was granted to Sir Edward Scott: And that the Lady Armstrong, and her Daughters, have been ever since kept out of Possession, by reason of the Attainder; the Issues whereof, to this Time, amounts to One thousand Eight hundred Pounds s-That there were in Arrears, at the Attainder, Five hundred Pounds: That Colonel Legg received of the Earl of Anglesey One hundred Seven Pounds

Ten Shillings, being Money due to Sir Tho. Armstrong: That he received of Colonel Talmash One hundred Seven Pounds Ten Shillings; from Sir Gilbert Eighty-

six Pounds; from Mr. Billington Eighty-six Pounds; and Two hundred Pounds owing by Bond, from Owen Mac-arty near Laughlin Bridge in Ireland: And that the Houshold Goods, which were seized, were worth Five hundred Pounds: Which, in the Whole, amounts to Three thousand Three hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds: And that there was a Debt of Four thousand Pounds due to Sir Tho. Armstrong from John late Earl of Kingston in Ireland, upon Bond, taken in the Name of Mr. Chet win, in Trust for Mrs. Catherine Armstrong; which is now desperate. But it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it would have been a good Debt, if it had not been for the Attainder; the same being Money lent by Sir Thomas Armstrong. And that the Committee had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which Mr. Christy read in his Place, with the Coherence; and acquainted the House, That they had left a Blank for any further Persons Names to be inserted therein as Prosecutors, as the House Should determine; and then delivered the said Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table: Vol. X. i

20° — 21° Januarii.

337

Where the same were once read throughout; and several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House;

Until they came to the Blank.

Ordered, That Sir Rich. Hollmcdy, Sir Francis Wit hens, Prosecutor* the Executors of the late Lord Jeff rye, the Executors of vfAramrongi the late Mr. Justice Walcott, Mr. Rich. Graham, and Mr.

Phil. Burton, do attend this House on Saturday Morning next; to answer to such Matters as are charged upon them touching the Proceedings against Sir Thomas Armstrong.

Ordered, That Sir Samuell Astry do, at the same time,

attend the House with the Records of the Proceedings, both upon the Outlawry and the awarding Execution against Sir Tho. Armstrong.

Then Mrs. Mathpics (Sir Tho. Armstrongs Daughter)

lVas called in; and examined, What she knew of the Prosecution against her Father; and, Who were the Prosecutors:

And she naming Sir Robert Sawyer, as one of the Prosecutors; after she had been heard what she had to say;

She withdrew.

And thereupon Sir Robert Sawyer was heard in his Place to what was objected against him.

And then he withdrew.

Whereupon there was a Debate in the House, touching whether his Name Should be put into the Bill as one of the Prosecutors.

Resolved, That Sir Robert Sawyers N ame be put into the Bill, as one of the Prosecutors of Sir Thomas Armstrong.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the House be now' adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, A Member That Sir Robert Sawyer be expelled the House; expelled,

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

fMr. Herbert,

IS’(Mr. Palmes,

TelWs for the No« /Sir Jos‘

J ellers for the iNoes,|Mr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

7»«

Ordered, That the Hearing of Counsel, touching the Aulnaga Bill for taking away the Duty of Aulnage, be adjourned till Thursday Sevennight.

Ordered, That the reading the Bill for Confirmation University of the Charters of the Two Universities, a Second time, Charters, and hearing the Counsel thereupon, be adjourned till Thursday next.

Ordered, That Sir Peter Rich do attend in his Place Sir Thoma* upon Wednesday next; to answer to the Matter of the Pilkington'* Petition of Sir Thomas Pilkington, now Lord Mayor, and Complaint others, which he was ordered to do this Day.

Martis, 21* die Januarii;

1° Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

A BILL to enable Sir Edwin Sadleir to sell Lands, gadleh-'* to pay his and his Mother’s Debts, was read the L*ut«. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Thomson, Mr. Buscazvcn, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Goodrich, Mr. Rebow, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir John Cary,

Mr. Beake, Mr. Manley, Mr. Moor, Sir Moreton, Mr.

Braver, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Baldwyn,

Mr. Niccolls, Mr. Boyle, Mr. White, Mr. Blozifeild, Mr. Parkhurst, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Vincent,

Sir Walter Moyle, Sir Fra. Guibon, Sir Ralph Dutton,

Colonel Birch, Six Walter Young, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard,

Sir Phil. Gell, Sir Tho. Bernadiston, Lord Fairfax, and all that serve for the Counties of Hertford and Essex:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

4 Q An

Coo<?le

Earl of Radnor's Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Le grand’s, &c. Nat.

East India Company.

Lewknnr’s Wife’* ilk> gitimate Children.

Cinque Ports Elections.

Indemnifying Ter sous acting for their Majesties.

Oath of Allegiance.

338 21* — 2a0 J~anuarii. A. 1689.

An ingroesed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Bodvile, Earl of to make a Jointure, and to raise a Sum of Money out of divers Lands and Tenements in the County of was read the

Second time.

Resolved, That the BHl be committed to Mr. Boscawen,

Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Jos. TredenhSir Mat. Andrews,

Sir Walt. Moyle, Sir Hen. N Mr. Braver, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Major Vincent, Lord Fairfax, Sir Tha. f.ittleton, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Baldayn, Lord Rane-lagh, Mr. Rashleigh, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Chivers, Mr.

Foley, Colonel Birch, Mr. Mand all the Members

that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Yorke have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks.

An ingrossed Bill for the naturalizing David Legrand, and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for the naturalizing David Legrand, and others.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. Goodrich do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, touching- the East India Company, be made upon Monday Morning next

Etttoell: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Then the Order of the House was read, for the House to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bills of general Pardon and Indemnity; and for inflicting Pains and Penalties upon such Persons as Should be excepted thereout.

And a Motion was made, and the Question proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do proceed upon the said Bills, by Nominating of particular Persons:

Whereupon the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller for AeNoe,{^.fy"'-

}»73-j ,9°-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the w'hole House, upon the said Bills.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That Mr. Gray do take the Chair of the Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the wdiole House, to proceed upon the said Bills.

A Bill for the Illegitimation of such Child or Children as Jane, the Wife of John Lexeknor, Esquire, hath had,

or shall have, during her Elopement from her Husband, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to declare the Right of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the Cinque Ports, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Then the House took into Consideration the Amendments come down from the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing vexatious Suits against such as acted in order to the bringing-in their Majesties, or for their Service: And the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow;

2 Skin, 1,5 Line, after " whatsoever," add " and Judgments luul thereupon, if any be."

21 Line, alter " discharged," add " and made void."

Ordered, That Sir John Guise do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Bill to injoin the taking the Oath of Allegiance by all Persons above the Age of Sixteen Years, was read the Second time.

Resolved That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, unto Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Moore, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir Alg. May, Major Vincent, Mr. Sackeverell, Sir Rob. Clayton, Sir Hen. Mr. Vincent, Mr.

Hampden, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Mr. Hawley,

Mr. Bull, Sir Rob.Howard, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir

Phil. Gcil, Sir Pat. Ward, Sir John Barker, Sir John Knatchbull, Mr. Boldwyn, Sir Wm. Honeywood, Sir Cha.

H'lndham, Mr. Glemham, Mr. Freke, Sir Wim. Ellis, Sir Wm. Pinsent, Sir Tho. Darcyc, Sir Walter Young, Major

lVUdman, Sir Christ. Mttsgrave, Mr. Christy, Sir Peter Collyton, Mr. Re/tozv, Sir Wm. Sir John

Trecor, Mr. Rurrard, Mr. Parker, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Thomson, Sir Phil. Skippon, Mr. Mr. England,

Mr. Arnold, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Niccolls, Sir Wm.

Sir Ro. Cotton, Colonel Birch, Sir Jo. Moretoh, Sir Yorke, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Finch-, Mr. Stockdale, Mr.

Resolved, That all Committees be adjourned, except the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Bodvile, Earl of Radnor, to make a Jointure, and to raise a Sum of Money out of divers Lands and Tenements in the County of Cornwall, is committed.

Mercurii, 22* die Januarii; i* Gulielmi Marise.

Praters.

SIR Walter Moyle reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Bodvile, Earl of Radnor, to make a Jointure, and to raise a Sum of Money, out of divers Lands and Tenements in the County of Cornwall; was referred; That the Committee did not find any Occasion for any Alteration thereof; and had therefore agreed to the Bill.

Whereupon the Bill was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Moyle do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto, without any Alteration.

A Bill for the encouraging and better establishing the Manufacture of white Paper, was read the First..... Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Yarborough have Leave to gp into the Country for Three Weeks.

A Petition of Wm. Bogill, on Behalf of himself and Partners of the Ship Concord, was read; thereby setting forth, That the said Ship, being loaded at the Mederas with Wines, and other Commodities, and bound for Amsterdam, was, upon Eleventh July 1689, met upon the High Sea by Two French Men of War, wrho seized the Petitioners Ship and Lading; and, before the Vessel was carried away, a Squadron of English Ships appearing, caused the French Ships to leave the Petitioner’s Vessel in the Custody of Two of the Sailors of the Vessel, who sailed her towards the English Ships, removing a Train of Powder to blow her up; That, soon after, Captain Layton,

Communder

Bills of In-demnitj, «Vr.

Committees.

Earl of

Kadnor'e

Jointure.

Paper

Manufacture.

Leave of Absence.

Detention of an uncoo-detnned Prise.

Claim on Hast India Company.

Privilege — counter!*1 iting Protections.

Sir Thomas Pilki niton’s Complaint.

i W. & M. 2°^ — 2 30

Commander of . St. Albans Vessel, meeting the Petitioner's Vessel on the High Sea, and seized the same as Prize; carrying her into Pland plundering her

there to the Amount of Two thousand Six hundred and Five Pounds; with which the Petitioner acquainting the Admiralty Court; where he obtained a Decree for the Restauration of the Ship and Goods: But the Captain refuses to pay any Obedience to the Decree; much to the Damage and Grievance of the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee appointed to examine into the Matter of the Petition of Arthur Bayly, and others, complaining of their Meu being pressed, and taken away by Captains of Ships of War; who have power to receive any Complaints of the like Nature from any other Persons; to examine the Matter complained of in the said Petition; and report the same to the House: And that the Committee be revived; and do meet this Afternoon.

A Petition of Francis Burrell was read; setting forth, That, at his Redemption from Three Years Captivity in Argiers, he was received into the Service of the East India Company, as Mate of the Ship Syam Merchant in i 68 J: And, in 168,5, the Captain of the Ship died at Sea; and the Petitioner, by Succession, took the Command upon him; and, in 1686, brought her and Cargo safe to London, and was, per Owners, continued Commander till May 87: But, notwithstanding all his Solicitations, could never receive any of his Wages from them, upon Pretence the Company have mulcted the Petitioner One hundred Pounds, for a pretended Disrespect to one of their Factors at Indepora-,though, in December 1688, the Company,

as a Gratuity, ordered the Petitioner Fifty Pounds for his extraordinary Service in the Voyage, which (as ... . conceives) contradicts any Grounds for such Mulct, as aforesaid; and although the Petitioner hath also petitioned them to remove the said Mulct, but they absolutely refuse the same: And praying the Consideration of the Premises, and Relief therein.

But the same was laid aside.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill for Supply Bill; reviewing the Poll Bill, and for an additional Poll, with- 1'°11 lax-out any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House resolved into a Cortimittee of the Bills of whole House, upon the Bill of Indemnity and general Indemnity, Pardon; and for inflicting Pains and Penalties upon such &c-as shall be excepted thereout

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the-Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the Bills; dnd moved, That the House may resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further therein Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further upon the said Bills.

Ordered, That Rob. Blaney, Esquire, do attend this Reversing House bn Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, Armstrong's to testify his Knowledge touching the Proceedings against Attaui er-Sir Tho. Armstrong.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Tuesday Morning London next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to Orphans, consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That Dr. Tillotson, Dean of Paul's, be Preachers desired to preach before this House upon the Thirtieth of app°,n‘ed January Instant, in the Forenoon, at West- or 30 au*

minster: And that Sir Thomas Littleton do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Dr. Scott be desired to preach before this House upon the same Day in the Afternoon, at St.

Margaret's Westminster: And that Sir Rob. Nappier and Mr. Auditor Dane do acquaint him therewith.

The Serjeant at Arms attending this House acquainted the House, That he found that Parker, who was

the Eighteenth Instant ordered to be sent for in Custody, for counterfeiting a Protection from the honourable Thomas Wharton, Esquire was at the Chamber of Mr.

Purcell, an Attorney at Law in the Temple-, who harbours him there, so that he cannot be taken.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Purcell do attend the Committee of Privileges this Afternoon; who are to examine the Matter; and report the same to the House.

Sir Peter Rich attending in his Place, according to the Order of the House, upon the.Petition of Sir Tho.

Pilkinglon, Lord Mayor of London, and others, who were fined upon Pretence of a Riot at the Election of Sheriffs for the City of London in the Year 1684;

The Petition was read.

And Sir Peter Rich was heard, What he had to say in his own Defence.

And after a Debate in the House thereupon;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Ioave be given to bring in a Bill to make Reparation to the Lord Mayor, and the rest of the Petitioners, out of the Estates of the Persons mentioned in the Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir James Astrey;

Vol. X.

Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Elluell, fSir Hen. Goodrich, (Mr Greenvile,

} 152. } 169.

Jovis, 23* die Januarii;

1* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

ABIL L to enable John Wolstcnholme, Esquire, to Wolsten-sell Lands for Payment of his Debts, was read the holm«’s First time. Estate.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable John Pritchard Gentleman, to settle Pritchard’s a Jointure on a Second Wife, was read the Second time. Jointure.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Arnold,

Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Tho. Tayler, Mr. Carter, Sir Cha.

Raleigh, Mr. While, Sir Dune. Colchester, Sir Wm. Honeywood, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr.

Patten, Sir John Guise, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Hobby, Sir John Doyley, Sir WaYoung, Sir Skippon, Major Manley, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Wm. Lang-ham, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Christy, Sir Wm. Cooper, Mr.

Grey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the Illegitimation of such Child or Children, Lewie nor* as Jane, the Wife of John Lewknor, Esquire, hath had, Wife's ille-or shall have, during her Elopement from her Husband, gitimate was read the Second time. children.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Clarges,

Mr. White, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Lee, Sir Ralph Dutton,

Mr. May, Mr. Cognisby, Mr. Colt, Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Parker, Mr. Smith, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr.

Sir Phil. Skippon, ‘Sir John Guise, Mr. Hervy, Mr. Harries,

Sir Walter Young, Mr. Glemham, Mr. Palmes, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Hen. Herbert, Sir John Fagg, Sir Wm.

Drake, Mr Christy, Major Beake, Mr. Mr,

Hobby, Lord Ratglagh, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Niccolls. Sir

Cha.

>40 $3° Janu \ 1689.

Cha. Raleigh, Sir Ro. Rich, Mr. Anch. Gray, Mr. Harly, Sir Gilbert Clarke, Sir Walter Moyle, Mr. Mitchell, Mr, Freke, Sir Mat. Andrewes, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records;

Cooke’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. for Enabling of Trustees to sell certain Lands of Richard Cooke, deceased, to pay I)ebts, and to raise a Portion for his Daughter, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brewer, Sir IVm. Ellis, Mr. Christy, Mr. Sir Tho.

Darcy, Mr. Serjeant TrenMr. England, Mr. White,

Mr. Haile, Sir Walter Moyle, Mr. Mr. Blow-

feild. Sir Phil. Skippon, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Parker, Major Manley, Mr. Grey, Mr. Pelham, Sir Tho. Littleton, Colonel Birch, Mr. Baldxcyn, Mr. Ellwell, Mr. Roberts, Mr Thornhary, Mr. Reynells, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Rob. Napper,

Mr. Rebow, Sir Tho. Bernadiston, Mr. Arnold, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolke and Suffolke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Prideaux’* A Bill to charge the Manors of Dalby and Broughton, Claim oh the Estate of the late Lord Jeffryes, with the Payment LordJeffryes. Qf pourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, and Interest, to Edmund Esquire, was read

the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Walter Young, Sir Walter Moyle, Mr. Mansell, Sir Pat. Ward,

Sir John Wyn, Mr. Boscazc Sir John Cary, Lord Falkland, Sir John Moreton, Sir James Mr.

loiv, Lord Ranelagh, Colonel Tipping, Mr. Patten, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Major Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Baldxcyn, Sir Tho. Mr. Gxvyn, Sir

Honeyxcood, Mr. Christy, Sir Ellis, Mr. Boyle, Sir Phil. Gell, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Mr. Niccolls, Sir Langham, Mr. Colt, Sir Mat. Andrexves, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition of Sir Henry Polle ifen, Knight, Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, Sir Rob: Clayton, Edxv: Jennings, Esquire, and Thomas Colson, Merchant, Trustees for the Creditors and Children of the late Lord Jeffryes, Ann Lady Jeffryes, Widow of the said Lord, Wm. Stringer Jeffry, and John Jeffryes, Esquires, Executors of the said Lord Jeffryes, presented and read in this House Ninth of December last, be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for charging the Manors of Dalby and Broughton, the Estate of the late Lord Jeffryes, with the Payment of Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, and Interest, to Edmund Prideaux, Esquire, is referred.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of Jeffry Jeffryes, Merchant, presented and read in this House the 9th of December last, be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for charging the Manors of Dalby and Broughton, the Estate of the late Lord Jeffryes, with the Payment of Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, and Interest, to Edmund Prideaux, Esquire, is referred.

Privilege: A Petition of Ambrose Kelly, Gentleman, one of the

Clerks of the Office, attending this House, was read; setting forth, That, on the One-and-twentieth Instant, one John Barrett entered into the Petitioner’s House with a Constable, and their seized and carried away all his Goods; the said Barrett then saying, He neither mattered the Privileges or Members of the House: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the Housev

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Com-

14

mittee of Privileges; to examine tire Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions thereto, to the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Cane Chain, whom the Bill for prohibiting the Making of Cane &c.

Chairs, Squabs, and Couches, was referred, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill to make void the Settlements made by Papists Papist* Pro. of their Estates to disinherit their Protestant Heirs, and teat&ntHein. to vest the Profits of the Estates of Children sent abroad to be educated in the Romish Religion in their next Protestant Kindred, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

A Bill to take away Process of Capias for all Debts process of under Forty Shillings, was read the First time. Capias.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to cambrid e the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Cambridge, in the room of Sir Robert Sawyer, Knight, who was the Twentieth Instant expelled this House.

Then the House took into Consideration the Matter pr;vijcgc touching Protections given by Members of the House. Members

And the Lists delivered in by the Sheriffs of Middle- Protections. sex, and the Secondaries of the Two Compters of the City of London, of such Protections as had beeii entered in their respective Offices, was read.

And several Members of the House disowning the granting any such Protections as were returned under their Names.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine when, and by whom, the said Protections, so disowned, had been entered in the said Offices: And they are to report the same to the House.

The Serjeant at Arms acquaints the House, That Mr.

Rich. Purcell had Yesterday undertaken to him to produce Sam. Parker before the House this Morning; but had bow sent him Word, That he would not do it.

Ordered, That Mr. Rich. Purcell be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for concealing arid harbouring Samuell Parker, who was, by this House, ordered to be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for counterfeiting a Protection in the Name of Thomas Wharton, Esquire a Member of this House.

And then former Resolutions and Orders of the House, relating to Protections, granted by Members, being read; viz.

9 Apr. 1670;

7 Feb. 1677;

30 Apr. 1679;

Ordered, That all Protections, and written Certificates, Privilege of of the Members of this House, be declared void in Law; Member# and be forthwith withdrawn, and called in; and that none Servant*, be granted for the future: And, if any shall be granted by any Member, such Member shall be liable to the Censure of this House: And that the Privilege of Members for their menial Servants be observed according to Law; and that, if any menial Servant shall be arrested, and detained, contrary to Privilege, he shall, upon Complaint thereof made unto the Speaker, be discharged by Order from him.

Ordered, That This be declared to be the Standing Order of the House.

Ordered, That this Order be published, by setting up the same in the Lobby, at the House Door, at Westminster Hall Gate, at the several Courts in Westminster Hall, and at the Inns of Courts and Inns of Chancery, and at the Royal Exchange: And that the Knights of the Shires do send Copies thereof to the Sheriffs of their respective Counties; and the Burgesses to their several Boroughs.

Ordered, That such Members as are returned to have granted Protections, and were absent this Day, do give an Account to the House of what Protections have been

granted

Vniversitictf

Charters.

Exceptnns from Bill of Indemnity.

I W. &4 M. 23d Janucirii. 34I

granted by them, the next Time they come to the House.

Ordered, That the hearing Counsel, at the Bar, upon the Bill for Confirming the Charters of the Two Universities, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill of Indemnity; and the Bill of Pains and Penalties to be inflicted upon such as shall be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed upon certain Heads in order to their proceeding on the said Bills: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; arid are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Asserting, Advising, and Promoting of the Dispensing Power, and Suspending of Laws without Consent of Parliament, as it hath been lately exercised; and the acting in pursuance of such pretended Dispensing Power is one of the Crimes, for which some Pesons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That trie Commitment and Prosecution of the Seven Bishops be another Crime, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the advising, promoting, and executing the Commission for erecting the late Court for Ecclesiastical Causes, be another Crime, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the advising the levying Money, and the collecting the same for and to the Use of the Crown, by Pretence of Prerogative, for other Time, and in other Manner, than the same was granted by Parliament, be another Crime, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the advising the raising and keeping up a Standing Army in the Time of Peace, without Consent of Parliament, and the Quartering of Soldiers, be another Crime, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the advising, procuring, contriving, and acting in the surrendering Charters, and in the Ateration and Subversion of Corporations, and in Procuring of new Charters, and the Violating of the Rights and Freedoms of Elections to Parliament, in Counties, Cities, Corporations, Boroughs, and Ports; and the questioning the Proceedings of Parliament out of Parliament, by Declarations, Informations, or otherwise, are other Crimes, for which some Persons may be justly excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That undue Constructions of Law, and illegal Prosecutions and Proceedings in Capital Cases, are other Crimes, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the undue Returns of Juries, and other illegal Proceedings in Civil Causes, are other Crimes, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the requiring excessive Bail, imposing excessive Fines, giving excessive Damages, and using undue Means for levying such Fines and Damages, and inflicting cruel and unusual Punishments, are other Crimes, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vol. X.

That the advising King Charles the Second, and King James the Second, by some of their Judges and Counsel, That Parliaments need not be called, according to the Statutes, is another Crime, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the procuring the Commission to execute Martial Law in the Island of Sat/cta or signing Instruc-

tiens for putting the same in Execution, is another Crime, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Regulating of Corporations and Boroughs in the Reign of the late King James the Second, and the promising to take ofl the Penal Laws and Test, are other Crimes, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the undertaking, in the Reign of the late King James the Second, to repair the Ships of War, and receiving Money for that Service, and the not performing the same, is another Crime, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Asserting, Advising, and Promoting of the Dispensing Power, and Suspending of Laws, without Consent of Parliament, as it hath been lately exercised; and the acting in pursuance of such pretended Dispensing Power; is one of the Crimes, for which some Persons may he justly excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Commitment and Prosecution of the Seven Bishops be another Crime, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time; ,r

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the advising, promoting, and executing the Commission for erecting the late Court for Ecclesiastical Causes, be another Crime, for which some Persons may be justly excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read the Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the advising the levying Money, and the collecting the same for and to the LTse of the Crown, by Pretence of Prerogative, for other Time, and in other Manner, than the same was granted by Parliament, be another Crime, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Fifth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the advising the raising and keeping up a Standing Army in the Time of Peace, without Consent of Parliament, and the Quartering of Soldiers, be another Crime, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Sixth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the advising, procuring, contriving, and acting in the surrendering Charters, and in the Alteration and Subversion of Corporations, and in Procuring of new Charters, and the Violating of the Rights and Freedoms of Elections to Parliament, in Counties, Cities, Corporations, Boroughs, and Ports; and the questioning the Proceedings of Parliament out of Parliament, by Declarations, Informations, or otherwise; are other Crimes, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Seventh of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

4 R Resolved,

Exception'S' from Hill of Indemnity.

342 33° — 24° Januariu . 1689.

Exceptions Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com-from Bill of mittee, That undue Constructions of Law, and the undue Indemnity. an(j jjegai Prosecutions and Proceedings in Capital Gases, 'are other Crimes, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Eighth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the undue Returns of Juries, and other illegal Proceedings in Civil Causes, are other Crimes, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Ninth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the requiring excessive Bail, imposing excessive Fines, giving excessive Damages, and using undue Means for levying such Fines and Damages, and inflicting cruel and unusual Punishments, are other Crimes, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Tenth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve, That the advising King Charles the Second, and King James the Second, by some of their Judges and Counsel, That Parliaments need not be called, according to the Statutes, is another Crime, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Eleventh of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the procuring the Commission to execute Martial Law in the Island of Sand a Hellena, or signing Instructions for putting the same in Execution, is another Crime, for which some Persons may justly be excepted -out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The Twelfth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Regulating of Corporations and Boroughs in the Reign of the late King James the Second, end the promising to take off the Penal Laws and Test, are other Crimes, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

The last of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the undertaking, in the Reign of the late King James the Second, to repair the Ships of War, and receiving Money for that Service, and the not performing the same, is another Crime, for which some Persons may justly be excepted out of the Bill of Indemnity.

Air. Grey further reports from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move the House, That the House may resolve into a Committee of the whole House again, on Saturday Morning next, to proceed further upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That the House do, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further upon the said Bill.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Veneris, 24* die i* Gulielmi el Mariae.

Brownrig’s A PETITION oiWm. Brownrig was read; thereby Complaint. Xl. setting forth, That, about 1681, he was accidentally present, when several Sums of Money were paid to Persons, who said they were to be Witnesses against the Earl of Shqftsbury, and others; which the Petitioner told Mr. Stringer the Earl’s Steward; believing the same was done for Subornation: Fordoing whereof, a Justice of the Peace of the West Riding in Yorkshire committed him te the Gaol of

Yorke Castle, under Pretence of an Information of a treasonable Nature; and was then refused to be bailed; but, after a long Confinement, was bailed by two Persons in Two thousand Pounds a-piece; whereby the Petitioner and his Family are utterly ruined: And the said Justice being a Member of the House; and praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That Sir Jonathan Jennings do attend in his Place This-day-month, to answer to the said Complaint.

A Petition of Sir John Cope, and others, Creditors of Bankrupt*.

Sir Rob. Vyner, deceased, on the Behalf of themselves, and the major Part, in Value, of his Creditors, was read; setting forth, That there is a Bill before the House, whereby Three Parts in Four of the Creditors of any Bankrupt are impowered to compound or agree with such Bankrupt; and the same to be conclusive to the rest; That there was a Commission of Bankrupt awarded against Sir Robert Vyner, but the Petitioners as yet have not received any Benefit thereby; but that it would be for their Benefit to be enabled to make some Agreement with the Executor: And, being Sir Robert Vyner is dead, it may be doubted, Whether the Petitioners are comprehended in the Act: And praying Leave to bring in a Clause, for such their Benefit and Advantage, into the said Bill.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill touching Composition for Bankrupts Estates, is referred.

A Bill to declare the Rights of Elections of Members Cinque Port* to serve in Parliament for the Cinque Ports, was read Election*, the Second time. t

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Holt, Lord IVm. Air.

Chadwick, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Moore,

Air. Cooke, Sir Phil. Gell, Mr. Harley, Mr. Frcke, Colonel Beaumont, Sir John Knatchbull, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr.

Niccolls, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Newport, Mr. Manley, Air.

Shcrrard, Mr. Brownlow, Sir Rob. Mr. Air.

Bickerstaffe, Mr. Colt, Mr. Papillion, and all the Alem-bers that serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable the Surgeons to administer Aledicines Surgeons to to wounded Persons, was read the First time. administer

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Medicines.

Air. Christy reports from the Committee to whom the j,uigments Bill for Reversing of Two Judgments in Two Actions on fecandali* brought by the Duke of Beaufort, upon the Statute of Mugnatum. Scandalis Magnatum; one against Sir Trevor Williams,

Baronet, and the other against John Arnold, Esquire; and also to discharge an Action depending between the said Duke, wadi John Dutton Colt, Esquire, upon the said Statute, was referred; That the Duke had given Sir Trevor Williams a Release, under his Hand and Seal, of the Judgment obtained against him: And that Air. was contented to withdraw his Order, and refer the Alatter to the Duke’s Honour: And that therefore the Committee had agreed to leave out of the Bill all Alatters relating to Sir Trevor Williams and Air. Colt: And had agreed to amend the same accordingly; and made it to relate to Air. Arnold only; Which Amendments he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and then delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of Joseph Offley, and Joseph Lane, Esquires, >Vlster»-Executors of John Owen, Clerk, deceased, was read; there- holme’* by setting forth, That Sir Thomas Wolsborrowed, Estate, of their Testator, Seven hundred Pounds, in 1684, secured 16 " only

J

i W. M. ^4° — 250 Januatti. 343

only by Bond and Judgment; whereupon the whole Interest and principal Money is due: And JVolsten-holme, Esquire, has brought in a Bill before this House for to sell Lands of Sir Thomas to pay his Debts: And praying relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Bill to enable John JVolstenholme, Esquire, to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, be read a Second time.

Swaine's Sir Wm. Leveson Gowr reports from the Committee

Complaint, appointed the Seventeenth of December last to examine the Matter of the Petition of John Price,

and Robert Szvaine', and also to examine the Matter of the Petition of Robert Szvaine; and report the same to the House; That the Keeper of had attended the said Committee with the Mittimus by which the said Szvaine was committed to Nacgate: and that the Committee had considered the same, and agreed upon a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the samqj in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Commitment of Rob. Szvaine by James, Esquire, one of their Majesties Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, is an illegal Commitment, as appears by the Mittimus.

Resolved, That it be re-committed to the same Committee, to examine, What practices were used, and by whom, in committing the said Szvaine to Prison, during his Attendance on this House as a Petitioner; and report the same to the House.

And the House being informed that the said Capell had been also committed to Prison;

Resolved, That the said Committee do also examine, What Practices were used, and by whom, in committing the said Capell to Prison; and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee be revived; and do sit this Afternoon: And that Mr. Cary, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Major Vincent, Mr. Rockland, Sir Air. England, Sir Alger. May, Sir Guise, Sir Cha. Rloys, Mr. Mannaton, Colonel Kirby, Sir Ralph Dutton,

Air. Fox, Mr. Vincent, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Phil. Foley, Mr. Grey, Mr. Shcrrard, Mr. Air. England, be added to the said Committee.

Universities’ Then the Bill for Restoration of the Charters of the Charters. Two Universities, was read the Second time.

And afterwards the ' Counsel for the City of O xford were called in; and heard at the Bar what they had to object against the Passing of the Bill: And also the Counsel for the University of Oxford were likewise heard in an Answer thereunto.

And both Sides being withdrawn;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir vor, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Finch, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Ralph Dutton, Lord Falkland, Air. bington. Air. Etterick, Alajor Mr. Rurdet, Sir

Cha. Rloys, Mr. Newport, Mr. Gray, Sir Poultney, Mr. Dalben, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Niccolls, Sir Air Fuller, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Lord

Digby, Sir Roger Jen Mr. Heldyeir, Sir John Brozvnlow, Sir Gilb. Clerke, Mr. Bertie, Lord m. Powlet, Lord Shcrrard, Mr. Coni Sir Sir Rich.

Nczcdigate, Sir JVm.Strickland, Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Newton, Mr. Colt: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sabbati, 25° die Januarii; i° Gulielmi et Alariae.

Prayers.

Leave for RD ERED, That Sir IVm. Whitlocke have Leave

attend Lord* to atten<^ foe House of Lords, as Counsel, in a

*n Cause between Bourman and Brooke.

Vol. X.

Ordered, That Air. Finch have Leave to attend the Leave for House of Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between the Meml>e.r Duke of Southampton, and Sir Ccesar Wood, alias Crammer. attem or

A Bill for cleansing and paving the Streets in the City Westminster and Liberty of Westminster and Borough of Southzoarke, Paving, Sec. and in the Out Parishes in the County of Middlesex, comprised within the Weekly Bills of Alortality; and for reforming Annoyances and Disorders in the Streets; and for regulating the Haymarkets in the Parishes of St.

Martins in the Fields, and Whitechapple, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable John Wolstenholme, Esquire, to sell Wolsten-Lands to pay Debts, was read the Second time. holme's

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lewes, ®state>

Air. Carter, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Mr.

Buddy, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Saunders, Sir Cotton, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Chadwick,

Air. Hervy, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Brodrepp, Mr. Bull, Sir Wm. Cooper, Mr. Baldzvyn, Alajor Beake, Mr. Iiawtry,

Air. Arnold, Mr. Foley, Mr. Freke, Mr. Mich. Harvey,

Lord Willoughby, Sir Cha. Ccesar, Mr. Eldred, Sir Phil.

Gell, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Ellzvell, Mr. Ash, Sir Morgan,

Air. Brownlow, Mr. Gwyn, Sir John Cary, and all the

Alembers that serve for the County of Lincolne: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records-

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of Joseph Of ley and Jos.Lane, Esquires, be referred to the

Committee to whom the Bill to enable John Wolstenholme,

Esquire, to sell Lands to pay Debts, is committed.

A Bill for the better encouraging and establishing the Paper Manu-Manufacture of White Paper was read the Second time. facture-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rich.Hart, Mr. Hobby, Sir Peter Cory ton. Sir Walter Young, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir Edzv.

Hussey, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Cutler, Sir Wm. Air.

Ruscazrcn, Mr. Kendall, Sir Rob. Napper, Colonel Birch,

Sir Wm. Leveson Gowre, Mr. Pollen, Sir Mat. Andrezvs,

Air. Christy, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Sir

Gell, Mr. Johnson, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Bull, Sir Tho.

Darcy, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Fra. Russell,

Sir John Barker, Lord Dmcne, Mr. Thornhaugh,

Wogan, Mr. Pollexjen, Sir Hen.Goodrick, Sir John More-ton, Mr. Grubb, Alajor Manley, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr.»£/-dred, Sir John Cary, Mr. Fuller, Sir Wm. Honeywood, Air.

Rebozo, Mr. England, Mr. Onslow, Lord Falkland, Alajor Wildman, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. White, Mr. Harley:

And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of George Hagar, Gentleman, was read; Ditto,

thereby setting forth, That 34 Car. 11" the Petitioner obtained a Patent from his Majesty for the sole Making of White Writing, and all other coloured Paper, for Fourteen Years: That some time after, in the late King

James's Reign, one John Briscoe, Salter, by much Importunity, prevailed upon the Petitioner to discover such his Art to him: But Briscoe first made an Affidavit, and gave it under his Hand and Seal, that he would never discover the same without the Petitioner's Leave: But that, contrary thereto,. the said Briscoe combining with one Revolt (a professed Jesuit), and Commissary Shales, to obtain a Patent from the late King for exercising

the Art, and to incorporate them therein as Governors and Company of White Paper; which was by Surprize, and without any Notice to the Petitioner: And they have lately exhibited a Petition to this House, to establish such their Patent: And praying to be heard by his Counsel against any such Bill, before the same pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the

better

344

250 — i’]0 Januarii. A. 1689.

better encouraging and establishing of the Manufacture of White Papa* is committed.

_ t Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect

Ws* all the Laws for Relief of the Poor; and to consider of Ways, How the Poor may be employed in Work; and make their Report to the House.

And it is referred to Colonel Birch, Mr. Christy, Sir , Tko. Littleton, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Sir John

Key, Sir John Dorrdl, Mr. Sir Temple,

Sir Tko. Pilkington, Mr. Hellyer, Sir Phil. Gell,

Skippon, Sir John Moreton, Sir Win. Yorkc, Mr. Staynes, Mr. Machell, Major Bealce Mr. Bracer, Sir Doyley,

Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Glemham, Mr. Hen. Herbert, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr.

Sir John Cary, Sir Cha.Windham, Mr. White, Sir Pat.-Ward, Mr. Lascells, Sir John Fagg, Sir Wm. Honeyxcood, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Montague, Sir Clerke, Sir Tho.

Clarges: And all that come are to have Voices: And all the Gentlemen that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Friday next at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

r«se of Ordered, That the Officers of the Court of King’s Godwyn and Bench do immediately attend this House,-with the Records ^alri* of the Judgment in the Case of Godwyn and Hales, and

of the Information prosecuted against the Seven Bishops.

Armstrong’s The House being acquainted, that, according to their Prosecution. Order, Sir Fra Wit hens, Sir Rich. Holloway, Mr. hant, and Mr. Burton, attended at the Door;

They were called in; and examined at the Bar, touching the Prosecution and Proceedings against Sir Thomas Armstrong: And then they withdrew.

And the House being also acquainted, that the Executors of the late Lord Jeffrycs attended also at the Door;

.They were called in; and asked at the Bar, What they had to say, why Reparation Should not be made out of the Lord Jeffryes Estate to Sir Tho. Armstrong's Family, for the Losses sustained by it: To which they desired to be heard by their Counsel: And then they withdrew.

And no Persons appearing as the Executors of the late Justice WalCot, the House was acquainted that he died intestate; and had not left sufficient Estate to pay his Debts.

Afterwards Mr. Blaney was called in; and, at the Bar, gave the House an Account of the Proceedings in the Court of King’s Bench, upon the awarding Execution against Sir Tho. Armstrong: And then he withdrew. Reversing Whereupon the House proceeded in the Consideration Armstrong’s of the Amendments reported the Twentieth Instant, from Attainder, the Committee to whom the Bill for reversing the Attainder of Sir Thomas Armstrong, was re-committed.

And the Second Amendment being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Residue of the Blank be filled up with " Sir Rob. Sawyer."

Several other of the Amendments being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause (C) being read the Second time;

Resolved, That the First Blank in the said Clause be filled up with " Sir Rob. Sawyer."

Resolved, That the Second Blank be filled up with " Five thousand Pounds."

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed, on the Debate of the House, to the same Committee: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Bills of In- Resolved, That the House do, upon Monday Morn-

demnity, &c. ing nex^ at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of die whole House, to proceed further upon the Bills of General Pardon and Indemnity; and for inflicting Pains and Penalties upon such Persons as shall be excepted thereout

Committws. Ordei'ed, That all Committees be adjourned.

Luna, 2}* die Januarii;

1® Gulielmi etMariae.

Prayers.

PET IT ION of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Comj moil Council of the Borough of was

read; thereby setting forth, That they have had and still have, an independent Company of the Militia; and have had Commissions of Lieutenancy (a Copy of one of which was annexed to the Petition), and thereby Power to elect a Captain to command the same; which Company consists of One hundred Men, and were to be drawn out of the Borough to be mustered or exercised; And being informed of a Bill before the House for the better settling the Militia of the Kingdom; and praying such their ancient Privilege may be provided for therein: And that, by reason of the great Decay of Trade, the Number may be reduced to Sixty} besides Officers.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for settling the Militia of this Kingdom is referred: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Duncomb Colchester have Leave ].e<wt of

to go into the Country for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

A Bill to enable the Surgeons to administer inward Surgeons t<» Medicines to wounded Persons, w as read the Second time. "'I'nmi-t.-r

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Lit- 1'ltdlclUiS-tleton, Mr. Onslozv, Colonel Birch, Sir Edu ard Ilusscy, Sir

Cha. Casar, Mr. Braver, Mr. CognisbyMr. Foley, Colonel Austen, Sir Tho. Bernadiston, Sir Moreton, Sir

Cha. Windham, Sir John Brownlcw, Mr. Mr.

Bracer, Mr. Christy, Mr. Buscazten, Major Manly, Mr.

Vincent, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Blozvfeild, Mr. Onslozv, Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. llashleigh, Mr. Carter, Mr. '1'itch-borne, Mr. Chadzcick, Mr. Hazclcs, Sir Wm. , Mr.

Courtney, Sir Phil. Skippon, Sir EdzvHarley, Mr. England, Sir Peter Rich, Sir Cha. Windham, Sir Rob. Rich,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Carey, Sir Walter Mr.

Mr. Elhcell, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Rebozc, Mr. Arnold:

And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Rich. Warburton, Esquire, was read; thereby setting forth, That his Real Estate, to the Vaiue Forieiiurt*. of One thousand Pounds per Annum, and his Personal Estate, to Two thousand Pounds Value, was seized in Ireland, for his adhering to their present Majesties: That the Petitioner also held by Lease; and was, the l ilth December 1688, possessed of several Dands and Tenements in the King's and Queens Counties in Ireland, at the yearly Relit of One hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings, derived under the late Earl of Arlington, deceased; the Relit and Reversion whereof the Earl sold (inter alia) to Sir Pat. Trant;who often promised the Petitioner a Renewal of such his Lease, he having disbursed at least Two thousand Pounds upon the Premises: But for that, Sir Pat. Trant, by the Bill of Forfeitures, may be liable to forfeit all his Estate', and consequently disabled from performing his Promise', and therefore praying, a Clause may be inserted in the Fill of Forfeitures, for the Relief of the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill to attaint such Persons as are in Rebellion against their Ma jesties in Ireland, is referred; to examine the Matter thereof j and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That all that come to the Committee to UVnmlrster, whom the Bjll for erecting Courts of Conscience in the &c. Cwrts <.f Borough of Southzvarke, City ci Westminster, I cult Ham- Conscience,

lets, and Out Parishes within the weekly Bills of Mort.i* lity, is referred, have Voices.

A Motion

Recovery of

Tj’thes.

African

Company.

X W. & M. 270 Januarit.

345

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now proceed upon the'Amendments come down from the Lords to the Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, and for the Repair of Churches;

The House divided,

The Yeas go forth,

Tellers for the Yeas.-f^1'

’ [Sir Fra.Russell,

Tellers for the Noes,{» lr / 0>

[Mr.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Amendments be, taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven

a Clock.

43-

96.

A Petition of the Royal Afr Company of England

was read; setting forth, That they, by great Charge, have preserved to this Nation the Trade in from the

Port of Salley to Cape de bona Espcranza, under Letters Patents from the lateKing Charles the Second; where they have not only improved the Manufactories of this Nation, but, from the large Credit the said Company have given to their Majesties JWn’crt Plantations, the Trade of Affrica hath produced an Increase of Wealth and Navigation to the Kingdom, and Revenue to the Crown: But there arising Disputes about the Company’s Powers by their Letters Patents, whereby they are disturbed in their Trade: And presuming the House may find it necessary to secure the Trade of Affrica, and praying the y may have Leave to offer a Bill for the better securing a Trade to the Petitioners the Company, or as the House shall see good.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the said Petition; and to prepare and bring in a Bill, as they shall think fit.

And it is referred to Sir77?o. Littleton, Sir Clarges, Mr. Bracer, Major Vincent, Mr. S'nTho. Darcy, Mr. Bloztfeild, Sir Peter Rich, Major Manley, Mr. El-

well, Mr. Johnson, Sir John Morcton, Mr. Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Herne, Mr Fenwick, Colonel Birch, Sir John Ca>y, Mr. England, Mr. BMr. Mr.

Houses, Mr. Christy, Sir WaYoung, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Thompson, Sir Tho. Barnadiston, Mr. Cognisby, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Dun. Colchester, Sir Charles Bloys, Mr. Brownlow, Mr. Caiyc: And all that come to have Voices: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir James Astry;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, in- Batson’s tituled, An Act to enable Wm.Batson, Esquire, to sell i jtate. Lands in the County of O.von, and to purchase and settle other Lands in the County of Suffolk cto the same Uses, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the hearing Counsel upon the Bill for Anlnage taking away the Duty of Aulnage be adjourned until L)uiy. Friday Morning next.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Bills of In-whole House, to proceed further upon the Bills of general demuity, &c. Pardon and Indemnity., and for inflicting Pains and Penalties upon such Persons as shall be excepted thereout.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from his Majesty; by Sir Thomas S*nt

Gentleman Usher of the Black Roo:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly, Mr. Speaker and the House went up to attend his Majesty: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Bills following; viz.

An Act for Review of the Poll Bill, and for an additional Poll:

An Act to prevent vexatious Suits against such as acted in order to the bringing in their Majesties, or for their Service:

An Act for the better Security and Relief of the Irish Protestants:

An Act to discharge the Duke of Norfolk, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money to the Lady Eliz. Teresa Russell, wife of Bartholomew Russell, Esquire:

An Act to enable the Earl of Radnor to make a Jointure to his Wife, and to raise a Sum of Money out of divers Lands and Tenements in Cornwall:

An Act to enable Thomas Edon, Esquire, to sell Lands to pay his Debts, and to make Provision for his Wife and for his Children, in case he shall have any:

An Act to enable Wim. Batson, Esquire, to sell Lands in the County of Oxon, and to purchase and settle an Estate in the County of Suffolke to the same Uses.

And afterwards his Majesty made a gracious Speech Parliament to both Houses: Which being ended, prorogued.

The Parliament was prorogued until the Second Day of April next.

Vol. X.

4 S

347

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE "/COMMONS.

Parliamentum inceptum & tentum apud Civitatem WestttionasteK, Die Jo vis, 20° Die Martii, Anno Regni Regis & Reginae Gulielmi & MARiiE, Dei Gratia, Angliae, Scotige, Franciae, & Hiberniae, Fidei Defenforum, Secundo; Annoque Domini 1689.

Parliament N which Day, being the First Day of the Meet-

meets. 1 ing of this Parliament, about Ten of the Clock,

the Right honourable William Earl of Devonshire, Lord Steward of their Majesties Household, came into the Inner Court of Wards: And the Clerk of the Crown presenting a List of such Members as were returned to serve in this present Parliament; and the Clerk of the House of Commons attending, according to the Duty of his Place; the Lord Steward did himself, in Person, administer the Oaths appointed by the Statute made in the First Year of their now Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, to several of the Members of the House of Commons; and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal, to several of those so sworn, to administer the Oaths to the rest of the Members of the House of Commons: And then departed. And the Members, which were so commissionated, divided themselves into several Places, being attended by Mr. the Clerk of the

House of Commons, and Mr. , the Clerk Assist-

ant, and other Clerks assigned for that Service; and, according to the Power given them by the said Commission, did administer the Oaths to all other Members who then appeared: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons: After which,

Message to A Message was delivered from the King, by Sir Tho. attend the Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; viz.

Kin8- Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

Sir J. Trevor And accordingly the House went up to attend his chosen Majesty; who, was pleased by the Right honourable Sir

Speaker. Robert Atkins, Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, Speaker of the House of Lords, to command the Commons to return to their House, and choose their Speaker; and present him to his Majesty Tomorrow Morning.

And the House being returned;

Sir John Lowther, Vice Chamberlain to his Majesty, humbly proposed to the House, That he conceived Sir John Trevor, both for his great Experience in Parlia-V oi.. X.

rtientary Affairs,' and Knowlege in the Laws, was every way qualified for that Employment: And accordingly he was, upon the Question put, allowed of, and chosen for the Speaker; and immediately conducted to the Chair by Sir John Lowther and Sir Henry Goodrich: Where he acknowledged the great Honour the House had done him; withal saying, That he feared they had done themselves a great Prejudice in making Choice of him; and therefore he desired their Leave to disable himself before the Royal Throne, that they might thereby have Opportunity of making a better Choice.

Then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Tiff IL LI AM Earl of Devonshire, Baron Cavendish Lord

of Hadwick, Great Steward of their Majesties Steward’s

Houshold, One of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Deputation. Council, and Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter, To All to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Know ye, That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, Rich. Earl of Ranelagh,

Russell, Sir Scroop How, Sir John Trevor, Sir Jo. Ernly,

Sir John Bolles, John Greenevile, John Beamont, Sir Bourchier Wray, Tho. Done, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Rich.

Hampden, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Charles Duncomb, Sir Edw. Windham, John Dutton Colt, Esquire, Sir Orlando Gee, Chr. Musgrave, Sir Jo. Lowther, William Tho. Lewes, Sir John Cotton, Phil. Bickersiajj'e, Sir Tho.

Fouie, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my place and stead, to tender and minister the Oaths mentioned in the Statute made in the First Year of their now Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, according to the Direction of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the taking the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person which is or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, or Burgess, or Baron of any of the Five Ports, for the Parliament summoned to begin and to be holden this Twentieth Day

Message to attend ike King.

Mr. Speaker approved.

Members Hike Oaths.

The House interpose to prevent a Quarrel.

348 21* — 22

of March Instapt; and to take and receive the Oaths of every of the said Person and Persons, which is or shall be elected or appointed Knight, Citizen, Burgess or Baron for any of the said Five Ports as aforesaid, for the said Parliament, begun and holden on the said Twentieth Day of J {dr ch aforesaid; giving them, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, and One of them, lull Power and Authority to execute and perform the same; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my said Deputies, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, cr One of them, shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if 1 myself had personally been present, and done the same. In Testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal. Given the Twentieth Day of March, in the Second Year of the Reign of Pur Sovereign Lord ami Lady William and , by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King and Queen, Defenders of the Faith, Dom.

1 h 8 9

Devonshire. L. S.

Veneris,21°

Anno Gulielmi el Mariae

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker Elect having taken the Chair;

A Message was delivered by Sir Tko. Duppa, Gen-man Usher of the Black Rod;

Gentlemen of the House of Commons.

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers immediately.

And accordingly the House went up to attend his Majesty, and to present their Speaker.

And Air. Speaker having humbly represented to his Majesty, That the Choice of Speaker had fallen upon him; he acknowledged his Unfitness for so important a Service; and humbly beseeched his Majesty to command the Commons to1 make a better Choice.

But his Majesty was pleased to confirm him Speaker., Whereupon he returned his humble Thanks to his Majesty for his gracious Acceptance; and humbly prayed his Majesty, in the Name of the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, That he would graciously be pleased to confirm all their ancient Rights and Privileges; and particularly that they might have Liberty and Freedom of Speech in all their Debates: That their Persons, Estates, and Servants, might be free from Arrests, and other Disturbances; and that they might, as Occasion Should require, have Access to his Majesty’s Royal Person.

All which were allowed of, and granted by his Majesty.

Mf. Speaker and the House being returned; Mr. Speaker made Report to the House, That his Majesty had been pleased to confirm all their Privileges to them, in as large a Manner as ever they enjoyed them.

Then the House proceeded to the taking1 the Oaths appointed by the Statute made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign; and the making, repeating, andsnbscribe-ing the Declaration^ directed by the Statute made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of the lfttfe King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament.

And Mr. Speaker, first alone by himself in the Chair, and afterwards a great Number of the Mbmbers of the House, at the Table; did take the said Girths; and made, repeated,.and subscribed’the said Declaration.

The House being informed, that a Quarrel had hapr pened ’in the Lobby of the House, between Sir Thomas Mompesson, and Wm. Okeden, Esquire, Two Members of the House;

And Mr. Okeden being present in the House; Ordered, That Mr. Okeden be enjoined not to prosecute the Quarrel, until the House have examined the same.

18

Martii. 1689.

Ordered, That Sir Tlio. Mompesson be summoned by the Serjeant, to attend in his Place Tomorrow Morning; to answer the said Information.

And then th£ House adjodftied till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Cltrck.

Sabbati, 22* die Martii 2* Gulielmi ct Marine.

Prayers.

Til E House being sat, proceeded in the taking the Oaths appointed; and making, repeating, and subscribing the Declaration: And several of the Members, who had rtot already taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, did now do the same.

A Bill to take away Process of Capias for Debts under Forty Shillings, was read the First tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed of the Persons following, Mr. Gray, Sir John Guise, Lord Digby, Sir John Sir Jos. Tre-

denham, Sir Cha. Sid/ey, Sir John Wyn, Sir Henry Gofl\ Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Colniere, Sir Cha. Windham, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. \ Mr. TreUncny, Sir Henry Goodrich, Sir Mr. Hampden, Sir John Bancks, Mr. Done, Mr. Sir 7 ho.

Gorges, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Hobby, Colonel Webb, Sir Fra. Blake, Major Vincent, Mr. Arnold, Colonel Austen, Sir Robert Nappier, Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. Sir Wm. LecesonGowre, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Pelham, ophetr

Musgrave, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Hop. Windham, Sir Wortly, Mr. Roberts, Sir Robert Sawyer, Mr. Parklutrst,

S jr Wm. Cooke, Sir John Knight, Marquis Mr.

lownes, S ir Scroo/ie Howe, Mr. Finch, Sir Robert

Dashwood, Mr. Wharton, Sir RoRich, Sir Stephens,

Lord Braiulon, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Si

Pritchard, S>\r Tho. Vernon, Sir Sain. Dashwood, Sir Peter Coryton, Mr. Cognisby, Mr. Biclcerstaff'e, Serjeant ard, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. EFinch, Mr. A'sh, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Bretcer, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Etteric/c, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr*. Kirby, Mr. Windham, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hinv(ry, Sir Tho. Darcye, Mr. Granville, Lord

Falkland, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Beare, Sir James Long, Mr. Champnyes, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Traverse, Sir RHarvard, Mr.

lowe, Sir Fra: JVarre, Lord Norris, Mr. Tilney, Sir John Knatchbull, Sir Wni.Hollywood, Lord Wm. Pawlett, Mr. Fuller, Serjeant THurborne, Colonel Strangeways, Sir Jbkrt Lozcihcr, Mr. Buscowen, Sir Gervas Elzvcs, Sir

Cha. Gerrard, Sir Cha.Boys, Sir Mat ". Andrews, Mr. Bridges, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Mr.

Mn Carter, Mr. Perry, Mr. Okeiy, Sir John Mr. And. NeU-port, Serjeant Hutchins, Mr. Rich. Newport, Mr. Fenzvicke, Sir Gilbert Mr: Lewis, Sir

Jos. Williamson, Mr. Brockmart, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. St. Johns, Mr; Burdett, Mr. Biddle, Mt*. Waller, Mr. Mitton, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Rob.’Montague, Mr. Bromly, Sir St. Andr. St. John, Mr. Evans, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Chetwin, Mr. Okeden, Mr. England, Sir Writ. Ellis, Mr. Browne, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Dyett, Sir Geo. Willoughby, Sir Sir Fere Fane,

Members t nke Oaths.

Process of Capias.

G rand

Committees*

Committ*#' of Privileges*

Libellous

Publications.

Double Returns.

Great Marlow Return.

The King's Speech reported.

2 W* M. 2 2° Martii. 349

Sir Rob. Dasliwood, Mr. Ilow: And all that come are to found for the liaising of ready Money (without which have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at the Service cannot be performed), I shall be very well con-Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers tent, for the present, to have it made such a Fund of Chamber; and on every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, Credit, as may be useful to yourselves, as well as Me, in at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place this Conjuncture; not having the least ApprehensionSj before mentioned: And to take into Consideration all such but that you w ill provide for the taking off all such Anti-

Matters as shall or may come in question, touching Re- cipations as it shall happen to fall under, turns, Elections, and Privileges: and to proceed upon It is sufficiently known, how earnestly I have endea-Double Returns in the first Place; and to report their Pro- voured to extinguish, or at least compose* all Differences ceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the House, from amongst My Subjects; and, to that End, How* often have time to time. And all Persons that will question Returns, I recommended an Act of Indemnity to the last Parlia-are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen ment! But since that Part of it, which related to the Pre-Days after any new Return shall be brought in And the venting of private Suits, is already Enacted; and because Committee is to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, Debates of that Nature must take up more of your Time and Records, for their Information. And all Members, than can now be spared, from the Dispatch of those other who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make Things which arc absolutely necessary for our common their Elections by This-day-three-weeks for which of the Safety; I intend to send you an Act of Grace, with, Ex-Places they will serve; provided there be no Question ceptions of some few Persons only, but such as may be upon the Return for that Place. And if any thing shall sufficient to shew My great Dislike of their Crimes; and, come in question, touching the Election, Return, or at the same Time, vny Readiness to extend Protection to Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw all my other Subjects; who will thereby see, That they during the Time the Matter is in Debate. , can thereby recommend themselves to Me, by no other

Resolved, That it be also an Instruction to the Coin- Methods than what the Laws prescribe; which shall al-mittee, That the Committee do inquire into the Authors ways be the only Rules of my Government, and Dispersers of Libels, and scandalous Papers, upon A farther Reason, which induceth me to send you this Persons who have served as Members in Parliament, for Act, at this Time, is, Because I am desirous to leave no what they said or did in the last Parliament. Colour of Excuse to any of My Subjects for the Raising

Ordered, That all Members, returned upon Double Re- of Disturbances in the Government; ai^d especially in the turns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined. Time of my Absence: And I say This, both to inform The House taking Notice, That, by the Book of Re- you, and to let some ill-affected Men see, that I am not turns, there is a Return for the Borough of Great Marlmo unacquainted, how busy they are in their present Endea-in the County of Bucks, in Manner following; viz. yours to alter it.

j , r fBy one Indenture, first Amongst other Encouragements which I find they give iif* Kf ] brought in by the Under- 'themselves, one of the Ways, by which they hope to n m. 1 oc", nig , ^g|ierjg* Pourth March. compass their Designs, is, By creating Differences and j n V ' [Byanother Indenture added Disagreements in your Councils; which, I hope, you will r, iasc 'squxre, lalter by the High Sheriff, be very careful to prevent: For, be assured, that out

pi uccnai, 'squire, ^Eighteenth March. greatest Enemies can have no better Instruments for their

And a Debate arising in the House, touching the said Purposes, than those who shall any ways endeavour to Return; disturb or delay your speedy and unanimous Proceeding

The Question was put, That the said Return be a upon these necessary Matters.

Double Return: I must recommend also to your Consideration an

And it passed in the Negative. Union with Scotland. Ido not mean it Should now be

Ordered, That the Indenture by which Mr. Bucknall entered upon: But they having proposed this to Me some is returned to serve as a Burgess for the said Boi'ough of time since, and the Parliament there having nominated Great Murloxc, be taken off the File. Commissioners for that Purpose, I Should be glad, that

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this Commissioners might also be nominated here, to treat with House, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, them, and to see if such Terms could be agreed on, as

to give an Account concerning the said Return of Mem- might be for the Benefit of both Nations; so as to be

bers to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ready to be presented to you in some future Session, of Great Alar low in the County of Bucks. My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have thought it most convenient to leave the Ad-Then Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That, upon ministration of the Government in the Hands of the their attending his Majesty Yesterday in the House of Queen, during my Absence; and, if it shall be judged Peers, his Majesty was pleased to make a gracious Speech necessary, to have an Act of Parliament for the better

to both Houses of Parliament: And that, by reason of the Confirmation of it to Her, I desire you would let such

great Noise that was made, and the Length of the Speech, an one be prepared, to be presented to Me. he had desired and obtained a Copy thereof: Which he I have this only to add, That the Season of the Year, read, and is as followeth; viz. and My Journey into Ireland, will admit but of a very

Short Session; so that I must recommend to you the My Lords and Gentlemen, making such Dispatch, that w-e may not be engaged in

I AM resolved to leave nothing unattempted on My Debates when our Enemies shall be in the Field: For the Part, which may contribute to the Peace and Prosperity Success of the War, and the more thrifty Management of of this Nation: And, finding my Presence in Ireland will be it, will both principally depend upon your speedy Resolu-absolutely necessary, for the more speedy Reducing of tiens. And I hope it will not be long before we shall That Kingdom, I continue my Resolution of going thi- meet again, to perfect what the Time will not now allow ther as soon as may be: And I have now called you to- to be done, gether for your Assistance, to enable Me to prosecute

that War with Speed and Vigour: In which I assure Resolved, contradicente, That the humble and Address on

Myself of your chearful Concurrence, being a Work so hearty Thanks of this House be presented to his Majesty, *he K'ns’8 necessary for your own Safeties. for his gracious Speech Yesterday to both Houses of Par- peec

In order to This, I desire you will forthwith make a liament.

Settlement of the Revenue: and I cannot doubt but you Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House will Resolutions to will therein have as much Regard for the Honour and assert and support the Government under their present ^*PP°rt the Dignity of the Monarchy in My Hands, as hath been lately Majesties King William and Queen Mary, both by their Governm*nt' shewed to others: And I have so great a Confidence in Councils, and with their Assistance, to the uttermost of you, that if no quicker or more convenient Way can be their Powers.

Vol. X. - 4T Resolved

King's Speech to be considered.

A Member ordered to attend.

Printing the Votes.

Members take Oaths.

Stafford

Election.

Rye Election.

Essex

Election.

35°

23® — 24° Martii. 1589.

Resolved, That the whole House do attend his Majesty with the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do attend his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, When he will be attended.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, take into Consideration his Majesty’s gracious Speech.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Mompesson do attend in his Place upon Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, touching the Quarrel between him and Mr. Okenden: And that be be enjoined not to prosecute the Quarrel, until the same shall be examined by this House.

A Motion being made, That the Votes of this House be printed;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, take into Consideration the Matter of the said Motion.

And then the House adjourned until Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock.

c " — * — 1 - 1 1 -

Luna, 24* die Martii;

2* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

THE House being set; such of the Members as attended, and had not before taken the Oaths appointed, and made, repeated, and subscribed, the Declaration, did now do the same.

A Pettion of Philip Foley, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected for the Borough of Stafford: Yet one Walter Collins, Mayor of the said Borough, did illegally return Jonathan Cope, Esquire: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Caleb Bancks, and Thomas Frcrecn. Esquires, was read; thereby setting forth, That the Petitioners were duly elected, by the Majority of the legal Votes, for the Port of Rye: Yet, notwithstanding, the Mayor hath returned Sir John Austen, and Sir Dorrell,

as duly elected, in Prejudice to your Petitioners: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Anthony Abdy, and Sir Eliah Ilervey, Knight, was read; thereby setting forth, That they were duly elected as Knights of the Shire for the County of Essex, by the Majority of legal Voters; and more would have voted for them, if they might have had time to poll, and the Poll not surprisingly closed, as it was: Yet, nevertheless, John Lemotl Honywood, Esquire, Sheriff of the County, combining and confederating with Henry Mild-may, Esquire, and Sir Fra. Masham, hath returned, as Knights of the said Shire duly elected, them; many indirect Practices being used by the Sheriff’s Clerks in taking the Polls, and otherwise, as will be made appear: And praying the y may have a Hearing before, and the Justice of, this honourable House; and that the Sheriff may be ordered to deliver a Copy of the Poll to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Nevill, Esquire, was read; there* Berks by setting forth, That he, and Sir Hen. were Election

duly elected to be Knights of the Shire for the County of Berks, by the Majority of duly qualified Freeholders:

Yet, nevertheless, the Sheriff, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, hath returned the said Sir Hen. Winchcomb, and Sir Humphry Forster, Baronet, Knights for the said Shire:

And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the 6ame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John How, Esquire, was read; thereby Cirencester setting forth, That he was duly elected a Burgess for Ciren- Election. ccster, by the Majority of qualified Electors, and ought to have been returned by the Steward of the Borough to whom the Precept was directed; but he, by undue Practices, hath returned Hen. Perude, Esquire, and Rich. Hmc,

Esquire, in Injury of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Cha. Porter, Knight, and Wm. - New Wind-derly, Esquire, was read; thereby setting forth, that they »or Election, were duly elected Burgesses for the Borough of New Windsor, by the Majority of the legal Electors, and a Return demanded from the Mayor of such their Election; but that, notwithstanding, the said Mayor has taken upon him unduly to return Baptist May, Esquire, and Sir Christopher Wren: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of New Dittt. Windsor, in the County of Berkes, was read; settingforth,

That a Precept being directed to the Mayor and Borough of New Windsor; and a Day being appointed for the Election of Burgesses; the Petitioners, being the general Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said Borough, appeared at the Market Cross; and duly elected Sir Cha. Porter, and Wm.Alderly, Esquire, for their Burgesses, as aforesaid,;

That, notwithstanding, the Mayor hath taken upon him unduly to return Baptist May, Esquire, and Sir Christopher Wren: And praying the Consideration of the House; and that the House would assert their ancient Right, by causing the said Mayor to amend the Return.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Ambrose Manaton, Esquire, was read; Tavistock setting forth, That, on the 8th of this Instant March Ekctioty was the Day for electing Burgesses for Tavistock in the County of Devon; when the Petitioner was duly elected to serve as a Burgess for the said Borough; and an Indenture was made and sealed by the Electors, and tendered to David Sargent, senior Portreve (and proper Officer there to make the Return); which he refused to do; but returned Sir Fran. Drake, Baronet, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying an Examination of, and Relief in, the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Ferdinando Gorges, Esquire, was read; Lemster setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected by the Election,

15 " Majority

New Sarum Election.

King appoints to be attended.

Deviies

Election.

Rygate

Election.

2 W. <£5> M. 12,4° Mar351

Majority of qualified Voices for the Borough of Lemster; but the Bailiff refused to admit to poll several Persons that tendered their Votes for the Petitioner; and by Threats, and irregular Practices, discouraged others from voting for Petitioner; and hath also returned Dutton Colt, Esquire, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Win. Wyndh Esquife, was read;

setting forth, That, at the Election of Citizens for New Sarum, the Twenty-seventh Day of February last, when the Petitioner Tho. Hobby, Esquire, and Thomas Pitt, Esquire, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner had the Majority of those Persons who had Right to vote in the said Election; and the Petitioner ought to have been returned a Citizen for the said City accordingly, together with the said Thomas Hobby, to serve in this present Parliament for New Sarum aforesaid: But the Mayor, in Wrong to the Petitioner, and contrary to Justice and Right, returned the said Thomas Pitt, Esquire, together with the said Thomas Hobby whereas the Petitioner had U greater Number of qualified Votes: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mr. Comptroller acquaints the House, That, according to their Order of Saturday last, he had waited upon his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, When he would be attended by this House: And that his Majesty was pleased to appoint this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

A Petition of the Burgesses of the Borough of the Dc-vises in the County of Wilts was read; thereby setting forth, That, at the Election of Burgesses for the said Borough on the Seventeenth March last, a Poll was taken, whereat Fifty-nine of the Burgesses, and no more, appeared either at the said Election or Poll; of which Walter Grubb, Esquire, had'Fifty-five Voices, John Meilvwin, Esquire, Thirty-six, and Sir Tho. Fowles Twenty-three; whereby the said Walter Grubb and John Metlmin were duly elected, and ought to have been returned by Indenture under the Common Seal; yet, notwithstanding, Richard Hiller, present Mayor, took upon himself privately, without the Common Seal (according to constant Usage), but by his own Seal, to make a Return as the Act and Deecl of the Burgesses: And, to countenance such his Proceedings, adjourned the Poll, and caused Eight Persons, who were elected Burgesses by virtue of the new Charter of the late King James, and were not living in the Town, and had no Right of Election, to be polled for the said Sir Thomas Fowle; and notwithstanding the Majority were for Mr. Gnibb and Mr. , yet

the said Mayor hath returned Sir Thomas though

unduly elected: And praying, That the Merits of the Election may be examined, and the Right of Election preserved, as it ought to be.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Vincent, Esquire, was read; thereby setting forth, That, Twenty-sixth of February, the Election for Burgesses was had at Rygate in the County of Surrey; where the Petitioner was duly elected one of the Burgesses: notwithstanding, Parsons, by illegal Practices, hath prevailed with Allen Dewdny, the Bailiff of the Borough, to return him, with Sir John Parsons his father, though unduly elected;

Vo*.. X,

whereby the Petitioner is-deprived of his Right of sitting in this House: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House*

A Petition of Sir Rich. A thy ns, and others, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the ancient Borough of was

read; whereby setting forth, That, Nineteenth February,. being the Day of Election for the said Borough, the Petitioner Sir Rich. Atkins and Sir Peter Tyrrell were duly elected by the Majority of Voices; yet, notwithstanding, the Bailiff hath returned Sir Rich. Temple, and Denton, Esquire, in Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Bucks was read; thereby setting forth, That the Petitioners, and others, being Householders and Inhabitants of the said Borough, in pursuance of their Right, were present at the Election there, Nineteenth February last; and then tendered their Voices to be taken; and demanded a Poll of the Bailiff, but were refused the same; w ho confined the Election to himself, and Twelve capital Burgesses, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, That the Petitioners Right may be preserved; and the said Election may be made void; and a new' one granted, wherein the Petitioners may be allowed their Voices.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that the Matter of the said Petition be heard, together with the Matter of the Petition of Sir Rich. Atkyns and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said Borough of Buckingham.

A Petition of John Mitchell, Esquire, was read; there-

by setting forth, That, on the Twenty-eighth February last, Mr. Serjeant Thurbarneand the Petitioner were duly elected Barons for the Town and Port of by

the Majority of duly qualified Voters; yet, that Mr. Brent (who procured many of his Votes by Bribery, Threats, and other undue Practices) hath procured himself to be returned, to the Injury of the Petitioner: And praying, that the Name of the said Mr. Brent may be taken out of the Return, and the Petitioner be restored to his Right.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Fawkes, Esquire, was read; thereby setting forth, That, at the Election for Burgesses for the Borough of Knaresborough in the County of Yorke, Wtn. Stockdale, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were unanimously elected; and accordingly the Bailiff made his Return; but the Bailiff, though the Petitioner was duly chosen, and by the Return expressed to be elected " instant' major' partem Biirgentium;" yet, afterwards, contrary to his Duty, he made another Return of Wm. Stockdale, and Henry Slingsby, wherein those-Words are omitted: And praying, that the Petitioner may be the other Sitting Member, being duly chosen, as aforesaid, by the Majority of the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition

Buckingham

Election.

Ditto.

Sandwich

Election*

Knare*-

borough

Election

Plimpton

Election.

Bridport

Election.

Ditto.

Bristol!

Election.

35$ 24* Martii. . 1689.

A Petition of the May of, Bailiff, 8$c. of the Borough of Plimpton in the County of Devon, was read; setting forth, That, notwithstanding one of the Petitioners, the Mayor of Plimpton, was duly chosen, sworn, and admitted into the said Office; but that no Precept was (as it ought) delivered to him, but surreptitiously gotten by Mr. Stroude, and delivered by him to one Avent, who

was no ways interested or concerned in the said Borough: And yet, on the Eleventh March last, he came into the Borough and there published the said Mr. Stroude and Geo. Parker Burgesses for the Borough, without the Consent of the Petitioners, who are free Burgesses thereof; and hath prevailed with the Sheriff to make his Return according .: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fSir

tellers for the X eas, jSir Jojm Guis

Tellers for the Noes /Sir JoKPh

letters for the Noes, E(Jwa

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said. Petition be heard at the Bar upon This-day-three-weeks: At which time all Parties concerned are to attend.

} 174. 1168.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Electors of the Borough of Bridport in the County of was

read; thereby setting forth, That the Bailiff, having the Custody of the Precept, did on the Twenty-seventh February last, give Notice, and, on the next Day, proceeded to Election; and, without regard to the ancient Custom thereof, polled, asElectors, several Persons not Inhabitants, and others who are Inhabitants and not Householders, as also others who receive Alms, in Violation to their ancient Custom: And thereupon have returned John Mitchell, and Steven Evans, Esquires, as duly elected; notwithstanding the said John Mitchell, and John Manley senior, were duly elected by the Majority of qualified Voters: And praying a Short Day to have such their Complaint heard at the Bar of the House; and that their ancient Privileges might be continued.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Manley senior, Esquire, was read; thereby setting forth, That the Petitioner, and John Mitchell, Esquire, were duly elected for the Borough of Bridport by the Majority of the Inhabitants thereof; yet the Bailiff hath unjustly returned the said Mr. Mitchell, and Stephen Evans, to serve in this, present Parliament for the said Borough: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House, with their Opinions therein.

A Petition of JVm.Powlett, Serjeant at Law, and Robert Vote, Merchant, was read; thereby setting forth, That, at the Election for Citizens for Bristoll, Twenty-fourth of February last, divers indirect Means were used; and many Persons who had Right to vote, were prevented voting for the Petitioners; and others admitted for Sir Rich. Hart, and Sir John Knight, who had no Right to poll; but, notwithstanding the Sheriffs returned the said Sir Rich. Hart, and Sir John Knight, in Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying the Relief of the Premises from this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Guy, Esquire, was read; thereby Tamwortfi setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected for the Election. Borough of Tamxcorth; but the Bailiff, by divers undue Practices, declared Sir Henry Gough to be duly elected, though the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes; and hath since returned him, with Mr. in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Webb, Esquire, was read; there- Wooto* by setting forth, That the Petitioner, notwithstanding the Rassett indirect Practices of Arthur Brinsden, Mayor of Wooton Election*

Basset, and John Wilkins, Town Clerk, was duly elected there; but notwithstanding, the said Mayor hath returned John Wildman, and Henry St. John, Esquires, though,

the said Henry St. John was not duly elected: And praying a speedy Day for the hearing the said Cause; and to have Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Farrington, Esquire, was read; Chichester thereby setting forth, That after the Teste of the Writ, £'lectuw" and before the Election at Chichester in the County of Sussex, for Members to serve in this present Parliament, several Briberies and ill Practices were there used to procure Votes for Sir Tho. Miller, and Tho. May, Esquire; and to deter others from voting for the Petitioner; notwithstanding which, the Petitioner, and John Braman,

Esquire, were duly elected by a Majority of Votes; and yet the Petitioner is not returned for one of the said Citizens: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Braman, Gentleman, was read; Ditto, thereby setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected one of the Citizens for the City of Chichester by the Majority of qualified Voices; notwithstanding which, John Clowsley, Esquire, the present Mayor, by Combination with Sir Tho. Miller, and Tho. May, Esquire, and others, hath illegally returned them, though not duly chosen, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Tho. Jervaise, and Oliver Cromwell, Limmingto* Esquires, was read; thereby setting forth, That they EleciionT were duly elected Burgesses for Limmingtoin the County of Southampton; yet the Mayor, contrary to all Justice,

hath returned Thomas Dore, and John Burradd, Esquires, in Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

APetition o ffit tonGerrard and Francis Lloyd, Esquires, Ludlow was read; thereby setting forth, That the Town of Lud- Election. -loro, being a Borough by Prescription, was incorporated by Edw. the Fourth, in the First Year of his Reign:

And that the late Chancellor Jeff ryes, when Chief Justice of Chester, extorted a Surrender from the said Town of all its Powers of electing Bailiffs, Aldermen, and all other subordinate Officers, down to the very Attornies of the Town Court; which Surrender was acknowledged and

inrolled

Colchester

Election.

Committee of Privileges.

Dorchester

Election.

Coventry

Election.

jW.^M. 24° Ma353

inrolled by one Cole as Head Bailiff of the said Town, though he was then out of Office, and another sworn in his Place: Whereupon the late King James incorporated the said Town by the Name of Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Councilmen (when as before it was incorporated by the Name of Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty), with a Reservation of a Power to remove such Officers at Pleasure; and Confining the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament to a select Number of Twelve Aldermen, and Twenty-five Common Councilmen, contrary to all former Custom: And that the said late King, in order to restore the Town to its ancient Privileges, removed the Mayor, and all other the Members and Officers of this new Corporation: But nevertheless Mr. Francis Charlton assumes the Mayorship, by Colour of the new Charter, though dissolved; and, by Combination with the present Sheriff, having the Precept directed to him, proceeded to an Election by the new Corporation Men, and about Twenty-eight new Burgesses, made by virtue of the new Charter about the last Prorogation; and hath returned his own Brother-in-law Tho. Esquire, and

Gower, Esquire, as Members; though the Petitioners at the same Day were fairly chosen before the Bailiffs by an unanimous Consent of Voices, who were qualified by the ancient Charter: And the Bailiffs have made a Return by Indenture to the Sheriff; who refused to accept thereof; but took the same, and tore it: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Isaac Rebow, Esquire, w’as read; setting forth, Tfiat he was duly elected Burgess for the Borough of Colchester, by the Majority of legal Voters; but that, notwithstanding, John Potter, Mayor of the said Borough, hath returned Eduard Cary, and Samucll Esquires, as Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Sitting of the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned until Wednesday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of Thomas Trenchard, Esquire, was read; thereby setting forth, That the Petitioner, with Janies Gould, Esquire, were duly elected Burgesses for Dorchester, by the Majority of legal Voices; but that the Mayor of the said Borough hath unduly returned Sir Robert Nappier, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

u

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Gery, Esquire, was read; thereby setting forth, That the Petitioner, Rich. Hopkins, and John Stratford, Esquires, stood Candidates for the Election of Citizens for Coventry; where the Petitioner polled several Hundreds of Voters; and had several Hundreds to poll; but was denied by the Sheriff so to do; who, with great Partiality, and ill Practices, procured Voters for Mr. Hopkins, and Mr. Stratford; otherwise the Petitioner had had the Majority of Voices: But the Sheriff, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, hath returned the said Mr. Hopkins, and Mr. Stratford: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Vol. X.

A Petition of John Manley, Esquire, junior, was read; Truro* thereby setting forth. That the Petitioner is duly elected Election: a Burgess for Truroe in the county of ; but that

one Robert Averye, pretending to be the Mayor, having gotten the Precept, executed the same without giving any publick Notice thereof; notwithstanding which the Petitioner had the Majority of Voices: But yet the Mayor hath returned Sir Hen. Ashurst, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying a Day to be heard upon the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of George Booth, and Arthur Bayley, Es- Dartmouth quires, was read; thereby setting forth, That the Peti- Elec, ion‘ tioners were duly elected for the Town of Dartmouth in the County of Devon; notwithstanding which, the Bailiff of the said Town hath returned Joseph Heiron and

Hayne, Esquires: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the saitie, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of JlettrySlingsby, Esquire, was read; thereby Portsmouth

setting forth, That Nicholas Hedger, Mayor £lectioa'

upon Pretence of having surrepdered his Office (which he could not legally do), and by undue Means, caused himself to be returned \yith the honourable Edward Russell,

Esquire, notwithstanding ,he is still the legal Mayor of the Town, in Prejudice to the said Petitioner, who had the Majority of legal Voices: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition ..... of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Tauntob the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ* chusing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Taunton in the County of Somersett, in the room of Sir IVm. Portman, deceased.

A Petition of Sir Edward Turner, Knight, was read; Aidborough thereby setting forth, That, on the One-and-twentieth Election.

Februarii, the Petitioner Sir Henry Johnson, and JVm:

Johnson, Esquire, stood Candidates to be elected; where the Petitioner had much the greater Number of Persons who had Right to give their Votes, than were polled for the said JVm Johnson; and therefore ought to have been returned with Sir Henry Johnson: But the Bailiff of the Borough of Aidborough (the Place for which the Election was), in Prejudice to the Petitioner, hath returned the said Sir Henry and JVm. Johnson: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, w'ith their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Freemen and Inhabitants of the Bo- Ditto: rough of Aidborough in the County of Suffolke, tvas read; thereby setting forth, That the Petitioners, on the One-and-twentieth February last, met, in order to make an Election for Burgesses of the said Borough: And a Poll being demanded, there appeared to be Twenty-six of the Freemen and Inhabitants for the said Sir Edw. Turner, as appears by the Poll; and for Mr. JVm. Johnson but Fourteen only, who have the Right of Election: And thereupon Sir Henry and Wm. Johnson brought in out of the Country several Gentlemen, Farmers, and others, to the Number of Twenty-five, not inhabiting within the Borough, nor paying Scotland Lot, nor bearing any Charge

4 U of

Warwick

Election.

Winston Election.

Well*

Election.

Ditto.

Burrow-

bridge

Election.

24° — -25° Martii.

A. 1690.

354

of the Corporation; being lately made free, contrary to the Usage and Custom of the Borough, by the Procurement of one Alderman Bence, purposely to assist him in that Election; by which means the Petitioners Rights of Election are destroyed; and they debarred of their Freedoms therein: And praying, that the sard Sir Edward Turner, who was duly elected^ may be admitted to sit in the Parliament

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections f Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard and James Booth, Esquires, was read; thereby setting forth, That the Petitioners were duly elected for the Town and Borough of Warwick by the Majority of the Freemen and Housholders of the said Town: But the Mayor, by indirect Means, refusing divers to poll, that tendered themselves so to do for the Petitioners, hath returned the honourable William Lord Digby, and Win. Colemore, Esquire, in Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying the y may be admitted into this honourable House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Morley, Esquire, was read; thereby setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected for the City of Winton by the Majority of legal Voices: Yet, by indirect Practices, Wm. Lord and Fre-

drick Tiltiey, Esquire, were returned by the Mayor of the said City, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, and Injury of the Electors: And praying the Consideration of the House, and a Short Day for Hearing of the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Coward, Esquire, was read; thereby setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected for the City or Borough of Wells by the Majority of legal Voters; and ought to have been returned: Yet, that, notwithstanding, Mr. John Davis, Mayor there, hath returned Edward Berkely, and Hopton Esquires, contrary to the Duty of his Place, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, and Rights of the Burgesses, and Freemen and Inhabitants of the said City: And praying a Short Day to be heard in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report their Opinions therein to the House.

A Petition of Raul Gallop and others, the Majority of the Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants of the City or Borough of Wells, was read; thereby setting forth, That the Petitioners, and above One hundred and Forty more of the Burgesses and legal Voters of the said Borough, did duly elect Wm. Coward, Esquire, and John Hall, Esquire, at the last Election there; who ought to have been returned: Yet, that, notwithstanding, the Mayor, contrary to his Duty, hath returned and

HoptonWyndham, Esquires: Whereas Mr. Berkely had not above One hundred, and Mr. Wyndham not above Eighty legal Voices: Which said Proceedings of the Mayor are illegal; and tend to the Violation of the Liberties of the said Borough, and of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Bryan Stapleton, Baronet, was read; thereby setting forth, That he was duly elected for the Borough of Btirrou'bridge by the Majority of Voices:

14

Yet Sir Christopher Wandesford, Baronet, the present

High Sheriff, hath returned Sir Christopher Vane as elected, in the Place of the Petitioner, by directing the Precept to an illegal Bailiff of the said Borough, who suffered many to poll, who were not qualified so to do; and returned the Indenture, notwithstanding the Majority of the legal Voters protested against the same: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Arthur Sha Merchant, was read; thereby setting forth. That the Petitioner, with Sir Cha. Windham, were duly elected for the Town and County of Southampton; notwithstanding, one Robert the Sheriff, hath returned Sir Benjamin Newland one of the Burgesses, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Resolved, &c. That this House will begin to sit every Morning at Nine of the Clock: And that no new Motion be made after One of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Mompesson, and Mr. Okeden, do attend in their Places Tomorrow Morning: And that they be enjoined not to prosecute the Quarrel between them the mean time.

And then the House adjourned until Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House met, in order to go to Whitehall, to atr tend his Majesty.

And then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 25* d Martii; 2® Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Thomas Skynner, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, with Colonel Earle, were duly elected Burgesses, by the Majority of the Poll, for the Borough of in the County of

Dorsett; but that yet, notwithstanding, the present Mayor hath made a Return of Mr. Okeden, and the said Colonel Earle, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying that he may be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred unto the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had (with the House) attended his Majesty Yesterday; and presented to him the Resolutions of the House: And that his Majesty was pleased to express himself to this Effect;

Gentlemen,

I thank ,you for your Address, and for your Resolution to assist and support Me: And as I have ventured my Life for the Nation, so I am resolved always to do.

I hope you will take my Speech into your speedy Consideration; and that this may be a happy Session.

A Petition of Sir James Forbes, and Esquire, was read; setting forth, That, on the Eleventh

Instant,

Southampton

Election.

Sitting of the House &c.

House interpose to prevent a Quarrel.

House attends the King.

Wareham

Election.

Answer to Address, and Resolutions.

Newtowne

Election.

2

C re at Marlow Return amended.

TTfirt^ord

Election*

Highways and Streets*

House interpose to prevent a Quarrel.

W. & M. Martii. 355

Instant, they the Petitioners were duly elected Burgesses by the Majority of those that had a Right to vote for the Borough of Neniomie in Lancashire., and ought to have been returned; but that Mr. W Wood the Steward, and

Tho. Stirrop the Bailiff, have unduly returned Sir John Chichley and Geo. Cholmondley, Esquire, in Wrong to the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The House being informed, that the Clerk of the Crown attended at the Door, according to their Order, to give an Account of his Return touching Great low;

He was called in; and came up to the Table: Where he gave the House an Account touching his making the said Return: And afterwards, according to the Order of the House, he did, at the Table, take off the File the Indenture, by which Mr. Bucknall was returned a Burgess for the said Borough.

A Petition of the Inliabitants of the Borough of Hartford, was read; setting forth, That the Borough is a Borough by Prescription; and, before any Charter, sent Members to Parliament elected by the Inhabitants not taking Alms: That, in 1681, the Mayor, and some of the Corporation, granted Freedoms to great Numbers of Clergymen, and others, living remote, in order to out-; weigh the Inhabitants and legal Votes of the said Borough: And that, at the last Election, many of the said honorary Freemen were notwithstanding Exceptions taken to them by the Inhabitants, admitted to poll by the present Mayor; by reason of which he hath returned Sir Wm. Cooper, and Sir Wm. Lemon, whenas the Majority of such the Inhabitants were for Sir Tho. Byde, who ought to have been returned in the room of Sir Wm. Lemon; whereby the Petitioners are now unduly represented; and are likely to lose their ancieut Privilege of electing Representatives to serve in this present Parliament: And praying the said undue Return may be taken into the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Repair of Highways and Streets.

And it is recommended to Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Mr.

Bttscawen, Mr. Bouycr, Sir Kdm. Jennings, Sir Tho.

Clarges, Sir Wm.Poullney, and all the Members that serve

for the City of London and Westminster, County of Middlesex, and Borough of Southwto take care of the Bill

Then the House took into Examination the Quarrel between Sir Tho. Mompesson and Mr. Okeden.

And Mr. Okeden complained, That Sir Thomas Mompesson had assaulted him in the Lobby belonging to this House: And that Mr. Pyper, and Colonel Members of the House, and the Serjeant at Arms, and the Doorkeepers, could give an Account thereof.

Whereupon Mr. Pyper, and Colonel Trelazcny, did give the House an Account of what they had to say touching the said Matter: And

It was Resolved, That the Serjeant and Officers without Doors be examined touching the same.

And the Serjeant was examined: And also one of the Doorkeepers was called in; and, at the Bar, examined accordingly.

And Colonel Trelawny informing the House, That he had heard Mr. Ash, another Member of the House, say, That he knew something touching the Assault; and acquainting the House therewith;

Vo I.. X.

It was also Resolved, That Mr. Ash be now desired to give an Account of what he knows of the Matter.

And he did give an Account accordingly.

Whereupon there being some Difference between Colonel Trelawny and Mr. Ash, upon their Evidence, in Relating of the Matter; and the House fearing some Inconveniences might, by reason thereof, ensue between them;

It is Resolved, That Colonel Trelawny, and Mr. Ash, do not take Notice of what was said between each other, upon their Evidence, touching the said Matter.

And the House required the same of them; and enjoined them to pass their Honours to the House, That they would not.

Which they did respectively do, accordingly.

After which, Sir Thomas Mompesson asked the Pardon of the House.

And then he and Mr. Okeden withdrew. And the Matter between them was debated in the House.

Resolved, That Sir Tho. Mompesson do in his Place, ask the Pardon of Mr. Okeden.

Whereupon they were both called into the House again: and Mr. Speaker acquainted Sir Tho, Mompesson, That the House had considered, that he was an ancient Member; and therefore were very indulgent to him by their Resolution: Which he acquainted him with; and required him to ask Pardon accordingly.

Which he did do.

A Petition of Humphry Courtney, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That he was duly elected to serve for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall: But that, nevertheless, the Portreve hath returned Rowe,

Esquire, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And for that the said Mr. Roue is an utter Stranger to the said Borough, and not known by any of the Electors; but procured his Voices by Bribery; and having dispersed divers scandalous Libels, reflecting upon several Members of the last House of Commons, for their Votes therein; and praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Harley, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That he was duly elected for the Borough of Nac Radnor, by the Majority of those that had a Right to vote: Yet that the Bailiff hath returned Sir Rowl. Gwynne, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Nicholas, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, with Thomas Windham, Esquire, were duly elected for the Borough of Wilton in the County of Wilts, by the Majority of duly qualified, Electors: And yet John Toogood, the Mayor, by indirect Practices, hath returned Sir Rich. Grubham How, Baronet, instead of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

t O

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Mordaunt, and John WUdman, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were duly elected for the Borough of St. in the County of Sufj'olke, by the Majority of the Burgesses and Freemen of the said Borough; who demanded of the Alderman (being the Chief Officer) to return the Indenture: but he refused so to do; but withdrew, with some few of the Burgesses; and caused the said Precept to be rased, and the Freemch expunged; and privately made a pretended Election of Sir Rob. Daverse and Hen. Goldwell, Esquire;

Mitchell

Election*

New Radnor Election.

Wilton

Election.

St Edmond's bury Election.

Preston

Election.

Privilege-Detention of a Member by arrest.

Great Mar-' low Election.

Debtors

lUlief.

3 56 150 — 26*

1690.

and Caused them to be returned: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that the Petitioners might be admitted to serve for the said Borough.

Ordered \That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And then the House, upon the Question put, adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° Martii;

Anno Gulielmi et Marias Praters.

A Petition of Thomas Patton, Esquire, was read; thereby setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess for the Borough of Preston in the County Palatine of Lancaster: Yet the Mayor, Bailiffs, and several of the Burgesses (to whom the Precept was directed), by undue Practices, have returned the honourable the Lord Willoughby of Eresby, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Wm. Mountague, Esquire, was read;

thereby setting forth, That he is elected and returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbt'idge in the County of Southampton, as by the Re-

cords in the Crown Office appears: But, being in Execution in the Custody of the Marshal of the King’s Bench at the Time of the Election, the Marshal scruples to give him the Liberty he ought to have by Privilege of Parliament, to attend his Duty there: And, in regard therefore, that by Law, notwithstanding such his Execution, he is a Person eligible to serve in Parliament, and is so elected; he prayed, that his Privilege of Parliament may be allowed so long as it continues; and he be enlarged, to attend his Service in the House.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and search for Precedents; and make their Report thereof to the House.

And it is referred unto Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir R Cotton, Mr

Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Sir Rich.

Reignolds, Sir John Lowther, Major Perry, Sir Tem-

ple, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr.

Mr. Cogttisby, Mr. Cha. Mountague, Colonel Austen, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. Bawyer, Mr. Finch, Mr. Arnold, Sir Walter Young, Mr. England, SirSamuell Bernadiston, Mr. Sherrard: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, in order to search for Precedents, as aforesaid.

A Petition of Ralph Bucknall, Esquire, was read; thereby setting forth. That James Chace, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were duly elected for the Borough of Great Marlow, by the Majority of such Inhabitants as have Right to vote; and an Indenture of Return signed and sealed by the Constables (the proper Officers of the Borough), and the said Inhabitants: After which, one of the Constables was called out of the Bed; and prevailed on to sign and seal another Indenture, with the other Constable; wherein Mr. Chace and Sir Wm. were returned;

which First Indenture was delivered to the High Sheriff, and a Counter-part thereof by him signed and sealed: But the Indenture was not delivered into the Crown Office at the same time with the other Indenture, to the great Wrong of your Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners.

A PETITION of several of the Creditors of George Duke of late Duke of Buckingham, deceased, on the Behalf Bucking-of Themselves, and the rest of the Creditors, was read; ham's Estate, thereby setting forth, That, without the Assistance and Favour of this House, the Petitioners are likely to be deprived of their just Debts owing from the said Duke:

And praying that they may have Leave to bring in a Bill for the better enabling the Trustees of the said Duke for the Sale of the several Lands and Tenements settled on the said Trustees, for the Payment of his just Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That a Table of Fees for the Officers of the Fees of House be prepared and presented to the House. the Hou«

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to erect Southwark* a Court of Conscience for the Borough of and Court of

Parishes within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, in the Conscience. County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Westminster, erecting Courts of Conscience in the City of Courts of

and Liberties thereof; and for the Tower Hamlets, and Conscience. Out Parishes, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Middlesex.

A Petition of John Wolstenholme, Esquire, was read; wolsten-

thereby setting forth, That the Petitioner’s Father settled fcolme'* divers Manors and Lands, of about Two thousand Pounds ^utf* per Annum, in the Counties of Middlesex, Northampton,

Lincolne, and Yorke, upon himself for Life; after, for the Petitioner for Life; and after, to his First and other Sons on his Wife to be begotten, in Consideration of whose Marriage the Settlement was made: That the Petitioner hath Four Sons; and Four Daughters; the eldest Son being about Fourteen Years of Age: That, before the Settlement, divers of the Lands settled were in Mortgage for Five thousand Pounds; and the Petitioner’s Father, by reason of the late Times, became much in Debt, for which the Petitioner was engaged, to prevent his ruin; the which Debts he is no ways able to pay, but by Sale of some Part of the settled Premises: And for that the Petitioner’s Wife, her Trustee, the Petitioner’s Relations and Brothers, to whom the Lands are settled in Remainder, being deeply sensible of the Petitioner’s Condition, are consenting, that a Parcel of Lands, called the Frith, and several Closes near Boston in the County of Lincolne, Should be sold, for the Payment of the said Debts, and praying Leave to bring in a Bill for enabling the Sale of the said Lands, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Then the Order of Saturday last, for taking his Ma- Supply, jesty’s gracious Speech into Consideration this Day, was read.

And Mr. Speaker read his Majesty’s Speech to the House.

And a Motion being made for a Supply to be given to their Majesties;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee oi the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

And then the House, upon the Question put, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

jW.tfM. 27° — 28° Martii.

357

Harwich

Election.

Lewknor's Wife's illegitimate Children.

Chester

Election.

Devisees

Writ.

Southwark e

Election.

Jervis, 27* die Martii;

2° Gulielmi et Marite.

Prayers.

AP ET ITIO N of Sir Philip Parker, Baronet, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and Sir Thomas Middleton, were duly elected for the Borough of

Hancich in the County of Essex; notwithstanding many indirect Practices were used by the Mayor there, to prevent the Petitioner's Election; who, in Prejudice to, and in the stead of the Petitioner, hath returned the Lord Viscount Chene to serve for the said Borough: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to illegitimate any Child or Children that the Wife of John Leu'knor. Esquire, hath had, or shall have, during her Elopement from him.

A Petition of Roger Whitley and George Esquires, was read; thereby setting forth, That they were, and stand, duly elected for the City and County of the City of Chester, by the major Part of the legal Electors there: But that the Sheriffs not joining in the Return, though Mr. Batho' was willing (being one of the said Sheriffs) so to do; and tendered an Indenture, signed by him and the Electors, for that Purpose, to Mr. Partington, the other Sheriff, who refused to join therein; but to the apparent Prejudice of the Petitioners, hath returned Sir Thomas Grosvenor, and Rich. Esquire, by ano-

ther Indenture, without the other Sheriffs joining the rein, and without their being duly chosen: And praying the Consideration of the Premises, that the Invalidity of the said pretended Return may be examined, and the Petitioners relieved.

Ordered, r\hat the Consideration of the said Petition "be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

-A Petition of John Met hum, Esquire, was read; thereby setting forth, That the Petitioner, with Walter Grubb, - Esquire, were duly elected for the Borough of the Devi' sees; and ought to have been returned by the Mayor and Burgesses: But that the Mayor hath taken upon himself alone, contrary to the Custom of the Borough, to return 'Sir Tho. Fm-les, and the said Mr. by reason

whereof, there being now a Double Return for the said Borough, the Petitioner is hindred from sitting in this -House: And praying to be relieved; and that the Merits of the Return may be heard, and examined into, together.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition fbereferred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the Aflame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Peter Rich and Tho. Cooke, Esquire,

was read; thereby setting forth, That the Petitioners standing Candidates in the Borough of Soiithzvarke, with Anthony Bowyer. and John Arnold, Esquires, the Peti-f tioners agreed to several Articles for taking the Poll, not ' heretofore used, in hopes it might produce a peaceable Effect: But that, contrary thereunto, divers of the Peti- tioners Pollers were beaten and wounded* and several kept .’from the Poll Table, by indirect Practices, that would have polled for the Petitioners: And upon the Coming- up of a Party of Three hundred eminent Traders, that would have so voted, one of the Candidates, with one Bellamy, iell into great Shouts and Hallowings, assisted - with the Constables therein, crying, " No Papists, no King James's Men, no Criminal, no Evidence;" conti-

nuing the Uproar to such a Degree, that the Bailiff was -Vol. X.

constrained to adjourn the Poll till the next Day; whereby most of those Persons were unpolled, and were fearful of coming again, by reason of the Rudeness they had met with; by which means also many Hundreds are yet unpolled for the Petitioners, and as many polled on the other Side, who had no Right: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that a Short Day may be appointed to hear the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Then the House, according to their Order Yesterday, Supply, resolved intp a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a Motion then made for a Supply to be given to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That Mr. Hamden, Chancellor of the Exchequer, do take the Chair of the Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had agreed upon a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be given to their Majesties, to enable his Majesty to prosecute the War against France, and for reducing of Ireland, with Speed and Vigour.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Netnine contradicente. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be given to their Majesties, to enable his Majesty ito prosecute the War against France, and for Reducing of Ireland, with Speed and Vigour.

Then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer further acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That the Committee may sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Matter aforesaid.

And then the House, upon the Question put, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris,28* die Martii;

2* Gulielmi et Manse.

1 Prayers.

A PETITION of Thotnas Babington, Esquire,.was Leicester read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly Election, elected a Burgess for the Borough of Leicester, by the Majority of those Persons who had a legal Right to vote; and ought to have been returned: But several undue Practices being made use of at the said Election, Sir and Laurence Carter, were returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

4 X Ordered,

Ordered, That Sir Jos. Williamson, Mr. Mansell, Mar- Privilege, quis of Worcester, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Cha.

Bloys, Sir John Thomson, Sir John be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of Wm. Montague,

Esquire, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Greenfeildhave Leave to go into Leave of . the Country upon earnest Occasions, for Ten Days. Absence.

358 28° Martii. . 1690.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Puke of A Bill for the better enabling the Trustees of the late

Bucking- Duke of Bucks to sell his Estate, to pay his Debts, was ham s Estate. piesentcci to the House, and received.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Paper Ma- A Petition of the Governor and Company of White nulacture. Paper Makers, was read; thereby setting forth, That the Petitioners, by virtue of a Charter granted to them for their sole making of all Sorts of White Writing and Printing Paper, have, with great Charge, purchased and erected divers Mills, and have fully brought the Manufacture to Perfection; notwithstanding the very great Oppositions of the French King and his Agents: and the Petitioners, being willing to establish the same in all Parts of this Kingdom (which cannot effectually be done, but by the Assistance of an Act of Parliament), and praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the encouraging and better establishing the said Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the encouraging and better establishing the Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom.

Goods dis- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to trained f0r enable the Sale of Goods distrained for Relit, if the Relit be not paid in some reasonable Time.

And the said Bill was presented to the House; and received.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Southwarke A Bill to erect a Court of Conscience for the Borough Conscience Southxvarke, and Parishes within the Weekly Bills of 1 Mortality in the County of Surrey, was presented to the

House; and received.

Lewknor’s A Bill to illegitimate any Child or Children, which the bniate cLif* of John Lewknor, Esquire, hath had, or shall have, dr«n. " during her Elopement from him, was presented to the House; and received.

Cinque Torts A Bill to regulate Elections of Members to serve in

Elections. Parliament for the Cinque Ports, was presented to the House; and received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Printing the Ordered, That the Votes of this House, from the Bc-

Votes. ginning of this Session to the End thereof, be printed: And that Mr. Speaker do peruse them.; and appoint the Printing thereof: And that no Person do presume to print the same, but such as are appointed by him.

Thetford A Petition of Wm. Esquire, and Sir Fra.

Election. Guibon, was read; setting forth, That they were duly chosenBurgesses for the Borough of the County of Norfolke; and an Indenture thereof made by Edmund Roswell, the law ful Mayor, by virtue of the Old Charter: But that one Tyrrell, the Mayor, by virtue of the New Charter, upon the Surrender, having gotten the Precept into his Custody, has made an Indenture and Return of Sii Jos. Williamson, and Adam. Felton, Esquire, though not

duly chosen: That the Sheriff of the County has made a Double Return of both Indentures, in Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying, That the Merits of the Election, and Return, may be heard together; and determined by this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee- of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof: and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Hooper and Tho. Dore, Esquire,

was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were duly Christ elected by the Majority of qualified Voices, for the Bo- Church rough of Christ Church, in the County of Southampton: ^ction* notwithstanding which, John Stevens, Gentleman, now Mayor of the Borough, has illegally returned Etterick, and Fra. Gwyn, Esquire: And praying the Consideration and Reliet of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to na- Doryes’, &c. turalize John Doryes, and others. Nat.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Westminster the paving and cleansing the Streets within the City and &c* Stre«t8» Liberty of Westminster, and the Out Parishes in the County of Middlesex, and Borough of , within

the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for regulating the Hay Market at CharcingCrosse, in the Parish of

Martins Westminster'.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clarges and Sir Tho. - Highways

® and StieeUt.

Then the Order of Yesterday, for the House to resolve Supply, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be given to their Majesties, was read.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, That they do consider of the settling the Revenue upon their Majesties.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole ..... accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reports from the Committee of the w hole House, That they had taken into Consideration the Supply, and the settling the Revenue upon their Majesties; and that they had agreed upon Four several Resolutions: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the hereditary Revenues which the late King.A/»iM the Second w’as, the Tenth Day of December l bb8, intitled unto, became and are vested in their present Majesties King William and Queen Mary, in Right of the Crown of England;except the late Revenue arising by Fire

Hearths and Stoves.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill to declare that the said Revenues are so vested; and that therein Provision be made, that they shall not be aliened from the Crown, nor chargeable with any Gilt or Grant to be made for the future.

Resolved, &c. That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the settling that Moiety of the Excise which was granted to the late King Charles the Second, and King James the Second, or either of them, for their Lives, upon their present Majesties King William and Queen Mary for their Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them; with a Clause to enable their Majesties to make the said Revenue a Security for raising Money towards a Supply, not exceeding the Sum of # *

Resolved, &c. That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill to grant to their present Majesties King William and Queen Mary, for the Term of Lour Years from Christmas next, the Customs which were granted to the late King Charles the Second, and King James the Second, for their Lives; with a Clause, to enable their Majesties to make the said Revenue a Security for raising Money towards a Supply, not exceeding the Sum of *#*.-.

The

tleton, be added to the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for Paving and Repair of Highways and Streets.

Leave for

Member to attend Lords.

Paper

Manufacture.

Denbeigh

Election*

2 W. M. .28° — 29° Martii. 359

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, that the Hereditary Revenues which the late King James the Second was, the Tenth Day of December 1688, intitled unto, became and are vested in their present Majesties King William and Queen Mari), in Right of the Crown of England; except the late Revenue arising by Fire Hearths and Stoves.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That a Rill be brought in to declare, That the said Revenues are so vested; and that therein Provision be made, that they shall not be aliened from the Crown, nor chargeable with any Gilt or Grant to be made for the future.

The Third of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That a Bill be brought in for the settling that Moiety of the Excise which was granted to the late King Charles the Second, and King James the Second, or either of them, for their Lives, upon their present Majesties King William and Queen Mary, for their Lives, and the Life of the longest Liver of them; with a Clause, to enable their Majesties to make the said Revenue a Security for raising Money towards a Supply, not exceeding the Sum of *.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That a Bill be brought in to grant to their present Majesties King William and Queen Mary, for the Term of Four Years from Christmtis next, the Customs which were granted to the late King Charles the Second, and King James the Second, for their Lives; with a Clause, to enable their Majesties to make the said Revenue a Security for raising Money towards a Supply, not exceeding the Sum of #.

Then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That the said Committee may sit again Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the said Supply.

Resolved, That the House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Supply to be given to their Majesties.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between Roll and Gore.

the Polling of the Electors: And, to have Brevet on,

Esquire, returned, did admit great Numbers of Persons, so unqualified, to vote for the said Eduard Esquire; and have accordingly returned him, though'

William Williams, Esquire, was duly elected by the Majority of rightful Burgesses of the said Boroughs; and ought to have been returned.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Win.Williams, Esquire, v as read; TVnbwgh thereby setting forth, '1 hat, by divers Abuses, Bribes, Otction; Practices, and Menaces, Edward , Esquire, was

returned a Burgess for the Boroughs of Denbeigh, Ruthin, and Holt, by shomasHarper and Robert Knowles, who were not the legal Bailiffs for the said Borough of Denbeigh, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, w ho had the Majority of qualified Voices: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the I remises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereol; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Hutchins have Leave to Beave for attend the Lords, as Counsel in a Cause betw een Roll Member to and Gore.

attend Lord.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants importing trading into the Levant Seas was read; setting forth, thrown Silk. That a great Prejudice ariseth nut only to the Turkey Trade, hut to the Nation in general, by the Importation of Thrown Silk; w hereby there is a certain Loss of about Four Shillings in every Pound of Silk to the Poor, and the Hazard of the total Loss of the Trade of Throwing Silk in this Kingdom; the Act of Navigation, by the lute Quantities brought in from Holland, and other Places, being also eluded: And praying. That the Importation of Thrown Silk may be discouraged, either by laying a further Duty, or by such Methods as to the Wisdom of the House Should seem meet: And that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to that Effect.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly: And it is recommended to the Members that serve for the City of London, and Mr. Pap,/lion, and Sir Samutll Barnadiston, to prepare and bring in the Bill.

A Bill to enable the Sale of Goods distrained for Relit, Cowls dis-if the Relit be not paid in some reasonable 'lime, was trained for read the f irst time. ^euL

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

'And then the House ad journed till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 29* die Martii;

2* Gulielmi et Marise.

Praters.

ABIL L for the Encouragement and better establishing the Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom was presented to the House; and received; and laid upon the 'Fable.

A Petition of the Burgesses of the Boroughs of Denbeigh and Ruthin was read; setting forth, That the said Boroughs, and the Vill Holt, a small open Village, are the ancient and only Boroughs and Vill in the County, who have Right to elect a Member to serve for the Boroughs in the County: That the said Vill of Holt (though no Corporation) hath lately assumed the Power of making great Numbers of Foreigners, Burgesses of the Vill, to serve the Turns of some Persons to be elected; and, by Combination with otl lers, have joined with Thomas Harper, and Rob. Knowles of Denbeigh, arrogating to themselves Voe. X.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges pcvizres and Elections, the Case touching the Double Return lor Writ, the Borough of the Devizees in the County of viz.

That the Committee, upon Inspection of the Precept and both Returns, found,

That the Precept was directed by the Sheriff' to the Mayor of the Devizees:

That Sir Thomas Fort ies, and Waller Grubb, Esquire, are returned by the Mayor; but without any Burgesses joining in the Return:

That John Methwyn, Esquire, and Walter Grubb,

Esquire, are returned by several of the Burgesses without the Mayor.

And thereupon the Committee came to a Resolution:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was ‘ read; and is as lolloweth; viz.

Resolved, 'lhat it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Thomas Fowles, and Waller Grubb, Esquire, returned by the Mayor of the Devizees, are duly returned to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of the Devizees.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, 'l hat the House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Thomas Fowles, and Waller Grubb, Esquire,

returned

P

Lcgrands, See. Nat.

Supply Bill;

Hereditary

Revenue.

Bedford

Election.

Supply.

Plympton

Election.

Coventrye’*

luutc.

3 6b '!<)* — 31# Martii. 1690.

returned by the Mayor of the are duly returned

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of the Devizees.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend to amend the Return for the said Borough of the Devizees.

And the House being informed, that the Clerk was at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Table, amended the Return accordingly, by taking off the File the Indenture of Return of Mr. Grubb, and Mr. Methwen.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Afiles Cooke and Sir John Francklin;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Naturalizing of David Legrand, and others: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew’.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do prepare and bring in a Bill, or Bills, upon the Resolutions of the House Yesterday, touching the settling the Revenue upon their Majesties.

A Petition of Sir Wm. Francklin, Knight, was read; setting forth, That he was duly chosen and elected by the proper Officers of the Town and Borough of Bedford; and the Return being made to the High Sheriff, which he received and returned to the U nder Sheriff, with Orders, that he Should deliver the same, without any Alterations, to tire Clerk of the Crown: The which he carried to the Clerk's Office: But that, about the Nineteenth or Twentieth Instant, he went to the Clerk’s Office, and altered ’the Return, by tearing off the Indenture from the Precept, wherein your Petitioner was returned, and affixed another in the room thereof; whereby Mr. Christy, with Mr. Hillersdon, in Abuse to the Petitioner, and the said

Borough; whereupon a Double RetUrh is pretended purposely to delay the Petitioner for serving in this Flouse: And praying, That the said Under Sheriff, and the Clerk of the Crown, may shew Cause, Why the Return was altered; and that the Precept may be produced, and the Heturn of the Petitioner stand.,

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Chinmittee of Privileges and Elections: And they ... to examine the Matter thereof; and report their Opinions therein to the House;

The House divided.

Tdler, forth. Yea, }.89.

Tellers for the Noes, }

0 it was resolved in the Affirmative.

made for the Sale of the House late Mi*. Secretary Covent rye's in the Hay Market.

A Petition of the Royal Affrican Company of England, African was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by their Company, great Charge for many Years past, have preserved to this Nation the Trade in Aff'rica, from the Port of Sally to Cape de Bona Esperanza, under Letters Patents from the late King Charles the Second: But, Disputes arising relating to the Pow’ers given to the Petitioners thereby; whereby they are disturbed in their Trade, and must quit the same, unless those Disturbances are removed; and praying Leave to offer a Bill for the better securing to them the said Trade.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

A Petition of Sir Wm.Txcisden, Baronet, was read; New thereby setting forth, That the Petitioner, and John Romney Brewer, Esquire, were duly elected for the Port of Election. Romney in the County of Kent: Yet, notwithstanding,

Peter Lancaster, Esquire, Mayor of the said Port, hath returned Sir Cha.Sidley, though not duly elected, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Nathanaell Whcatly, and others, in Be- Banbury half of themselves, and others, the Freemen and Burgesses Election, of the Borough and Parish of Banbury, was read; setting forth, That, the Twenty-fourth of Flast, the Mayor gave Notice of the Election: At which time the Petitioners, to the Number of One hundred and Forty, did give their Votes for John Harries, Esquire: But the Mayor refused to admit them; whereupon they demanded a Phil, but was denied it: That then they executed an Indenture of Return of the said John Harries; but the Mayor refused to accept of it, but made a Return of Sir Robert Dashwood under the Common Seal, though elected but by Ten of the Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses; to the great Wrong of the Petitioners, and the Freemen of the said Borough: And praying the Redress of the House in the Premises; and that the Indenture, so returned by the Mayor, may be taken off from the Precept, and the Indenture executed by the Petitioners affixed thereto.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Supply to be given to their Majesties; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Town Books for the Borough of Plympton in the County of Devon, touching the Election of the Mayor, and other Officers for the said Borough, for the Years 1684, 85, 86,87, 88, and 1689, be pro-. dueed, upon the hearing the Matter touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, at the Bar of this House, on Monday the Fourteenth Day of April next

And then the House adjourned ‘dll Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna,31* Martii;

2* Gulielmi et Maria:.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to supply a Defect in an Act of the last Parliament, 17

A Bill for the more effectual Provision against Buying Selling and Selling of Offices, was presented to the House, and Offices, received; and laid upon the 'Fable.

A Bill for the better enabling the Trustees of the late Duke of Duke of Buckingham to sell several Lands and Tene- Bucking-ments, settled on them for Payment of his Debts, Was hiUn »Esut« read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the encouraging and better establishing the Paper Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom, was read Manufacture, the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Protections and written Certificates of the Members of this House be declared void in Law; and be forthwith withdrawn, and called in; and that none be granted for the future: And that, if any shall be granted by any Member, such Member shall be liable to the Censure of this House: And that the Privilege of Members for their menial Servants be observed according to Law: ' Add that if any menial Servant shall be arrested, and detained, contrary to Privilege, he shall, upon Complaint

thereof

Mem ben . Protection*!

Wols ten-

holme’s

Estate*

Aolnage

Duty.

Supply,

CammUtees.

St. Mawes Writ.

Hastings

jkaection.

2 W. 3 i ° Martiu — i0 dprilis. 361

thereof made unto the Speaker, be discharged by Order from him.

Ordered, That this be declared to be the standing Order of the House.

Ordered, That this Order be published, by setting up the same in the Lobby at the House Door, at Hall Gate, at the several Courts in Westminster Hall, and at the Inns of Courts and Inns of Chancery, and at the Royal Exchange: And that the Knights of the Shires do send Copies thereof to the Sheriffs of their respective Counties; and the Burgesses to their several Boroughs.

A Bill to enable John Wolstenholme, Esquire, to sell Lands to pay Debts, was presented to the House; and received; and laid upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for collecting the Duty of Aulnage at the Custom-house.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Supply to be given to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had not as yet come to any particular Resolution; and had directed him to move the House, That the Committee may sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Supply to be given to their Majesties; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, primo die;

2°Gulielmi et Marine.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquaints the House, That he had received a Letter from Henry Seymour, Esquire, who, is returned a Burgess to serve as well for the Borough of St. Maxces in the County of C as for the Borough of Tdtnessc in the County of Devon: And that he elects to serve for the Borough of Totnesse; and desires a new Writ may issue for electing another Burgess for the Borough of St. Mawes.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of St. Mawes, in the room of the said Henry Seymour.

A Petition of Thotnas Munns, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected one of the Barons for the Port of Hastings, and ought accordingly to have been returned: But Beaumont, Esquire, being Governor of Dover Castle, pretends to have a Power of the several Cinque Ports; and wrote several mandatory Letters to the Mayor and chief Officers of the several Cinque Ports; requiring them not to engage their Votes for any particular Person, for that his Majesty would recommend to them such Persons as he Should think convenient for them to chose; and, by several Menaces and Threats, procured, many of the Electors to vote for him, to serve for the said Port of Hastings: And prevailed with the Mayor thereof to return him, though not Vol. X.

legally elected, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: 1

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report their Opinions therein to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Tonken, and others, Magistrates Tregony and Inhabitants of the Borough of Tregony, was read; Election* setting forth, That the Petitioners, with others, who had the Right to elect, did chtlse John Pole, Esquire, to be one of their Burgesses; notwithstanding the Mayor has returned Two others to serve for the said Borough, in Prejudice to the said Borough and Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that the said John Pole may be admitted as one of their Representatives.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Craven Howard, Esquire, and Sir Thomas Malmesbuiy Estcourt, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Election* were duly elected by Eleven of the Thirteen Electors, for the Borough of Malmesbury in the County of Wilts: Nevertheless one EliasFetrers, and the Sheriff, have returned Edward Wharton, Esquire, and Sir James Long, in Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying a Day to be heard, to make out their Right of Election.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Haroles, Esquire, was read; setting St. Ives forth, That he was duly elected by the Majority of the Electl0Ik Aldermen, capital Burgesses, and Assistants of the Borough of St.Ives in the County of Cormoall, who only

had Right to elect there; notwithstanding which one John Hicks, pretending to be Mayor of the said Town, though not legally so, hath returned James Praed and Wm. Harris,

Esquires, as elected by the Commonalty, whenas they have not a Right to elect; or, if they had, the Petitioner hath the Majority of all their Voices w ho pay Scotland Lot; and therefore ought to have been returned: And praying the Redress of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Wm. Stringer, Esquire, was read; setting Bramber forth, That on the Eleventh Instant, the Petitioner was Election, duly elected a Burgess for the Borough of Bramber in the County of Sussex; but that Doctor Barbon and Doctor Ratclrff'e, by Practice, and undue Means, procured themselves to be returned: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Packington was read; thereby Droitwich setting forth, That the Petitioner had the Majority of Election, legal Voices; and was thereby duly elected to serve for the Borough of Droitwich; and ought to have been returned with the Lord Bellamont; but that Philip Foley, Esquire, is returned with the said Lord Bellamont, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

4 Y A Petition

0

Cricklade

Election.

Delay of Cardigan Return.

Brmvnrig*s

Petition.

Leave for Members to attend Lords.

Cock< rmouth Election*

Great

G rims bey Elcctiou.

61

Aprilis.

A 1690.

A Petition of SamttellBarker, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner had the Majority of duly qualified Voices for the Borough of; notwith-

standing which, the Bailiff, by many indirect Practices used by him, and Colonel JVebb, hath returned the said Colonel Webb, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: Aqd praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that a Short Day may be appointed for hearing the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections i Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Complaint being made to the House against the High Sheriff of the County of Cardigan, That fie hath not yet made any Return of the Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said County into the Crown Office;

Ordered, That the High Sheriff of the County of Cardigan be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Petition of Win. Bratcnrig, an Attorney of the Common Pleas, was read; setting forth, That, in 1G81, the Petitioner was present, when several Sums of Money were paid to Persons who said they were to be Witnesses against the late Earl of Shaftesbury, and others; with which the Petitioner acquainted Mr. Stringer, the said Earl’s Steward; for which, and no other Cause, the Petitioner was committed to Gaol by a Justice of the Peace, now a Member of this House; where he was treated worse than any Criminal; and was long imprisoned before Bail would be taken, though several times offered; and at last the Bail were bound in Two thousand Pounds apiece for the Petitioner's Appearance: And that, by such Imprisonment, and divers other causeless Prosecutions, the Petitioner and his Family are brought to Ruin: And, during the Two late Reigns, the Petitioner could have no Redress, and now cannot likewise without the Aid and Assistance of this honourable House: And praying the House would take upon them to examine the Matters aforesaid; and to give him, and his distressed Family, Relief in the Premises.

Resolved, That the said Petition being found to reflect upon the Honour and Justice of Sir Jonathan Jennings, a Member of the House, be rejected.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch and Serjeant Hutchins have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Coke and Founteinc.

A Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland was read; setting forth. That the Petitioners did chuse Sir Orlando Gee, and Goodwin Wharton, Esquire, as Burgesses to serve for the said Borough; but that Sir Orlando Gee, and Sir Wilfred Lan'son, are returned: And the Petitioners are advised ’tis contrary to the Law to return the said Sir Lawson for that Service, he being High Sheriff of the County: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises; and that the said Goodwin Wharton may be admitted to serve in the stead of Sir Wilfred as

a Burgess for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Consideration-of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matters thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Be was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected for the Borough ot Great Grimsbeyin the County of Lincolne,

having the Votes of Twenty-two of the Twenty-seven Electors; and ought to have been returned; but that John Chaplein, Esquire, the present High Sheriff of that

County, hath procured himself to be returned, contrary to Law, and a standing Order of this House: And praying the Petitioner may be admitted to serve in this present Parliament, he being duly chosen thereunto.'

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are td examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Playters was read; setting forth, Suffolk. That he was elected for the County of Sujfolke by the Election. Majority of legal Votes; but, by several indirect Practices, in making several hundred Freeholders since the Test of the Writ; and polling Voices that were not qualified to elect, having no Freehold in the said County, Sir Bernadiston hath obtained himself to be returned for the said County, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for the City Westminster, of Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and for the Tower &c* Court 01 Hamlets, and for the Out Parishes within the weekly Bills Conscience, of Mortality in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House; and received accordingly.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Supply to be given to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reports from tl)3 Committee of the whole House, That tiiev had agreed upon a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards, delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, be the Supply to be given to their Majesties, for the publick Occasions, between this and Michaelmas, in prosecuting the War against France, and reducing of Ireland, with Speed and Vigour.

The said Resolution being read a Second time.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, be the Supply to be given to their Majesties, for the publick Occasions, between this and ' Michaelmas, in prosecuting the War against France, and reducing of Ireland, with Speed and Vigour.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move,

That they may sit again Tomorrow.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Supply to their Majesties; and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow-Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28 die Aprilis;

2° Guliehni et Maria;.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Rich. Hoblyn was read; setting neistone forth, That he was duly elected for the Borough of Election. Helstone in the County of Cornezvall, by the Majority of legal Voters; notwithstanding which, the Mayor of the said Borough hath refused to accept of the Indenture signed by the said Electors, or to return the Petitioner:

And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committeeof Privileges and Elections:

18 Who

r

2 W. & M. 2'- Aprilis.

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the this House, to shew Cause, Why lie hath not made his same, with their Opinions therein, to the House; Return.

Warwick

Election.

StOckbridge

Election.

Berks Lice Lion.

London

Election.

Delay nf

Cartiarvati

Return.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Warwick was read: setting forth, That, at the last Election for Two Knights of the said County to serve in Parliament, Sir John Burgoigneand Sir. Rich. were fairly

chosen; but the High Sheriff, to frustrate Such Election, sutfered divers Abuses and Irregularities to be committed thereat, not only in the beating and wounding several Persons that came to Poll for Sir John and Sir

Rich. Newdigate, but serving them so likewise, even to

the Hazard of Sir Richard's Life; and, after such discouraging Practices used, the said Sheriff hath returned Andrew Archer, and Win.Bromley, Esquire, in Preju-

dice to the Petitioners; and praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises: And that Sir John Burgoigne, and Sir Richard may be

restored to their Places in this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of JVm. Reeves, and others, Burgesses of the Borough of Stockbridge, was read; setting forth, That

U ni. Strode and Rich. Whitehead, Esquires, were duly elected for the said Borough: but that the Bailiff Richard Hates, hath returned Win.Montague, Esquire, in the stead of the said Mr. Stroude, though not duly chosen, in Prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition, on the Behalf of the major Part of the Freeholders of the County of Ba kes, was read; setting forth, That the Right Honourable Lord Nor--

reis , and Sir Hum. Forster, were, on the Twenty-fourth February last, fairly elected Knights for the said County, by the Majority of legal qualified Freeholders; nevertheless the Sheriff hath returned Sir Henry in the stead of the said Lord in Wrong to the

Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Tho. PilkiSir Robert Clayton, Sir Patience Ward, and Sir JVm. was read ^set-

ting forth, That Members to serve in Parliament for the City of London ought to be chosen only by the lawful Liverymen of the several Companies in the said City: That, on the Nineteenth of February last, a Common Hall (which consists of the said Liverymen) was summoned for the Election; and a Poll granted to determine the Choice; and a Scrutiny was demanded: But, before the same could be ended, the Sheriffs declared the Election in Prejudice of the Petitioners: That, the Scrutiny being since ended, the Petitioners are informed the Majority of those Voices that had a Right to vote, fell upon the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Complaint being made to the House, That the High Sheriff of the County of Carnarvon hath not yet made his Return of Members to servo in this present Parliament;

Ordered, That the H igh Sheriff of the County of Carnarvon be summoned by the Serjeant at Arms attending Vo l. N.

A Bill for paving and cleansing the Streets within the Westminster^ City and Liberty of Westminster, and the Out Parishes *c* Streets; in the County of Midd/esc.r, and Borough of in the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for regulating the Haymarket at Charing Cross in the Parish of St. Martins; was presented to the House; and received.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read To-morrow-Morning;

A Bill for the better securing the Trade to the Royal African Affrican Company of England, was presented to the Company; House: and received.

A Bill for the discouraging the Importation of Throw n Importation Silk, was presented to the House; and received. of thrown

Ordered, That the said Bill be read Tomorrow 1 Morning.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Monday Morning London next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Orphans; of the whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

A Complaint being made, That one Durant Privilege;

had procured Robert Hancocke, a Servant of Sir Owen, a Member of the last and this present Parliament, to be arrested, immediately after the Dissolution of the last Parliament, by Walter Baynes, John JVilson, and Cornelius Jenkinson, Bailiffs, employed for that Purpose, in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Pii- vileges and Elections, to examine the Matter aforesaid; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants Last India of London, trading to the East Indwas read; setting Company, forth, That the Petitioners, and their Predecessors, upon the Encouragement of Queen Elizabeth, and succeeding Princes, by their several Grants and Charters granted unto them, exclusive of all others, have adventured their Estates for the Discovery and carrying on a Traffick to those Parts, greatly to the Advantage and Enriching of this Kingdom; and that several Parliaments since that Time have had many Occasions to take Notice of their said Charters, without any Disallowance thereunto; but on the contrary, rather implicitly approved thereof: But that the Petitioners have lately received great Damages and Discouragements in their Trade by several private Traders or Interlopers, who originally were the Cause of all those Troubles and Losses brought of late on the Company: And that the Petitioners represent to the House, That the East India Trade cannot possibly be supported but in a Joint Stock, exclusive of all others; nor w ithout such Powers, granted to them, equal to that of their Neighbours, by which they uphold their Trade; and such other foreign Trades from England as depend thereon will not only suffer much, but other European Nations will make great Advantage thereof, to the Hazard, if not the utter Ruin, of the English Commerce to those Parts: And praying, That the House would take into their Consideration the Preservation of their Trade; and that an Act may be made for that Purpose, under such Methods or Regulations as shall be thought fit; and that, in the mean time, they may be supported and encouraged in preserving the said Trade to the Nation.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the East India Trade; and how it may be managed to the best Advantage of the Nation: And that the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee: Who are to prepare and bring in a Bill or Bills accordingly.

And it is reterred unto Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Slater, Sir RobcrtDavers, Mr, Vincent, Sir Sam.Barnadiston, Sir

Johnson,

Lewknor's Wife’s illegitimate Children.

Speaker 8 Chamber to be lockejd.

Strangers to be taken into Custody.

Regulating

Elections.

Election

Returns.

Importing Thrown Silk.

Duke of Buckingham’s Estate.

Bankrupts.

Poor Relief.

Supply.

Privilege-

Seditious

Publication.

364 2 Aprilis. A. 1690.

Johnson, Mr. PeiTy, Sir Cha. Lord Marquis of

Worcester, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Lads, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Pills, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Mr. Waller,

Mr. England, Mr. Glemham, Lord Sherrard, Mr. Done, Sir Matth. Andrcwcs, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Sir

Gilbert Clerke, Mr. Fuller, Sir The. Littleton, Sir Peter Colliton, Mr. Dalben, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Parkhurst, and all the Members that serve for the Sea Port Towns, and that are Merchants; and all the Members that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and County of Middlesex:And all that come to have Voices: And

they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.,

Ordered, That the Bill to illegitimate any Child or Children that the Wife of John Lavknor, Esquire, hath bad, or shall have, during her Elopement from him, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Back Door of Mr. Speakers Chamber be locked up every Day at the first Sitting of the House; and the Key brought and laid upon the Table in the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending the House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is sitting.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate Elections to Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing of false and Double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And it is recommended to Sir John Maynard to take care therein.

Ordered, That the Bill for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better enabling the Trustees of the late Duke of Buckingham to sell several Lands and Tenements for Payment of his Debts, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill touching the Disposition of Bankrupts Estates; and for Amendment of the Laws therein: And it is recommended to Mr. Serjeant Wogan to take Care therein.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Lacon William Child;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation and making effectual the Statutes made for the Relief of the Poor; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the Order for the House to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Supply to be given to their Majesties, was read.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, That the Supply to be given to their Majesties be not laid upon Land, without Leave from the House.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Whole House, according to the said Order.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. —

And the House being acquainted, That one Richard Staf-Jord was at the Lobby Door, delivering a seditious printed Pamphlet, intituled, " Things plain and weighty," 8$c.

Ordered, That the said Richard Stafford be called in to the Bar of this House. 1

And he, being brought in accordingly, owned the Delivering thereof: And then withdrew.

Ordered, That Richard Stafford be committed, during the Pleasure of this House, to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; for dispersing at the Lobby Door, belonging to the House, a seditious Pamphlet, intituled, " Things plain and weighty," $c.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the Authors and Printers of the said Pamphlet.

And it is referred ynto Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr.

Mr. Colt, Lord Norreis, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Sir Scroop How, Sir John Barker, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr.

Sir Rob.Sanvyer, Sir 77 to.Littleton, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Samuell Bernadiston, Sir Sir

Cooper, Mr. Palmer, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Rob. Happier, Mr. Vincent, Sir John Brown-low, Sir Edw. Norreis, Sir Phil. Sir Win.

ney, Mr. Cognisby, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Edtc. Aiscough, Mr. Arnold, Sir Win. or any Three of

them: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Jonathan Jennings, Sir Blake,

Sir JVm. Cooper, and Mr. S , do go to Mr. Stafford's Lodgings; and search for his Papers, and secure the same. —

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House again.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed upon a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards, delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply to be given to their Majesties for prosecuting the War against France, and for Reducing of Ireland, with Speed and Vigour, his Majesty be enabled by a Clause in the Bill or Bills for settling the Revenue, to raise a Credit for the Sum of One Million upon the Revenue.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out "One Million;" and instead thereof, to insert " Ten hundred thousand Poundsand the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended; That, towards the Supply to be given to their Majesties for prosecuting the War against France, and for reducing of Ireland, with Speed and Vigour, his Majesty be enabled, by a Clause in the Bill or Bills for settling the Revenue, to raise a Credit for the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds upon the Revenue.

Resolved, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Supply to their Majesties; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Sir Jonathan Jennings acquaints the House, That he, and the other Members appointed by the House, had, according to their Order, searched Mr. Stafford's Lodgings; and had found'some Papers there, which he presented to the House, sealed up: And that they were informed there were more Papers in other Places, belonging to Mr. Stafford.

Ordered, That the said Sir Jo Jennings, Sir Fra. Blake, Sir Wm.Cowper, and Mr. Shadrach Vincent, do go to any other Places where they shall suspect, or be informed

any

Member* t»

search fur Papers*

Supply*

Committees*

Members search for Papers*

Knare*-

brough

Election.

Wynn's

Estate.

RcTcrsing ' Judgment against Arnold.

LecramTa, Act Nat.

Lewknor's

Wife's illeg timate Chil dren.

Fenwick’s

Estate.

a W. M. a° — 30 A 365

any other Papers, belonging to the said Mr. , are

kept or concealed; and search for and secure the same.

-A Petition of Sir Henry Slingsby Baronet, was read;

setting forth, That he was duly elected for the Borough of Knaresbrough; but that Tho. Esquire, is re-

turned in his stead: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 3* die Aprilis;

2* Gulielmi et Mans.

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of Cadwallader , Esquire, was read; setting forth, That he and his Brothers have agreed to endeavour to procure an Act of Parliament for the vesting his Estate in Trustees for the Payment of his Debts: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reversing a Judgment obtained against John Arnold, Esquire, in the King’s Bench.

And the Bill was presented to the House; and received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, for naturalizing JDavid Legrand, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to illegitimate any Child or Children that the '* Wife of John Lewknor, Esquire, hath had, or shall have,

during her Elopement from him, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Robert Fenwick was read; setting forth,

That, iq>on the Petitioner’s Marriage with his late Wife, his late Father, in Consideration of Two thousand Pounds Portion by him received, by Indenture dated 27 September 1679, settled the Manor of Shortjlatt, with other Lands in Com Northumberland, of the yearly Value of One hundred Twenty-five Pounds, on the Petitioner and his said Wife, and their Issue in Tail Male; the Remainder to the Petitioner’s Four younger Brothers in Tail; likewise the Reversion to the Petitioner’s Father in Fee: And all other the Lands, mentioned in the Settlement, are subjected to the Payment of One thousand Five hundred Pounds to the Petitioner’s Three Sisters; for Payment whereof, and other the Petitioner’s Father’s Debts by him charged on the said Estate, the Petitioner is indebted upwards of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds: That all the Estate the Petitioner hath is contained in the said Settlement: and is about Nine hundred Pounds per Annum: And, though it was the Petitioner’s Father’s Intention the Petitioner Should have had, yet, by the penning the said Settlement, - he has not, a Power to have sold Part of the Estate for Payment of the said Debts: That the Petitioner hath had Issue, by his said Wife, Two Sons, and One Daughter, Infants: And the Petitioner, and Trustees for his said Wife, finding the said Manor of with a Mill

thereto, may be most conveniently sold, and divided from the rest of the Estate; and the Trustees are contented an Act Should pass for that Purpose; and praying, That the Petitioner might have Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

You X.

A Bill to supply a Defect in an Act of Parliament, passed Cov«ntrye*a the last Session, for Sale of a House late Mr. Secretary Coventryes, was presented to the House; and received.

A Bill.-to enable John Wolstenholm, Esquire, to sell

Lands to pay Debts, was read the First time. Eatote

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Freemen of Gloucester the City of Gloucester was presented to the House; setting Election,

forth, That the Privilege of the said City, as to the Choice of Parliament Men, is, that no Person shall be there chose, but one that is a Freeman; and hath taken the usual Oath of the said City: Yet, notwithstanding, one Mr. Try, having joined with Mr. Palmer, one of the Sheriffs of the City, by great Expence of Money amongst the poorer Sort of Freemen, hath prevailed with them for their Voices; and with the said Palmer; to return him with William Cooke, Esquire; although John Delabre, Esquire, who is a Freeman of the City, and qualified as he ought to be (and the said Mr. Trye is not), was duly elected by the Majority of the Petitioners, and qualified Freemen; as appears by the Return executed by one Benjamin Rose, one other of the Sheriffs, and the Petitioners: But the said Mr. Palmer refused to join therein; but hath returned the said Mr.

Try, in Breach of the ancient Privileges of the said City:

And not doubting but that this House will be very tender of the Preservation of the Rights and Customs of so ancient a (Jity; and praying, That they may be permitted to enjoy their so ancient Liberty, and free Custom, according to the Tenor of the Great Charter of the Liberties of England.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Henry Lord Colraine in the Kingdom of Wilt* Ireland was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner wa£ Electloni elected to serve as Knight of the Shire for the County of Wilts, by the Majority of the Freeholders of the Said County: But that, by the undue Practices of Under Sheriff, and one Salisbury the County Clerk, Persons unqualified being admitted to poll, and the County Court unduly adjourned from Wilton to several Places the First Day, the last Adjournment being to Salisbury, then visited with the Small Pox, the Fear whereof restrained and discouraged some Hundreds that would have polled for the Petitioner; and by Multitudes of other manifest and wicked Practices; they the said Edghill and Salisbury, notwithstanding the due Election of the Petitioner, have made a Return, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, by declaring the Election against the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill for the encouraging and better establishing the Paper Ma-Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom, was rdad nufacture. the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. staffe, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Bennet, Sir Rob.

Sazcyer, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Orlando Gee, Mr. Papiliion

Mr. St. John, Mr. Fuller, Colonel Norton, Mr. Elterick,

Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bull, Serjeant Colonel Birch, Major Vincent, Sir. Johnson, Mr Vincent,

Sir John Key, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Dolben, Sir Tho. -- tleton, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Cha. Windham,

Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Hendry, Sir Hen. Gosse, Mr. Blozv-Jeild, Sir John Cotton, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Mr.

Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Foot Onslow, Lord Norreis, Mr. Thornhaugh, Colonel Austen, S\rrJho. Sir Skippon, Mr. Glemham, Mr. England, Mr Mr.

Goodwin Wharton, Mr. Cary, Sir Sam Mr. Fenwick, Sir John Wyn, Mr. MachSir Gervas Elzces, Mr. AW, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Matih. Andrews,

Foley, Mr. Perry, Mr. Bowyer, Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr.

4 Z Sheirard,

Paper Manufacture.

Dorchester

Election.

Duke of Buckingham’s Estate.

Ludgershall

Election.

Importing Thrown Silk.

Westminster, &c. Paving.

366

3-4"

A. 1690.

Shcrrard, Sir R. Carteret, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Whitehead, Sir/<7. Rushout, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Sir

Nezcland:And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet To morrow in the Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber-

A Petition of George Hagar, Gentleman, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner having, with great Charge and Pains, attained to a new and extraordinary Way of making Paper; and the Petitioner, 34 II. obtained a Patent under the Great Seal for the sole Use of such his Art and Invention, for the Term of Fourteen Years, not yet expired; and hath, for Three Years past, employed several Mills in the County of Surrey: and, if he be now interrupted in such his Trade, his Expence having been so great, it will tend to his and his Family’s utter Ruin: And praying, That in case it shall be thought necessary for the better settling the Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom, to establish it by an Act of Parliament, he may have Leave to be heard by jiis Counsel, before a Bill, brought into this House for the encouraging and better establishing the said Manufacture do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is referred.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Dorchester in the County of Dorset was read; setting forth, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town is only in the Inhabitants residing , there, paying Scotland Lot, until upon One or Two late Elections it hath been practised otherwise; the Mayor, Town Clerk, and some of the Aldermen there, contrary to their Freeman’s Oath, having acted very partially, by admitting Persons on late Elections, not so qualified as aforesaid, to vote, purely to elect such Persons, as by the Wills and Pleasures of the Mayor, Town Clerk, and Aldermen, are set up: So that of late, by such arbitrary Methods, there has not been Two Elections, one after the other, chosen by one and the same Method; but contrary to each other, tfs hath served the Purposes of the said Mayor, Town Clerk, and Aldermen: And praying the House to settle the said Borough in their ancient Rights and Privileges, so that it may not be in the Power of the Mayor, Town Clerk, <§r. to destroy the same, or withhold the Inhabitants of their ancient Usage; but that Elections, for the future, may' be in those who have Right to vote and elect.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of several Persons using the Trade of Paper- Paper Mr-making w ithin this Kingdom was read; setting forth, That nufacture. the Making of Paper in England hath been used Time out of Mind, and, many Families maintained thereout, till the French, who (by paying but small Wages to their Workmen) did under-sell them: That, since the Prohibition of French Goods, the Petitioners Trade is again revived; but that they are informed some Persons, having procured Letters Patents from the late King James the Second, for monopolizing the sole Use of the said Trade for Fourteen Years, have brought a Bill into this House to confirm the same by Act of Parliament; in which, if they Should it will tend to the Petitioners and their Families utter Ruin:

And praying the y may be heard, by their Counsel, to give their Reasons against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is referred.

Ordered, That the Report touching the Search for Mr. Search for Stafford's Papers be received Tomorrow Morning. Papers.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Supply to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed upon a Resolution; w'hich they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in h’s Place; and afterwards, delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same wras read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the Raising of the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, being the Residue of the Twelve hundred thousand Pounds to be given to their Majesties, the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for a Poll.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That a Bill be brought ip for a Poll for the Raising of the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, being the Residue of the Twelve hundred thousand Pounds to he given to their Majesties.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That the said Committee may sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the House will Tomorrow at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Poll; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Bill for enabling the Trustees of the And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

late Duke of Buckingham to sell several Manors and Lands Morning, Nine of the Clock,

settled on them, for Payment of Debts, be read the Second

time Tomorrow Morning: And that Sir Robert Clayton,

a Member of the House, and one of the Trustees, have Veneris, 4*

Notice then to attend in his Place, if he think fit. . ~ ,

2 Guhelmi et Manae.

A Petition of Edmund Harrison, Merchant, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall in the County of Wilts: But Wm. junior, Bailiff

there, hath uuduly returned another Person, in Prejudice of the said Borough, and the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill to discourage the Importation of Thrown Silk, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill for paving and cleansing the Streets, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Prayers.

GEORGE Luduich Dunt, Henry Philip Kugelman,

and John Doryes, took the Oaths appointed, before the Speaker at the Clerk’s Table, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Freemen of Gloucester the City of Gloucester, Yesterday presented to the House, Election, was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill for collecting the Duty of Aulnage at the Custom- Aulnag* house, was presented to the House. Duty.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill

Coventry*’» Estate.

Duke of Buckingham’s instate.

Person ordered into Custody discharged.

Delay of Car-narvan Writ.

Wynne's

Estate.

African

Company.

Reversing

Judgment

against

Arnold.

Attainder of Persons in BebeUion.

Papists

Protestant

Heirs.

Poor Relief.

Supply Bill; Poll Tax.

a W.#M. 4 Aprili367

A Bill to supply a Defect in an Act of the last Parliament, for Sale of the House late Mr. Secretary was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill the better to enable the Trustees of the late Duke of Buckingham to sell his Estate to pay his Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir IVm. locke, Mr. And1.Grey, Mr. Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir

Rob. Clayton, Mr. IValler, Sir Rob. Saxtycr, Lord fax, Sir Cha. Rawleigh, Mr. Major Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Rob. Davcrse, Lord Mr.

Vincent, Serjeant Hutchins, Sir Barker, Mr. Nor-reys, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Bed Mr. Fuller, Sir Tho. Haslerigg, Mr. Brmvnlmv, Sir John Brcmmlaiv, Lord Falkland, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr. Serjeant Sir

H. Vane, Mr. Newport, Sir John Mr. May, Mr.

Carter, Mr. Bickerstajfe, Mr. Glemham, Mr. England,

Air. Gwynnc, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. John Grey, and all the Alembers that serve for the Counties of Bucks, Yorke, Lincolne, and Rutland: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being acquainted, that the High Sheriff of the County of Cardigan hath, since their Order of the First Instant, whereby he was to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, made his Return, into the Crown Office of the Members to serve for the said County 7 and it being moved, That he may be discharged;

Ordered, That the said High Sheriff of the County of Cardigan be discharged, paying his Fees.

A Complaint being made to the House against the High Sheriff of the County of Carnarvon, That he hath not yet made any Return, into the Crown Office, of the Alembers to serve in this present Parliament for the said County;

Ordered, That the High Sheriff of the County of Carnarvon be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Bill to vest the Estate of Cadwallader Wynne, Esquire, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, was presented to the House; and received.

A Bill for securing the Trade to the Royal African Company of England, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Tuesday Aloming next.

Ordered, That the Bill for reversing a Judgment obtained against John Arnold, Esquire, be read Tomorrow Alorning.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in to attaint all Persons guilty of Rebellion in Ireland, or elsewhere, against their Majesties King William and Queen Mary, and to enact and declare their Estates to be forfeited, and to be sold for the Reducing of Ireland.

And it is recommended to Air. Solicitor General, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Rich Reynell, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Wm. Poultney, and Colonel Birch, or any Three of them, to take care thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Papists from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better explanation and making effectual the Statutes made for the Relief of the Poor, be read Tomorrow Alorning.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Poll Bill.

Vo l.X.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of thfe Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed upon several Heads for the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place: and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Debts, and ready Aloney, be taxed in the Poll Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons exercising any Publick Office, Place, or Employment, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons receiving any Pensions or Stipends from his Majesty, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Judges, and Persons having any Judicial Office, or other Office or Place of Profit, and all Serjeants at Law, Counsellors, Attorneys, Solicitors, Scriveners, and Advocates, Proctors, and Public Notaries, and all Persons practising the Art of Physick, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all and every Person and Persons, except such as receive Alms of the Parish where they dwell, and their Children being under Sixteen Years of Age, and except all Children under Sixteen Years of Age, of all Day Labourers, and of all Servants in Husbandry; and also, except all other Persons who, by reason of their Poverty, are exempted from contributing to Church and Poor, and the Children of all such, being under Sixteen Years of Age; and also except all Children being under Sixteen Years of Age, of such who have l our or more Children, and are not worth, in Lands, Goods, and Chattels, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Dukes, Marquisses, Earls, Viscounts, Barons, and their eldest Sons, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Baronets, Knights of the Bath, and Knights Bachelors, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Esquires, or reputed Esquires, and all Persons owning or writing themselves such, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Gentlemen, and reputed Gentlemen, and all Persons owning and writing themselves such, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Widows, according to the Dignity of their Husbands, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Gentleman, having an Estate of Three hundred Pounds, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the dignified Clergy shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons that hold Two or more Benefices, having Cure of Souls, which shall amount, together, to the clear yearly Value of One hundred and Twenty Pounds, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Merchants, Strangers, and Jens, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Doctors in Divinity, Law, and Physick, (except Doctors in Divinity which have no Ecclesiastical Benefice) shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Merchants, trading in the Port of London, and not being free of the City of London, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Merchants, and others, using any Trade, or . manyal

o

Committees.

Coventrye's

Estate.

Sonunerset

Election.

4* — 50

A. 1690.

manual Occupation, and holdinga House of Thirty Pounds per Annum, within the City of London, and weekly Bills of Mortality, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Members of the East India Company, for their Share in the joint Stock of the Company, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Annuities and Relit-charges shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Members of the Guinea Company, for their Share in the joint Stock of the said Company, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Sharers in the New River Water, in respect of their Shares, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Fee Farm Rents- now paid, and not otherwise charged, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Members of the Hudson's Bay Company, for their Share in the joint Stock of that Company, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the younger Sons of Dukes, Marquisses, Earls, Viscounts, and Barons, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

And the said Resolutions being severally read a Second time; they were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Heads: And it is recommended to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Solicitor General, to prepare and bring in the same.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabhati, 5* die;

2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

E1 DJVA RDBroughton took the Oaths appointed,

before the Speaker at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill to supply a Defect in an Act of the last Parliament for Sale of a House late Mr. Secretary $,

was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dalben, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Edzv. Hussey,

Mr. Newport, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Swinjin, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr.

Sir Jonath. Jennings, Mr. Slater, Mr. Mr.

Thornhaugh, Mr. Guyn, Sir Colonel

Birch, Mr. Carter, Mr. Edzv. Philipps, Sir Sam. Berna-diston, Mr. Coke, Sir John Moreton, Sir Cha.

Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Wm.Cooper, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Buckley, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Windham, Sir Tho. Hussey, Sir John Cary, Sir Edmund Jetinings, Mr. May:And they are to meet in the Speaker’s Chamber on Monday, next, at Three of the piock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Morgan, Esquire, was read; Brecon setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected for Election, the Town of Brecon by the Majority of qualified Voices: Nevertheless, by several ill Practices, Jeffrey Jeffryes,

Esquire, procured several Voices; and thereby hath obtained to be returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner:

And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill touching the Disposition of Bankrupts Estates, Bankrupts, and for the Amendment of the Laws therein, was presented to the House; end received.

A Petition of Wm. Bogill, of Glasgow in the Kingdom Detention of of Scotland, for himself, and in the Name of his Partners and Freighters of the Ship Concord, was read; setting p** forth, That the Ship, being loaded with Wines, Brandies, and other Commodities, was bound for Amsterdam, from the Maderas', and on the 11th of July 89, was met on the High Sea by two French Ships of War, who seized the said Ship and Lading: That before she was carried away, a Squadron of English Ships of War appearing, caused the French Ships to leave her in the Custody of Two of the Petitioner’s Sailors, who steered her towards the English Ships; having discovered and removed a Train laid by the French to blow her up: That Captain Layton, Commander of the Ship St. Albans, meeting Petitioner’s said Ship, seized the same as Prize; and carrying her into Plymouth, plundered her of divers Goods and Tackle, to the Value of Two thousand Six hundred and Five Pounds: That the Petitioner hath obtained a Decree in the High Court of Admiralty, for the Ship and Goods to be restored; by virtue whereof, the Petitioners hath demanded the same: But the said Captain refuses to give any Satisfaction to the Petitioner therein; which is of great Grievance to him, and the other Petitioners: and praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That a Copy of the said Petition be sent to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty: Who are desired to inform the House, how that Matter stands.

A Petition of Sir Edwin Sad/eir, and his Wife and Mo- sadleir’* ther, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, Sir Estate. Edwyn and his Mother, having contracted sev eral Debts to the Value of Two thousand Pounds, and upwards; and having but a small personal Estate; and the real Estate being settled on the Petitioners, Sir tin and his Lady, for their Lives, with the Remainder to their Issues; they cannot raise any Monies to pay the said Debts, without an Act of Parliament; and for that the Petitioners have no Issue between them: And praying, That the Petitioner may have Leave to bring in a Bill for the Sale of some Lands for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

A Petition of John Speke, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected, by the Majority of Freeholders, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Sommerset: But the Sheriff adjourned the County Court, without the Consent of tire Suitors then present; and thereby hindered several of the Freeholders from giving their Voices for the Petitioner; and, by colour thereof, unduly returned Sir Edw. Philips, and Nathanael Palmer, Esquire, to serve for the said County: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the settling a Charity given by John Snell, Esquire, for Chinty. the Maintenance of several Scholars at the University of Oxford.

A Bill to illegitimate any Child or Children which the I-ewknor’* Wife of John Leutknor, Esquire, hath had, or shall have, l^-‘* during her Elopement from him, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Serjeant Hutchins» Sir John Moreion, Mr. Arnold, Mr.

17 G Ian ham,

Leave of

Absence.

Papists Protestant Heirs.

Poor Relief.

Supply Bill; Poll Tax.

Importing Thrown Silk.

Westminster, Sc c. Streets.

Election

Returns.

Goods distrained for Relit.

Process of

Capias*

jW.^M. 5* — 7° Jpritis. 369

Glemham, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Buckley, Mr. Slater, Sir JVm. Yorke, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr.

Sir Jonath. Jennings, Sir Rob. Rich, Lord Falkland, Serjeant JVogan, Mr. Colt, Mr. Norreis, Sir Tho. Grosvenor,

Sir Phil. Skippon, Sir John Barker, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt,

Sir JVm. Forster, Mr. Hobby, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Russell, Major Vincent, Sir Bol/es, Mr.

Mr. Foley, Lord Fairfax', Mr. Dolben, Sir Tho. Clarges,

Sir Jerv.Elwes, Mr. Pelham, Captain Mr.

England, Mr. May, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Tirnchard have Leave to go into the Country.

A Rill to prevent Papists from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs, was presented to the House; and received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation and making effectual the Statutes made for the Relief of the Poor, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time on Monday Morning next.

The Poll Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time on Monday Morning next.

A Bill being tendered, instead of another Bill formerly received and read, for discouraging the Importation of Thrown-silk, in regard the former exceeded the Order of the House; the same was received.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Palmes, Sir John JVynne,

Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Robert Mr.

Dalben, Mr. Foley, Sir JVm. Poultney, Sir Fra. Blake,

Mr. Fenwicke, Sir John Bollcs, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Tomkins, Sir Gervas Elu'cs, Mr. JYdller, Mr.

Traverse, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir G’eo. Hutchins, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Sir JVm. Yorke, Mr. Grey, Mr. Sir

Rob. Sazvyer, Sir Rich. Rcynell, Mr. Campion, Sir Tho.

Samzvell, Mr. May, Mr. Slater, Mr. Carter, Mr. Freke,

Lord Highy, Sir Jos.JVilliamson, Sir JVm. Whitlock,

Lord Combury, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Bernadiston,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Fuller, Mr. England, Mr. Len'es, Sir JVm. Yorke, Sir Tho. Samuel, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Clerke,

Sir Samuell Bernadiston: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Quo Minu* regulating Quo Minuses and Arrests upon Capias, and arJd Capias other Process out of the King’s Court, and for relieving " nts‘ the Subject in reversing of Outlawries: And it is recommended to Mr. Serjeant JVogan to prepare and bring in the said Bill.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Paper Manu* County of Bucks be added to the Committee to whom ^actul4, the Bill for encouraging and better establishing the Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna;, 7* di;

A Bill for the paving and cleansing the Streets, was read the f irst time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent false and undue Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was presented to the House.

The Bill was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable the Sale of Goods distrained for Relit, if the Relit he not paid in some reasonable Time, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir JVm.Poultney, Mr. England, Mr. Gzvyn, Sir Edw.Hussey, Sir John Sir Tho.

Clarges, Sir Geo. Hutchins, Sir Rob. Havers, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. MacJtcll, Sir John Cotton, Sir John JVynne,

Mr. Bozvyer, Lord Sherrard, Mr. Foley, Lord Marquis JVmchester, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Slater, Lord

Falkland, Mr. Carter, Mr. Glemham, Sir Lazcson,

Sir John Bancks, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Cooke, Sir

Reynolds, Lord Fairfax, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr.

Mr. Colt, Sir JVm. JVogan, Sir Mr.

Sir JVm- Whitlock', Mr. Goldzccll, Sir Rob. Sazvyer, Mr. Pelham, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Rich, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Tho. Travell, Sir Jos.JVilliamson, Mr. Bennet, Sir

Gervas Elwes, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Tho. Hussey, Sir Ellis, Sir Sam.Bernadiston, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Ralph

Hutton, Sir Urm. Cooke, Colonel Greenville, Sir Cha.

Windham, Sir John Key, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Palmes, Sir

Cutler, Sir John Maynard, Mr. Burdet, Mr.

Mr. Campion, Mr. Brownlow, Mr. Chajin, Mr. Windham, Sir John Bollcs, Mr. Piggott, Mr. Bridges, Lord JVm. Pazilett, Sir Edzv. Seymour, Mr. May, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hobby, Colonel Birch, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Slater, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Ellis: And they are to meet in the Speaker’s Chamber on Monday next, at Thfee of the Clock in the Afternoon.

-> A Bill to take away all Process Of Capias for Debts under Forty Shillings, was read the Second time.

Vol. X.

2* Gulielmi et Marine.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act Legrand'*, for the naturalizing Havid Legrand, and others, was &c. Nat.

read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Panda nrs, Mr. Evans, Sir Edmund Jennings, Mr.

Sir Cha.Bloys, Mr. Blozifeild, Sir John Knight, Mr.

JVallis, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Burdett, Mr. Biddle, Mr. Joinings,

Sir Rich. Hart, Sir Rob. Haversc, Sir John Fowell, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Neruport, Mr. JVillmot, Mr.

Sir Hen. Goodrick, Sir Rob. Cotton, Colonel Birch, Mr.

Arnold, Mr. England, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir

Sir Edw. Philipps, Mr. Bromley, Sir Tho. Hairy, Sir Rich.

Reignolds, Sir Fra. Hrake, Sir Samuell Bernadiston, Sir Jonathan Jennings, Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr. Beare, Mr.

Baclrwell, Mr. Hyet, Sir John Cotton, Sir Edw. Hussey,

Mr. Grey, Mr. Car era', Mr. Burrard: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable John JVolstenholme, Esquire, to sell Wolsten* Lands to pay Debts, was read the Second time. holme’s

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hervey, Estate-Sir JValt. Young, Sir Edw. Abney, Mr. Chadzeick, Serjeant Blincoe, Sir John Bollcs, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr.

Sir Fra. Hrake, Sir Tho. Harcy, Sir Edm. Jennings,

Lord Highy, Mr. Holben, Mr. Grubb, Sir Jonath. Jennings, Mr. Philips, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Pollen,

Mr. Slater, Mr. Parlchurst, Mr. Brockman, Sir Rob.

Napier, Mr. JVallis, Mr. Thomson, Sir Hen. Goodrick, and all the Members that serve for the County of Lin-calm: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Adven- Hudson’sBay turers of England trading into Hudson's Bay, was read; Company, setting forth, That the late King Charles the Second, by . his Letters Patents in 1670, incorporated the said Company; and granted to them the sole Trade to the said Bay, with its Countries, Coasts and Confuies; and that

5 A the

37® 7* — 8

the same Should he reckoned as one of his Majesty’s Plantations; which the Company have since kept, and settled a Trade there; but at vast Charge and Expence, besides ' the frequent and great Losses received from the

to the Amount of One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds; And, though such Abuses were by them used in time of Peace; yet the Petitioners could have no Redress in the late Reign: That the Petitioners have been also disturbed in their Trade by divers Persons of this Nation, undertaking interloping Voyages: That such their Trade is not to be supported but by a Joint Stock: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for confirming their Privileges, for the better securing the said Trade.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, accordingly.

Wynne’s A Bill to vest the Estate of Esquire,

Estate. [n Trustees, to pay his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Snell’s A Bill for the establishing a Charity given by John

Charity. Snell, Esquire, for Maintenance of several Scholars at the University of Oxford, was presented to the House; and received.

Fenwicke’s A Bill to enable Sir Robert to sell Lands,

Estate. for Payment of his Debts, was presented to the House; and received.

Aprilis. 1690.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the said Bill; and that he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That they may sit again Tomorrow Morning, to proceed on the said Bill.

Resolved, That the House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- London ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Orphan* House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 8* die Aprilis;

Prayers.

f~\ RD ERED, That Sir John Cary and Mr. May be Coventrye"* added to the Committee to whom the Bill for supply- Estate, ing a Defect in an Act of the last Parliament, for the Sale of a House late Mr. Secretary Covcntrye's, is referred.

Reversing

Judgment

against

Arnold.

A Bill to reverse a Judgment obtained against John Arnold, Esquire, in the King’s Bench, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning after Ten a Clock.

Alieng.Duty. A Petition of Rich. Pierce, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is, and for several Years hath been, Farmer and Collector of the Duties of Package, Scavage, Baleage, and Potage, payable by Aliens for the Importation of the Wares and Merchandizes, or Exportation thereof, out of the Ports of the City of London, and the Liberties thereof: That the Naturalizing of Aliens by this honourable House (many of them Merchants and Traders) tends greatly to the Impairing and lessening the said Revenue; whereby the Petitioner will be deprived of his Right, and the City of so much of their Inheritance: And praying to be heard by his Counsel, before the Bill before the House, intended for such Naturalization, doth pass; and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Naturalizing of David Legrand, and others, is referred.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to lateQ. Mary’s vest the Jointure and Estate of the late Queen Mary in Esute. their present Majesties.

Papists Pro- A Bill to prevent Papists from disinheriting their Protestant Hein. testant Heirs, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importing Ordered, That the Bill for discouraging the Importation Thrown-eilk. of Thrown-silk be read Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bills. Ordered, That the Bill or Bills for settling the Revenue be presented to the House Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; The Poll Bill was read a Second time.

Poll Tax. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House do now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

A Bill to enable Sir Robert Fenwicke to sell Lands for Fenwicke"* Payment of his Debts, was read the First time. Estate.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time:

A Petition of several Persons of divers Callings, who London keep the Markets of the City of London, was presented Markets, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read Tomorrow Morning: And that the Members that serve for the City of London have Notice thereof.

The House being acquainted, that the Sheriff of the Person in-County of Carnarvon hath now made his Return into Custody dis-the Crown Office; charged.

And a Motion being made, That he may be discharged out of Custody of the Serjeant at Arms;

Ordered, That the High Sheriff of the County of Carnarvon (first paying his Fees) be discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. Leving have Leave to go into the Leave of Country. Absence.

A Bill to enable Sir Edw. Sadleir to sell some Lands, Sadleir’s-for Payment of Debts, was read the First time. Estate.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Edmund Prideaux, of Ford Abbey in PHdeaux s Devonshire, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Claim on Petitioner, Nineteenth June 1685,' was seized by one of LordJeffryes-the late King’s Messengers, upon a Warrant signed by the Earl of Sunderland, upon Suspicion of Treason; and kept in Custody till the Fourteenth July, when he gave Security to appear the First Day of the next Term: That, during his Imprisonment, he often desired to be examined, and to know his Crime and Accuser; but could not: That, on the Fourteenth September, the Petitioner was again seized, and committed close Prisoner to the Tower of LondonK where his very wife could not procure to see him on less Terms than being kept a close Prisoner with him; which, she did, till her Indisposition obliged her to procure a Release: That during the Petitioner’s Imprisonment, the Lord Jeffryes' Agents made general Inquiries by Threats and Promises among the Prisoners, and condemned Persons in the West, for an Accusation against the Petitioner;

Particularly Mr. Charles Speke, as he declared before his Execution, was proffered his Life, in case he would swear against him; though, to this Day, the Petitioner could not find ther$ was any thing sworn against him: That the

Petitioner

8° Apri

Petitioner (notwithstanding his Innocency) being informed of such the Lord Jeff ryes Practices, and of his repeated Threats of hanging the Petitioner, endeavoured to make Application to the late King James by Two Persons of Quality, for his Majesty’s Pardon: But was answered, That tiiey could not do the Petitioner any Good; for that the King had given him to the Lord Chancellor, to whom (all other Ways being stopped) Application was made: And accordingly a known Agent of the said Chancellor’s Undertook to transact the Matter with his Lordship for the Petitioner's Pardon; his Majesty (as the Agent said) having given him as a Reward to his Lordship for his Service in the West: That the Petitioner 's Wife, during this Transaction, was positively refused any more to see him, till the Petitioner had contracted to lay down Fifteen thousand Pounds; and the Petitioner, being forced by the said Practices, and by Duress of Imprisonment (which was Seven Months), signed Bonds for Payment of the said Fifteen thousand Pounds; which was paid accordingly, in Three Days after, to the great Damage of the Petitioner's Fortune: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to make the Estate of the late Lord Jeffryes liable to the Restitution of the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring a Bill upon the said Petition.

And it is referred unto Mr. Serjeant Sir

Jos. Tredenham, Mr. BosSir Sam. Mr.

Gzvyn, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Gervas Elzccs, Mr. Dyett, Sir Robert Cotton, or any Three of them.

pwkmu’s Mr. Harcourt reports from the Committee, to whom girimate C" ^ie Bill to illegitimate any Child or Children that the Wife Children. of John Lewknor, Esquire, hath had, or shall have, during

her Elopement from him, was referred, That the Committee had agreed to the Bill without any Amendments.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

371

Mortgages to Poll for Sir Carbury and denied

Persons of the same Capacity, and better Estates, for the Petitioner: That the Sheriff adjourned the Court so often, and to such Distance of Places, that he polled the Day after the Writ was returnable; and, by such Partiality, hath returned Sir Carbury as Knight to serve for the said Shire, in Prejudice to the County, and the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question proposed, London That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to reverse the Corporation. Judgment in a Quo Warranto against the City of London as arbitrary and illegal; and thereby to restore the City of London to its ancient Privileges;

An Amendment was proposed to be made of the Question, by leaving out the word " reverseand, instead thereof, to insert the Word " declare."

And the Question being put, That the Word " reverse*’ do stand in the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

f Sir John

\Mr. Done/ 194>

/Sir Rob. Cotton,

’’ \Sir C'ha.Windham,

So it wr s resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to reverse the Judgment in a Quo Warranto against the City of London as arbitrary and illegal; and thereby to restore the City of London to its ancient Privileges.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

}*3g.

Importing thrown Silk.

A Bill to discourage the Importation of Thrown Silk, was read the F’irst time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; A Bill to vest in their present Majesties the Lands and Fitate.8 ^s^a*-e belonging to the late Queen Mary, or to any other Person in Trust for her, was presented to the House. The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cinque Ports A Bill to regulate Elections of Members, to serve in Elections. Parliament for the Cnu/uePorts, w as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Election

Returns.

Cardigan

Election.

A Bill to prevent false and undue Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed unto Sir Cha. Windham, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Rob. Sir Tho.

Vernon, Sir H. Gosse, Colonel Austen, Sir Gilbert Mr. Carter, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Dalbcn, Mr. Windham, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Rob. Dashzcood, Sir Cooke, Colonel

Birch, Sir Wm.Ellis, Mr. FenSir Tho. Darcy, Mr.

Glemham, Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir Tho. Hussey, Lord Norreis, Sir Edw. Seymour, Serjeant Hutchins, Sir Cha. B/oys, Mr. Gzvyn, Sir Rob. ESir Rob. Davers, Lord

Digby, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Binkley, Sir Skippon, Mr. Morland, Mr. Fuller, Sir Mr.

England, Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. Sir Wm. Yorke,

Lord Falkland, Lord Wm. Pazclett, Mr. Waller, Mr. Campion, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Sherrard, and all the Alembers that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Vaughan, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected for the County of Cardigan by the Majority of legal Voters; but that the Sheriff, by Confederacy, and adjourning the Poll, and admitting the Voices of such who only had Vox. X.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Air. Justice Gregory Recognizing and Baron Turton; ^ll!*atn

Air. Speaker, The Lords Spiritual and Temporal have an ar^‘ agreed upon a Bill, intituled, An Act for recognizing Kinn William and Queen Mary, and for avoiding all Questions touching the Acts made in the Parliament assembled at Westminster Thirteenth Day of February 1(388: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Allies Cooke, and Sir Robert Legard.

Air. Speaker, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Worthen-An Act for separating and making the Chapel of Wor- bury Chapel. thenbury a distinct Church from the Parish Church of Bangor; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also another Bill, intituled, An Act, whereby the Edwards* Freehold and Inheritance of the Manor of Estate,

alias Lollworth, and the Advowson of the Church of Lole-' worth, alias Lollworth in the County of Cambridge, and divers other Lands and Hereditaments in Loleworth aforesaid, and in Long Stanton in the said County, are vested in Altham Smith, of Grey's Inn in the County of Middle-sex, Esquire, and Wm. Gore, of London, Merchant, and their Heirs in Fee Simple, in Possession, to the Use of them and their Heirs, in Trust for John Edwards, of Debden Hall, in the County of Essex, Esquire, and his Heirs, to the Intent the same may be sold: to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

Then the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Recognizing Act for recognizing King William and Queen Mary, and K. William for avoiding all Questions touching the Acts made in the and Q. Mary. Parliament assembled at Westminster the Thirteenth Day of February 1688, was read the F’irst time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Aloming. '

Air*

Supply Bills; Excise, Tonage, &c.

Supply Bill; Poll Tax.

London

Corporation.

Fenwick's

Estate.

Hudson'sBay

Company.

Coven try c’s Estate.

Paper Manufacture.

37a 8® — Q* Ap A. 1690.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House Two Bills for settling the Revenue upon their Majesties; viz. For settling the Excise for their Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them; and the Customs of Tonage and Poundage for Four Years: And the same were

received.

Resolved \That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to proceed in the further Consideration of thevPoll Bill.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in the Bill to reverse the Judgment in a Quo Warranto against the City of London, as arbitrary and illegal; and thereby to restore the City of London to its ancient Privileges.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Gilbert Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Wm. Poultncy, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. P07.de, Sir Rob. Claton, Sir Serjeant Hutchins, Sir Tho. FoMr. Dolben, Serjeant Blincoe, Sir IVm. Pritchard, Mr. Cognisby, and all the Members that serve for the City of; or any Five

of them.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

couraging ’and better establishing the Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom, is committed.

A Petition of the Dean and Canons of Windsor was read; setting forth, That the Bill for encouraging and establishing the Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom is very injurious to the Petitioners, and extremely prejudicial to the Inheritance of the Church of IVindsor; for that, if it Should pass into a Law, as it is now drawn, the said Church will lose an annual Relit of Eighty Pounds for ever: And praying to be heard, before the same doth pass, by their Counsel.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for encouraging and better establishing the Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom, is committed.

Sir Rich. Reynolds reports from the Committee to whom the Bill to enable John Wolstenholme, Esquire, to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, was referred, That they had agreed to the Bill, with several Amendments: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mercurii, 9* die Aprilis;

2* Gulielmi et Mariac.

Prayers.

A BILL, to enable Sir Rob. Fenwick to sell Lands, to pay Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fenwick, Mr. BUncfeild, Sir Rob. Havers, Sir Rob. Edon, Mr.

Brewer, Mr. Morland', Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Ha/ben, Sir Geo. Fletcher, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Marke Milbanck, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Cooke, Mr.

Mr. Forster, Sir Tho. Haslcrig, Mr. Fuller, Mr. England, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham and Newcastle: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for confirming, to the Governor and Company trading to Hudson's Bay, their Privileges and Trade, was presented to the House; and received.

Mr. Dalben reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for supplying a Defect in an Act of the last Parliament for Sale of a House late Mr. Secretary Covcnlrye’s was referred, That they had agreed to the Bill, with an Amendment: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Paper Makers in Kent and Surrey was read; setting forth, That the Making of Paper in England hath been used Time out of Mind; and many Hundred Families constantly maintained thereby, till the French (by the Smallness of Wages to their Workmen) did undersell them; but that, since the Prohibition of French Goods, the English Trade is again revived: That some Persons having obtained Letters Patents from the late King James to monopolize the sole Making of Paper, have brought a Bill to confirm the same for Fourteen Years; which, if prevailed in, will tend to the utter Ruin of the Petitioners, and their Families: And praying to be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for en-15

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer and Mr. Holt be added to the Committee, to w hom the Bill for the enabling the Sale of Goods distrained for Relit, if the Relit be not paid in some reasonable time, is committed.

A Petition of divers working Goldsmiths in and about the City of London was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, in the Course of their Trade, observing a great Scarcity of Silver, have, upon their Search, found, at the Custom House, That, since the First of October last past. Entries have been made of Two hundred Eighty-six thousand One hundred and Twelve Ounces of Silver or Bullion, and Eighty-nine thousand Nine hundred Forty-and-nine Dollars, and Pieces of Eight, by divers private Persons, for Exportation; and doubt not but that it will appear, that not only the East India Company for many Years, but also divers Jews and Merchants, have of late bought up great Quantities of Silver to carry out of this Kingdom; and given three-half-pence per Ounce above the Value: Which hath encouraged the Melting down of much Plate and milled Monies; whereby, for these Six Months past, not only the Petitioners in their Trade, but the Mint itself, hath been stopt from coining: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to a Committee, viz.Mr. Foley, Mr. Machcll, Sir,

Sir Rich. Reynolds, Sir Sam.Bcmadiston, Sir Bennet, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Slater, Colonel Birch, Lord Falkland, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Perry, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Buscowen, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Wilmot, Mr. Fuller, Sir Cha.Windham, Sir Philipps, Air.

Francklyn, Mr. Glemham, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Arnold, Sir Walter Young, Sir Jonath. Jennings, Mr. Grey, Mr. Pelham, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. England, Sir Tho. Fowles, Mr. Rider: Who are to consider of the said Petition; and report their Opinion thereupon to the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That the Report from the Committee, wrho were appointed to search Precedents upon Air. Montague's Petition, be made upon Tuesday Alorning next.

A Petition of John Danvers, Esquire, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read, when the Bill for vesting in their Majesties the Lands and Estate belonging to the late Queen Mary, or any other in Trust for her, shall be read a Second time,

A Petition

Paper Manufacture.

Wotsten-

holme’s

Estate.

Goods distrained for Relit.

Exporting

Coin.

Privilege.

Danver’s

Petition.

jW.tfM. 90 — I o* Jprilis.

Importing A Petition of several Merchants of London trading to Thrown Italy, and to the Kingdoms of Naples and was

presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read when the Bill for discouraging the Importation of Thrown bilk, shall be read a Second time.

Poor Relief. . An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation and making effectual the Statutes made for Relief of the Poor, was read the Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill do lie upon the Table.

P°°r Resolved, That the House will, To-morrow-sevennight,

at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for the better Relief of the Poor, and setting them at Work.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Fenwick reports from the Commit ee to whom Fenwick’* the Bi)l for enabling Sir Robert F to sell Lands, to Estate, pay Debts, was referred, That they had agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered them in eft the Clerk s Table: ’Where they were once read throughout, and afterwards a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Providing providing necessary Carriages for their Majesties, in their Royal Progresses and Removals. Majesties.

Recognizing An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for recogn>z*ng King William and Queen Mary, and for ary’ avoiding all Questions touching the Acts made in the Parliament assembled at Westminster the Thirteenth Day of February 1688, was read the Second time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be now read the Third time.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be agreed to.

Ordered, 'l’hat the Lord Colchester do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and

Sir Rob. Legat'd;

Recovery Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled of 1'ythes. An Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, and for the Repair of Churches: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Price of Also another Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving a for-

Cwl*. mer Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonage, tic. Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported, vras read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to their Majesties, for their Lives, Excise. and (]ie Life of the Survivor of them, certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said several Bills be read a Second time on Friday Morning next, after Ten a Clock.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Poll Tax. at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Poll Bill; and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act, Edwards’* whereby the Freehold and Inheritance of the Manor of Estate. Loleworth, alias Lollworth, and the Advowson of the Church of Loleworth, alias Lollworth, in the County of Cambridge, and divers ether Lands and Hereditaments in Loleworth aforesaid, and in Long Stanton in the said

County, are vested in Alt ham Smith, of Inn in the County of Middlesex', Esquire, and Win. Gore of London, Merchant, and their Heirs, in Fee Simple, in Possession, to the Use of them, and their Heirs, in Trust for John Edwards, of Debden Hall in the County of Essex, Esquire, and his Heirs, to the Intent the same may be sold, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Rich. Pierce, Esquire, was read; setting Alien*’ forth, That the Petitioner is, and for several Years hath Duty, been, Farmer and Collector of the Duties of Package, Scavage, Baleage, and Portage, payable by Aliens for their Wares and Merchandizes imported into, or exported out of the City of London, or its Liberties; for which Duties the Petitioner pays a great yearly Sum to the said City: That the Naturalizing of Aliens, by a Bill before this House, who many of them are Merchants and Traders tends very much to the lessening the said Revenues, and thereby the Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying to be heard by his Counsel, at the Bar of the House, before the said Bill do pass.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Naturalizing of all Protestants;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ’ r idlers tortne t'eas,

Tellers for the Noes,{

So it passed in the Negative.

v

r

General

Natura-

lization.

An ingrossed Bill to illegitimate any Child or Children, Lewknor’s which the Wife of John Lewknor, Esquire, hath had, or llc's ll*e' shall have, during her Elopement from him, was read Children, the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to illegitimate any Child or Children, that Jane the Wife of John Lewknor, Esquire, hath had, or shall have during her Elopement from him.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence thereunto.

Jot is, 10* die Aprilis;

2° Gulielmi et Marite.

Prayers.

Wartlienbury A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Chapel. J\ for separating and making the Chapel of Wartlien-bury a distinct Church from the Parish Church of,

was read the First time.

Vol. X.

Ordered, That the Bill for the discouraging the Impor- Importing tation of Thrown Silk, be read a Second time Tomorrow ^lirown Morning. 5'k-

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of 1>o11 iax> the Poll Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

5B Mr.

,374 10° — ii° —

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and that he would be ready to make his Report thereof to the House with the first Conveniency.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

London Resolved, That the House will, upon Thursday Mom-

Orphans. jDg next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts to the Orphans of the City of London.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 11* die Aprilis;

2* Gulielmi ct Marias.

Trayzrs.

Worthenbury A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Chapel. XX for separating and making the Chapel of W bury a distinct Church from the Parish Church of was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed unto Mr, Dalben, Sir Rob. Owen, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir Geroas Elwcs, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Blowfeild Mr. Fenwick, Sir Rob. Nap-pier, Mr. Gray, Mr. Morl Mr. Bromley, Mr. Brewer, Mr Waller, Mr Godolphin, Mr. Hazvtry, Mr. Harcourt,

Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Colt, Sir Cooke, Mr. Arnold, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr. JVilmot, Sir Jos. Williamson, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Ryder, Sir John Cary, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Newport, and all the Members that serve for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wynne’s A Bill to vest the Estate of Cadwallader Wynne, Es-Estate. quire, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bulkly, Sir Tho. Haslerigg, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Tho. Hussey, Lord Falkland, Mr. Gray, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Mr. New-

port, Sir Wm. Cooper, Sir Rob. Nappier, Sir Orl. Gee, Sir Rob. Davers, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Campion, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. England, Sir Sam. Bemadiston, Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Freke, Mr. Glemham, Sir Wilfred Lawson, Major Vincent, Mr. Bluwfeild, and all the Members that serve for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bedford Ordered, That the Report relating to the Return and

Election. Election for the Borough of Bedford, be made Tomorrow

Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Supply Bill; Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reports from the Poll Tax. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Poll Bill

was referred, That they had agreed to the Bill, with several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; And, after some Amendments proposed to be made to some of them, and agreed unto by the House; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

But, as to the Amendment, Folio , Line #, touching filling up the Blanks for Commissioners to execute the said Act, viz. Those in a former Act of Two Shillings 14

12° Aprilis. A, 1690.

in the Pound; an Amendment was proposed to be made of the said Amendment, by adding these Words, " and the other Persons hereafter named."

And the Question being put, That those Words b$ added}

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUers for tl,e Yeas, }.*

Teller* for the Noes»|colonel GreenoiU, }'83'

So it passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill for Baronets to keep their Seniority and Place, according to the Dates of their Patents; Which was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That it be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill for the Double-taxing of Papists that will not take the Oaths to the Government: Which was twice read, and agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, to exempt Quakers firom paying Double, upon their subscribing a Declaration of Fidelity to the Government:

Which was twice read, and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Meredeth;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Middleton’s An Act for confirming a Settlement made by Sir Hugh Wife’s Main-Middleton, Baronet, for a separate Maintenance for Dame tenance* Dorothea his Wife, and for other Trusts; and for the better enabling Trustees to sell Part of his Estate for Payment of his Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also another Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Berenger’s Tho. Berenger, Esquire, to sell Lands to pay his Debts: Estate.

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Doctor Tillotson, Dean of Saint Dr. TiUotaoa

be desired to preach before this House upon Wednesday to preach on Morning next, at St. Margaret's Westminster; and that loth Mr. John Gray do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bishop’* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Castle electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for Writ* the Borough of Bishops Castle in the County of Salop, in the room of Richard Mason, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the several Bills for settling the Tonage Supply Bills; and Poundage, and the Excise, upon their Majesties, be Tonage and read Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock. Excise.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 12* die

2* Gulielmi et Marite.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable John Wolstenholme, Es- Wolsten-quire, to sell Lands to pay Debts, was read the holme’s Third time. Estate.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, Press 3,

Line 3, to leave out " andand insert " by and with the Advice and Consent of And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the same were agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Wolstenholme, Esquire, to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts.

Ordered,

Coventrye's

Estate.

Fenwick's

Estate.

Hudson's Bay Company.

Supply Bill; late Queen Mary’s Estate.

Danvers'

Petition.

I.ate Queen

Mary's

Creditors.

Ordered, That Sir Rich. Reynolds do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill to supply a Defect in an Act of the last Parliament, for Sale of a House, late Mr. Secretary Coventrye's, was read the Third time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to supply a Defect in a former Act of the last Parliament for the Sale or Leasing of a House, late Henry Coventrye's, Esquire, in Piccadilly.

Ordered, That Mr. Dalbtn do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill to enable Sir Robert to sell Lands for

Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title -thereof be, An Act to enable Sir Robert Fenwick to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Fenwick do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for confirming, to the Governor and Company trading to Hudsons Bay, their Privileges and Trade, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to vest in their present Majesties the Lands and Estate belonging to the late Queen , or any other Person in Trust for her, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Petition of John Dayvers, Esquire, was read; set-' ting forth, That, in 1661, during the Petitioner's Minority, the Manor of Dauntsey in Wiltshire was seized into the King’s Hands as the Estate of the Petitioner’s Father, by virtue of the Act of Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures; which Manor was after granted to the Duke of Yorke and his Heirs; and is now settled in Trustees for the Use of the late Queen Mary: That the said Manor was entailed on the Petitioner; and, for asserting his Right thereto, he brought an Ejectment; whereon a special Verdict was found by the Direction of the Chief Justice Hales: But, in Judge Rainsford's time, Judgment was given against tire

Petitioner: Upon which there is now depending in the Exchequer Chamber a Writ of Error undetermined: And praying Provision may be made in the Act now passing for vesting the Estate of the late Queen Mary in their Majesties, That such Right as the Petitioner hath therein may not be prejudiced.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to vest in their present Majesties the Lands and Estate belonging to the late Queen Mary, or to any other Person in Trust for her, is referred.

A Petition of several Tradesmen, who served the late Queen Mary, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners served the said Queen in their respective Trades; and sold and delivered to her Use divers Goods and Manufactures, at reasonable Rates, to the Value of Six thousand Three hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings, for which they have received no Satisfaction: That, by the Bill that is now depending for vesting the said late Queen’s Estate in their Majesties, the Petitioners, and their numerous Families, will be deprived, and suffer, by reason of their Loss of their just Debts, without some Provision be made for them therein: That this honourable House, the last Sessions, being sensible of the deplorable Case of the Petitioners, made a particular Provision in the like Bill, although, through the Mistake of the Value of the Lands (which is not above Two thousand Eight hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum), the Arrears thereby appropriated to that Use w'ould not have answered their Debts, as was intended: And there being now, in the Hands of the Tenants, Arrears, sufficient to satisfy the same, and praying that a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill for securing the Payment of their just Debts out of the said Arrears, in such manner as this House shall think fit. Vol. X.

375

Ordered, That the Consideration Of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to vest in their present Majesties the Lands and Estate belonging to the late Queen Mary, or to any other Person in Trust for her, is referred.

A Motion being "made, for the Continuance of the Duties on Impositions on all French Linens, and all East India Li&eo, &c. Linen, and several other Manufactures of India, and on all French Wrought Silks and Stuffs, and on all other Wrought Silks, and on all Brandies;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion, and of the Book of Rates, and the Balance of Trade; and particularly, in the First Place, of Linen, Silk, Wine, and Brandy; whereby to encourage our Allies, and to discourage the Trade with France, and to encourage and advance our own Manufacture.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Earl of Sir Rob. Legard; ' Essex’*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, listaU‘ An Act to enable Algernoone Earl of Essex to make a Wife a Jointure, and for raising Monies for Payment of Six thousand Pounds borrowed to make up the Lady Morpeth's Portion; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges De<jf(IId and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Double Election. Return and Election for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, was referred, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Upon hearing the Matter of the Petition of Sir Wm. Francklyn, setting forth several ill Practices in the Double Return of Burgesses for the Borough of Bedford; and upon hearing the Merits of the said Return and Election;

The Committee proceeded first to inspect the Records of the said Returns: And find by one Indenture, dated Eighteenth Mar. 1689, mentioned to be made between Samuell Carter, Esquire, High Sheriff of the County of Bedford, of the one Part; and William Beckett; Mayor of Bedford; Ediv. Pilkington, Bailiff, and other Burgesses

of Bedford;Sir Wm. Franklin, Knight, and Thomas

Hillersdon, Esquire, are returned Burgesses for the said Borough.

By another Indenture, dated Fifteenth Mar. 1689, mentioned to be made between the said High Sheriff, of the First Part; and Robert Thomas, elder Bailiff, and others, Burgesses of the said Borough, of the other Part;

Thomas Hillersdon, Esquire, and Thomas Christie, Esquire, are returned Burgesses for the said Borough.

For Sir W\in. Franklin, the Counsel insisted, That it was first a single Return made by the High Sheriff; and afterwards made Double, by the Adding of another Indenture by the Under Sheriff: And produced, as Witnesses,

Mr. Fran. Brace, Mr. Becket, Mayor, Sam.

High Sheriff, and Mr. Milton.

Upon Examination of these Persons, the Fact appeared to be thus:

Mr. Cater the Sheriff delivered the Precept to the Mayor, directed only to him: And, at the Election, the Precept being begun to be read, Exception was taken at the Direction, because it was not directed to the Bailiffs, as well as to the Mayor, as it was insisted it was used to be: And thereupon one Dymock, a Deputy to the Under Sheriff, who had then the Seal of the Office, interlined " Bailiffs" in the said Direction; and then they proceeded to the Election: And, after the Election was over, the

High

12° Apr ills.

Bedford Election.

376

12° Aprilis.

A. 1690.

High Sheriff received the Precept back from the Mayor (not knowing " Bailiffs " was added), with the Indenture by which Sir Win.Franklyn and Mr. were

returned only; and, having annexed them to the Indenture for the County, delivered them to the Under Sheriff, to be filed in the Crown Office; But the Under Sheriff (though there were some Covenants between him and the High Sheriff not to intermeddle in Elections) carries to the Crown Office the other Indenture returned by the said other Bailiff and Burgesses (in which Mr. Hillersdon and Mr. Christy were returned) annexed to the Indenture returned by the Mayor: Between which Indenture was fixed the Sheriff’s Precept: But, before Delivery of the said Returns into the Crown Office, being in the Antichamber, the Under Sheriff inquired of Mr. Milton, Deputy Clerk of the Crown, Whether it was necessary to deliver in the Precept: And Mr. Milton informing him, Some did, and some did not; the Under Sheriff cut off the Precept, and delivered in the Indentures into the Office.

For Mr. Christie the Counsel insisted, That Sir

Franklyn w as not duly returned; the Precept being directed to Mayor and Bailiffs, and it was returned by the Mayor and one Bailiff only: And called

Syman Urlyn, Shem IJa/ncell, Robert Thomas; Who

testified, That the Bailiffs were inserted with the lull Consent of the Candidates.

And produced Tw o Indentures of Return, one of 12 Februarii78, the other 18 August 79, between the Mayor and Bailiffs of one Part, and the High Sheriff of the other:

By which it appeared, That the Precept was then directed to the Mayor and Bailiffs.

After the Matter of the Petition and Return was heard, the Counsel of both Sides were directed to proceed as to the Merits of the Election, according to the Orderof the Committee of the Twenty-eighth of last.

The Counsel for Fthen insisted, They had not been served with the Order; and wanted their Witnesses, and some Books: But the Committee being informed, they had applied themselves for no Order for Witnesses, nor Books, proceeded upon the Merits of the Election.

And the Counsel for Mr. Christie produced a Declaration of the Common Council, of Nineteenth December 16S7, That every Inhabitant not taking Collection, nor being a Sojourner, hath a Vote: And called

William Faldo, John Craze ley, John Win.

Stringer: Who spoke as to Six or Seven Elections that they had known; and said, That the Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants, being Housholders of Bedford, not receiving Collections, had the Right of electing Members to serve in Parliament.

And Sir Humph. Winch, being examined, said, He was elected by the same Persons for Bedford’, and that he was returned by the Mayor and Bailiffs.

Urlyn, being examined, said, He was one that took the Poll by Order of the Mayor: And that Mr. Christie had 290 Voices, Mr. Hillersdon 284, Sir Wm. Franklyn 249, Sir Anthony Chester 218: That, in his Poll, there were 69 queried by the Mayor for Mr. Christie, 63 queried for Mr. Hillersdon, 60 queried for Sir Anthony Chester, and 54 queried for Sir Wm.Franklyn.

Shem Hamcell said, He was another appointed by the Mayor to take the Poll: And that, according to his Book, Mr. Christie had 291, Mr. Ili/lersdon 285, Sir Wm. Francklyn 2,54, and Sir Anth. Chester 213; and that 69 wrere queried for Mr. Christie, and 68 for Sir William Francklyn; and he queried all the Mayor bid him.

Urlyn and Handzcell said, the Election began on Ash

Wednesday, and was then adjourned to Thursday, when the Poll was closed; and, though Mr. Christie demanded the Poll to be cast up, was then adjourned till the Afternoon, Three of the Clock, to the Swan in Bedford; then adjourned till Friday was sevennight; then adjourned till Saturday; and then adjourned till Tuesday; and then the Mayor declared the Election, when Mr. Christie had taken Coach for London.

John Fen said, That he knew the Persons that polled; and they were all good Voices.

Hanwelland Chaplyntestified, That the Mayor had had

the Town Books, and was again offered to inspect them.

John Fenn and Wm. JVcel said, That Sir WUliani Francklyn had dispersed several scandalous Reports of Mr. Christie before the Election, on purpose to alienate Mr. Christie's Friends.

Robert Thomas, the elder Bailiff, said, He did not agree to the Return of the Mayor, nor Adjournment of the Poll.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which the said Mr. Grey read in his Place: and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bedford is in the Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants, being Housholders of not receiving Alms.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee, That Sir William Francklyn is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bedford.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee, That Thomas Christie, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bedford.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Matter upon the Petition of Sir,

and of the Return of Burgesses for the said Town of Bedford, be especially reported to the House.

A Petition of Sir W in.Francklyn was offered to the House, and brought to the Table, to the Effect following; That he was surprised, by the Order of Committee Air. Christie had obtained, to hear the Merits of the Election, with the Matter of the Double Return; and' therefore had not instructed his Council, nor was provided for a Defence in that Matter; the said Order being obtained cc parte.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be read;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Matter oi the Election of the Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bedford be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

j-282.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bedford is in the Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants, being Housholders of Bedford, not receiving Alms.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Wm. Franck/inis not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bedford.

The Third of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Thomas Christie, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bedford.

Ordered, That the Under Sheriff of the County of Bedford be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Misdemeanor touching the Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Bedford.

Ordered,

Te'^ for heYeasj^,

re 11 r .1 vr fSir Rob. Davers,

lellers for the Noes, { ,r

’ [Mr. Logmsby,

27.

6

2W,£/M.

I3%-I4

Ordered, Tlmt the Mayor of the Town of Bedford be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Misdemeanor in the late Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town.

Ordered, That the Mayor and Bailiffs of the Town of Bedford do attend this house upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town: And that the Clerk of the Crown do then also attend with the said Return.

Resolved, That after a Return made into the Crown Office of Members to serve in Parliament, the same shall not be altered by the Sheriff, or the Clerk of the Crown, or any other but by this House.

Ordered, That all such Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do, upon Monday Morning next, make their Elections for which Place they will serve.

r.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Lima, 14° die Aprilis; 2° Gulielmi et Mariee.

TeUerafOTtheYeas,{^f’ } 8S-

} 83.

So it passed in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Same Committee: Who are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Mihill, TVm. Beanies, and others, was Late Queen

read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, in 1687 and £sat^e8 1688, did contract for several Estates in the Manor of Dantsey which was settled upon the late Queen Consort for Part of her Jointure; which Contracts were confirmed by her: And the Petitioners, in pursuance thereof, having been in Possession (the Leases and Copies being then ready drawn, but, by reason of her withdrawing herself, were not fully executed), and praying the Petitioners may not be prejudiced by the intended Settlement of the said Manor upon their Majesties, but that their Contracts may be confirmed to them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to vest in their present Majesties the Lands and Estate belonging to the late Queen Mary, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for her, is committed.

Earl of

Essex's

Estate.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Algcrnoone Earl of Essex to make a Wife a Jointure, and for raising Monies for Payment of Six thousand Pounds borrowed to make up the Lady Morpeth's Portion, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Worthen- Mr. Brexcer reports from the Committee to whom the bury Chapel. ing,.osseci J3jn from the Lords, for separating and making the Chapel of Worthenbury a distinct Church from the Parish of Bangor. ..., That they had agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments: Which-he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and then delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put theceupon, were agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 1, Line 24, leave out " TVreimef and, instead thereof, insert " I Verne."

Line 26, leave out " Perochial;" and, instead thereof, insert " Parochial."

T hen the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass: And that the Title be agreed ‘to.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the . Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with the said Amendments; and desire their Concurrence to the said Amendments.

London SltThomas Clarges reports from the Committee appoint-

Coryoration e(j to prepare and bring in a Bill to reverse the Judgment in a QuolVarranto against the City of London, as arbitrary and illegal; and thereby to restore the City of London to its ancient Privileges; That they had prepared a Bill accordingly: Which he presented to the House.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leenmd-B Sir Jonathan Jennings reports from the Committee to

ice. tSai. ’ whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the naturalizing David Legrand, and others, was referred, That they had agreed to the Bill, without any Amendments; and without adding the Names of the Persons who had taken the Oaths in this House, and who were proposed to be added thereunto.

And. a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Vol. X.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Windham have Leave to go into Leave of the Country. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Hutchins, and Mr. Solid- Leave for for General, have Leave to attend the Lords, as Coun- Members to sel, in a Cause between the Duke of Southampton and attend Lords. Sir Casar Wood, alias Cranmer.

An ingrossed Bill for the Poll, was read the Third time; guppl v Bill

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as aRider, to be added pon Tax. to the Bill, for Commissioners to be appointed to take an Accompt of the Money granted by the last or this Parliament: And the same was twice read; and withdrawn.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill; and twice read; for the Commissioners appointed by the said Act to take the Oaths appointed by the Statute for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths: And, after some Amendments thereof proposed, and agreed upon by the House, and made at the Table;

The Clause was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the Reducing of Ireland, and prosecuting the War against France.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and Mr. Meredeth;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to Worihen-acquaint this House, That they have considered of the bury chapel. Amendments sent up to the Bill, intituled, An Act for separating and making the Chapel of Worthenbury a distinct Church from the Parish Church of Bangor; and have agreed to them.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, RoynlAsscnt Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to Two Bills; viz.

An Act for recognizing K'wgWilliam and Queen Mary; and for avoiding all Questions touching the Acts made in

5 C the Commissioners of’ Ac-feompt*.

Supply Bill; Tonage and Excise,

Plympton

Election.

I40 — 15® Apriiis. 1690*

the Parliament assembled at Westminster the Thirteenth Day of February 1688: And,

An Act for separating and making the Chapel of Worthenbury a distinct Church from the Parish Church of Bangor.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Debate of the House, to appoint and enable Commissioners to take an Accompt of all publick Monies since the Fifth Day of November 16881

And it is referred unto Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Jos. Williamson, Sir IVm. Whitlock, Mr. Grey, Colonel Austin, Mr. Finch, Sir John Guise, Sir John Thomson, Mr.

Sir Tho.Littleton, Sir Ediv. Seymour, Sir SirChristopher Musgrate, Mr. Sir

nadiston, Mr. England, Sir Philip Skippon, Mr Mr.

Paul Foley, Mr. Done, Sir Math. or any Five

of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill accordingly.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That John Avent, the pretended Mayor of in the County of Devon, be sent for in Custody oif the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Misdemeanor in the late Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the } M*

T*-for.heNoes,{^:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Ordered, That several Bills for settling the Tonage and Poundage, and the Excise upon their Majesties, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morningt

L

Martis, 15" die Aprilis;

2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Then the House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter upon the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough of Plympton in the County of Devon.

And the Petitioners, and Parties, and Counsel on both Sides, were called in; and the Petition read: And, after Examination of divers Witnesses, and hearing a Charter of Incorporation granted by Queen Eliz. to the said Borough, and a Surrender to King Charles the Second, dated 12 July 1684, and inrolled in the Court of Chancery the 17th March 1684, from the said Corporation, of all Liberties, Franchises, Privileges, Charters, Letters Patents of Incorporation and Jurisdictions whatsoever, at any time or times heretofore granted to, and held or enjoyed by, the said Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, or their or any of their Predecessors, by any Ways or Means, or by what Name or Names soever; and a newr Charter, dated 21 Mar. 84, granted by the late King James to the said Borough; and an Order of the Privy Council, dated 7 December 1688; read,; and alter hearing Counsel for both Parties; the Petitioners, and Parties, and Counsel, withdrew.

And the Question being put, That Richard Strode, Esquire, and George Parker, Esquire, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plympton in the County of Devon-,

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Plympton is a void Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plympton in the County of Devon; the former Election of Richard Strode, Esquire, and George Parker, being, by this House, adjudged to be void.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Charter, granted by the late King James to the Borough of Plympton, is illegal, and destructive to the Constitution of the Government.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, take into Consideration the Advisers and Prosecutors of the said Charter of Plympton, and such as passed the same; and the Surrenders of the old Charter.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the

Tellers forgoes

So it passed in the Negative.

Prayers.

ABIL L to erect a Court of Conscience for the Bo- Southwark* rough of Southu-arke, and Parishes within the weekly Court of Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey, was read the Con»cient«. First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Middleton’s to confirm a Settlement made by Sir Wife’s Main-

Baronet, for a separate Maintenance for Dame Dorothea tenancfc his Wife, and for other Trusts; and for the better enabling Trustees to sell Part of his Estate for Payment of his Debts; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of to enable Algernoone Earl of Essex to make a Wife a E*s«x’* Jointure, and for raising of Monies for Payment of Six thousand Pounds borrowed to make up the Lady Morpeth's Portion, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed unto Mr.

Serjeant IVogan, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Sit Tho.

Littleton, Mr. Windham, Mr. Bed Mr. wick, Mr. Harcourt, Sir John Guise, Sir Rob. Davcrse,

Mr. Brewer, Mr. Campion, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Gwyn,

Sir Orlando Gee, Mr. England, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Kendall, Sir Rob. Cotton,

Mr. Glemham, Mr. Ettrick, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Perry,

Sir Tho. Travell, Sir Rich. Standish, Mr. Arnold, Mr.

Carter, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cary, Sir Walt. Young, Sir Cha.

Raleigh, Sir John Dayrell, Sit John Cary: And they are

to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report, upon the Petition of Wil- privilege.

Ham Montague, Esquire, be made on Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report touching the Bill for the better Duke of enabling the Trustees of the late Duke of Buckingham to Bucking-sell several Lands and Tenements settled on them, to pay bams Estate, his Debts, be made on Thursday Morning next.

The House being informed, that one Mr. Cuddon was information at the Door, that could give Information of some Papists of Papist* being in Arms in the North; *‘"8 in

He was called in to the Bar; and acquainted the House Arm* with a Letter he had received from Newcastle, dated the Eleventh Instant: Which w'as read.

And being withdrawn;

Ordered, That Mr. Cuddon do attend the Members of this House that serve for the County of Northumberland:

And that they acquaint the Earl of Shrewsbury with the said Information.

A Bill

Supply Bill; Tonage, &c.

Supply Bill^ Excise.

Ditto.

Leave for Members to attend Lords.

A Member

to make his Election.

Information communicated to Earl Shrewsbury.

Bedford

Return.

Lewknor’s V ife's illegitimate Children.

Great Marlow Sale of Lands.

Book of Rates respecting Linen, &c.

2 W. e? M. i 5° Aprilis. 3 i d

A Bill for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported or imported, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Bill for granting to their Majesties, for their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them, certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That Mr. Sachev ercllhave Leave to bring in a Clause to repeal the Acts which settled the Tonage and Poundage, and the Excise, upon the late King for Life:

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between the Earl of clesf eild and Starky.

Ordered, That Colonel Roll, who is returned one of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Devon, and also one of the Burgesses for the Borough of in

the County of Cornwall, do, upon Thursday Morning next, make his Election for which Place he will serve.

Mr. Bickerslqffeacquaints the House, That he, with

Mr. Cud don, hail attended the Earl of Shrewsbury: And that his Lordship declared all imaginable Care Should be taken in that Matter.

Ordered, That the Mayor and Bailiffs of the Town of Bcajord, and the Clerk of the Crown, do attend this

House upon Thursday Morning next, to amend the Return of Burgesses to serve for the said Town: And that the Serjeant at Arms do then make his Return of the Execution of the Warrants against the said Mayor, and the Under Sheriff of the said County of Bedford.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke, and Mr. Meredith;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to illegitimate any Child or Children that Jane the Wife of John L Esquire, hath had, or shall have, during her Elopement from him, without any Amendments.

Also, that the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Capital Messuage or Mansion House of Harleford, and Manor of Great and

other Lands in the County of Bucks: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the Order of the Twelfth Instant, for the House to consider of a Motion then made, and of the Book of Rates, and the Balance of Trade; and, in the first place, of Linen, Silk, Wine, and Brandy, whereby to encourage our Allies, and discourage the Trade with France; and to encourage and advance our own Manufacture; was read.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Book of Rates, and the Balance of Trade relating to Linen, Silk, Wine, and Brandy; and to report their Opinions therein to the House, with all convenient Sp^ed.

And it is referred unto Sir J Guise, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir I fen. Sir Tho. C/arges,

Earl of Ranclugh, Colonel Birch, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Hampden, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Colonel Sir Hen.

Ashurst, Ml-. Hutchinson, Sir John Knight, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Culliford, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Peter Cory ton, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Bickerstajf'e, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr. Blmifeild, Major Vincent, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr. Bailes, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Bury, Mr. Gould, Mr. Vol. X.

Pitts, Sir Rob.Clayton, Sir Sam. Dashwood, Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Onslow, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Fuller, Sir Barker,

Mr. England, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Tho. Sir

Blake, Lord Marquis Winchester, Mr. Hen. Herbert,

Air. Paul Foley, Sir Tho. Littleton, Air. and all

the Alembers that serve for the City of London; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to sit de die in diem, and adjourn whither they shall think fit: And are empowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That the House do now resolve itself into Supply Bill a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Tonage,

Bill for settling the Tonage and Poundage upon their Majesties.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; but had not, as yet, gone through the same.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Alom-ing next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for settling the Excise upon their Majesties.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Alorning Trench next, resolv e itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ll"ens> &c* to consider of the Alotion made on last, for the

Continuance of the Impositions on all French Linens,

Silks, and Stuffs; and on all East India Linens, Silks, and Stuffs; and several other Manufactures.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tiens be adjourned till Wednesday in Easter Week. of Privileges.

A Petition of the Lady Theodosia Ivy, Widow, was Paper read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, about Eight ManufactorC* Years since, with a considerable Sum of Aloney,... purchased several Patents, which w ere granted to Barnaby and Nathan. Bladen, Esquires; the first that were ever granted for the making of White Paper for Writing and Printing within this Kingdom; which are not yet expired: And praying to be heard by her Counsel, against the Bill brought into this House for settling and encouraging the Paper Manufacture, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the encouraging and better establishing the Manufacture of

o o . m # o

White Paper in this Kingdom, is referred.

A Bill to charge the Manors of Dolby and Broughton Prideaux s in the County of Leicester, the Estate of the late Lord Cdaim on Jeff ryes, with the Payment of Fourteen thousand Seven ord e ‘^es* hundred and Sixty Pounds, and Interest, to Prideauw,

Esquire, w as presented to the House; and received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for making some Provision for the Daughters and Shaftsbuiy’g younger Sons of Anthony Earl of Shaftsbury, w;as read Estate, the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committ«,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

House attends Divine v Service.

Leave for Member to attend Lords.

Debtors

Relief.

Berenger's

Estate.

Dr. Tillotson thanked.

Edwards'

lutute.

Bedford

Return

amended.

Duke of Buckingham s Estate.

16 — 17

Mercurii, 16* die;

2* Gulielmi et Marite.

Prayers,

THE House met to go to Saint Church,

it being Fast Day, appointed by their Majesties Proclamation:

And then adjourned till To-mofrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 17* die Aprilis;

2* Gulielmi et Maris.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Serjeant Hutchins hare Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between # and *.

A Petition of many poor Prisoners was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners be read upon Saturday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Bcrenger, Esquire, to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Doctor Tillotson, Dean of St. Paul’s, for the Sermon preached before this House Yesterday; and that he be desired to print the same: And that Sir do acquaint him therewith.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act whereby the Freehold and Inheritance of the Manor of Lolexcorth alias Lolhvorth, and the Advowson of the Church of Lollworth, in the County of Cambridge, and

divers other Lands and Hereditaments in Lolcworth aforesaid, and in Long Stanton in the said County, are vested in AlthamSmith, of Greys Inne in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and JV Gore, of London, Merchant, and their Heirs, in Fee-simple in Possession, to the Use of them, and their Heirs, in Trust for John Eduards, of Debden Hall in the County of Essex, Esquire, and his Heirs, to the Intent the same may be sold, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. Hutchins, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Dalben, Sir John Barker, Mr. Fuller, Major Vincent, Mr. Glemham, Mr. Bedding-feild, Mr. Bade, Mr. Bloufeild, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Frcke, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Mr. Sir

Darcy, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Lewes, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Buscaxeen, Serjeant Sir Thomas

Littleton, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Hutchinson, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cambridge and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

0 Aprilis. A. 1690,

Tenements settled on them, for Payment of Debts, was referred, That they had agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments: Which he read in Ins Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout.

And the First Amendment being read a Second time;

A Petition of John Fillers, an Infant, was read; setting Duke of forth, That George late Duke of Bucks, being seised of Buclnng-divers Manors and Lands, settled several of them on ham*‘State* Trustees for Payment of his Debts, with Interest: But that, by several Conveyances, the Trusts were vested in Sir Rob. Clayton, John Wildman, Martin Clifford, and Doctor Spratt, now Bishop of Rochester, and their Heirs: That, since such last Transfer, Clifford, one of the said Trustees, died: That the Creditors have brought a Bill into this House, to have the Premises, so settled, sold for Payment of Debts: That the Petitioner, being Heir at Law to the Duke, is thereby intitled to tire Equity of Redemption, and Surplussage of the said Estate j but is willing the said Debts Should be paid:

That the said surviving Trustees, though Men of great Value and Justice, are altogether Strangers to the Petitioner; and he hath Persons of great Quality of his Blood and Family, who, from that Obligation (the Petitioner hath reason to believe), will take a more especial Care of him in the Sale of the Estate: And the Petitioner being desirous to be educated in the Protestant Religion, and praying the House to add Three Trustees of the Petitioner’s Blood and Family to the said Three surviving Trustees, That due Care may be had in the Sale of the Estate, and that a Clause may be added in the Bill for appointing the Petitioner Protestant Guardians, that he may thereby be educated in the Protestant Religion.

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Air. Llarcourt, Mr. Musgrave, Air.

Mannaton, Sir Tho. Travell, Sir Jos. SirYlfo.

Clarges, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir JVm. Turner, Mr. Gxcyn,

Mr. JValpole, Mr. Etterick, Sir Air.

Felton, Mr. Done, Mr. Cooke, Alajor Vincent, Mr. Bloxc-feild, Sir Sam.Johnson, Sir JVm. Air.

Sir Tho. Fozcles, Mr. Cary, Sir John Raymond, Mr.

Kent, Mr. Bu/k/y, Mr. Godo/phin, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition of the said John Fillers be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better enabling the Trustees of the Duke of Bucks to sell several Lands and Tenements, for Payment of his Debts, is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Supply Bill; vest the Five hundred Pounds Forfeitures in their Ala- Forfeitures, jesties.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Jos. Tredenham,

Air. Greenville, Sir John Loxvtlier, Sir Tho. Clarges, Air.

Solicitor General, Sir John Guise, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir JVm. Strickland, Serjeant Tremaine, Sir Edxo. Seymour, or any Five of them, to prepare and bring in the Bill: And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do prepare the same upon the Debate of the House.

The House being informed, that the Bailiff of the Town of Bedford, and the Clerk of the Crown, attended at the Door, to amend the Return for the Borough of

Bedford;

They were called in; and amended the Return accordingly, by taking from off the File the Indenture by which Air. Hillersden and Sir JVm. Francklyn were returned; and by the Bailiff’s inserting his Name, and signing the Indenture by which Air. Hillersden and Mr. Christy were returned.

Sir JVm.Whitlock reports from the Committee to

whom the Bill for the better enabling the Trustees of George late Duke of Bucks to sell several Lands and

*4

A Alessage from the Lords, by Air. Meredith and Air. Keck;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Coventry's An Act to supply a Defect in a former Act of the last Estate. Parliament, for the Sale or Leasing of a House, late Henry Covenlrye's, Esquire, in Piccadilhj, without any Amendments.

They have also passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Wolsten-enable John JVolstenhvhne, Esquire, to sell Lands for Mmc's Payment of Debts, without any Amendments. . I'sUte'

They have also commanded us to put this House in House remind of a Bill sent down from their Lordships some time minded of a since, concerning the regulating the Prices of Coals.

And then the Aiessengers withdrew.

The

17° — 2i°

38*

Sheriffs of l/mdoii refused admission with a Petition.

Supply Bill;

Leave of Absence.

Ear! of Essex'* Estate.

Wynne's

Estate.

Looc&jo

Or bans.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door, to present a Petition to the House;

And the Question being put, That the Sheriffs of the City of London be called in;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers:for the Yeas, {fu.}

Tellers for rheN^JI- W. ’ }

So it passed in the Negative.

166.

215.

Jtopply Bill; lUllax.

Clauses " A: " were, for several

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for settling the Excise upon Their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and Mr. Keck;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the Reducing of Ireland, and prosecuting the War

against France, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Then the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press #, Line after " insert "Which were read the First time; and of the Lords to be Commissioners for the Assessing the Peers, and for the Lords to appoint a Receiver of the Monies payable by the Peers.

Then the Clauses were read a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do go to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Sir JVm.Strickland and Mr. have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Algemoone Earl of Essex to make a Wife a Jointure, and for Raising of Six thousand "Pounds borrowed to make up the Lady Morpeth's Portion, is committed, That the Earl, by the said Bill, be also enabled to make Provision for Children.

Ordered, That Mr. HarcourtSerjeant Wogan, Mr. Beddingfeild, Mr. Brewer, Serjeant Hutchins, Mr. Fenwick, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for vesting the Estate of Cadwal/ader Wynne, Esquire, in Trustees for Payment of his Debts, is referred.

Resolved, That this House will, This Day sevennight at Ten of the Clock in the Morning,- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That Colonel Roll do, upon Monday Morning Vol. X.

next, attend in his Place, to make his Election for which Place he will serve; whether as Knight of the Shire for the County of Devon, or as Burgess for the Borough of Penyrn in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Hutchins have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Crokc attend Lords, and Watts.

Resolved, That the House be adjourned till Monday AdJ0Urn' Morning next, Nine of the Clock. ment*

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lwue, 21* die Aprilis;

2° Gulielmi cl Marias.

Pkayehs.

All IL L to enable Sir Edwin Sadleir to sell some SladleirV Lands, to pay Debts, was read the Second time. Estate. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Christy,

Mr. Weld, Sir Wm. Cooper, Sir John More ton, Lord Digby, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Blaufeild Sir Sam. Berna-diston, Mr. Staynes, Sir Gilb. Clerke, Serjeant Mr.

Dolbe/t, Mr. Clerke, Nr.Hawtry, Mr. Newport, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Fuller, Sir Jerv. Elxces, Sir Jennings, Sir

Edm. Jennings, Mr. Bockland, Sir Orlando Gee, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Carteret have Leave to go Leave of into the Country. Absence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Great Mar-for the Sale of the Capital Messuage or Mansion House of l*w Sale of Harleford, and the Manor of Great Marlow, and other Lands'

Lands in the County of Bucks, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for the making some Provision for the Daughters and Shaftsbury’s younger Sons of Anthony Earl of Shaftsbury, was read Eaiate. the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed unto Sir John Guise, Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr. FMr. Bury, Mr.

Ettrick, Sir Edm. Jennings, Nr. Bockland, Mr.

Mr. Gohkcell, Sir Jcrvus Elxces, Mr Mr

land, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Christie Mr.

Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Rob. Davers, Serjeant Mr.

Dolben, Sir Jonath. Jennings, Si rWmCooper, Sir Clerke, Nr. Hobby, Nr. Clerke, Nr. Arnold, Sir Sam. Ber-nadiston, Mr. Founds, Mr. Pitts, Sir Orla Mr.

Fool Onslow, Mr. Staynes, Mr. Fuller, Colonel Birch, Air.

England, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Traverse, Nr. Brockman,

Nr.Christie, Mr Ogden, Nr.GreenJeild, Sir and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Dorset and Somcrsctt: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of tie Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Tradesmen, Workmen, and Ser- jyuke of vants, being Creditors of the late Duke of Buckingham, on Bucking-Behalf of themselves and others, was read; setting forth, ham’sLstatr. That the Petitioners have divers Sums justly due to them from the said Duke, which he, by his Will, directed Should be paid; and for Want whereof the Petitioners are forced into many great Extremities, and are like, with their Families, to suffer Ruin: That several of the Duke’s -Creditors, who have Securities upon his Estate, are endeavouring to obtain an Act to enable the Duke’s Trustees to sell his Estate, for Payment of his Debts; notwithstanding the Minority of the Person who claims the Equity of Redemption of the Duke’s Estate, as Heir at Law: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that such Clauses may he inserted into the said Act, f I) that

Goode.

38$ 41® Jprilis. 1690,

that may effectually provide for the Satisfaction of their Debts, according to the said Duke’s Intentions.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better enabling the Trustees of the late Duke of Bucks to sell several Lands and Tenements, settled on them for Payment of his Debts, is committed.

Importing A Bill to discourage the Importation of Thrown Silk,

'1 tiruivn Silk. rea(j the Second time.

Resotced, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ditto A Petition of the Bailiffs, Master, and Wardens, and

Assistants of the Company of Weavers at London and Canterbury, was read, setting forth, That the Bill before this House, for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk, will, if it passeth, be to the great Prejudice of the Manufacturers of Silk: For that Black Alamodes and Lutestrings are made solely of fine Italian Throw n Silk; and most other figured and plain Silks are interwoven with the same; and the most ingenious Trade of Weaving lieth under Great Discouragements by the late Advance of the Price of Thrown Silks, the frequent Importation of Foreign Manufactures, and the near Expiring of the Act, which laid an Impost on the Foreign woven Silks: And praying to be heard against the said Bill, before the same doth pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to discourage the Importation of Thrown Silk, is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of several Merchants of London trading to

Italy, the Kingdoms of Naples and was read;

setting forth, That, in the Bill that is before this House for Discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk, is included Silk Thrown in Italy, Naples, and Cicily, which hath anciently been imported into this Kingdom, and is ' very beneficial thereto: Wherefore, if the same Should be discouraged its Importation, it might not only prejudice the Manufacturers thereof here, but also obstruct the Exportation of Fish, Tin, Lead, Woolen, and other Manufactures of this Kingdom, into those Parts: And pray-ipg to offer their Reasons against the said Bill, before the same doth pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to discourage the Importation of Thrown Silk, is committed.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coijsider of the said Bill.

African A Bill for securing the Trade to the Royal

Company. Company of England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ditto. A Petition of divers Clothiers of and Essex,

and others, employed in the Woolen Manufacture of Says, and Stuffs, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners enjoyed an open Trade for the Woolen Manufactures of Says, when Trade was free for all Merchants to send their Ships to Guiny;whereby there was so quick a Vent and so good Prices given, that the Petitioners were eu-couraged to tarry on the Making of far greater Quantities of Says and Stuffs; which gave Employ to many Thousands of Inhabitants of the County: But that now, and for spine Tears past, such their former Trade is restrained, their Goods under-priced and left upon their Hands, if not sold, for what Prices the Company, trading to Guiny, will give for them; who, being the alone Buyer, and none else suffered to export the said Goods, the Petitioners are forced tp sell at the Rates they are pleased to allow; whereby great Quantities of the Petitioners Goods lie upon them; by which Means (having no other Sale than as aforesaid) they must be forced to lay down their Trades; the Ellect whereof is too manifest in the Ruin of many

poor Families, and Tradesmen dealing in, and Jiving up* on, the Woolen Manufactures: And praying, 'That the . said Trade may no longer be restrained; but that all Merchants may have Freedom to export them, many being ready to buy, and encourage the Petitioners in making such their Manufactures, had they Liberty, and Freedom of Trade.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for securing the Trade to the Royal Affrican Company of England, is committed.

A Petition of several Merchants of London, Traders to African, the Coast of Barbary, was read; setting forth, That the D’onipanj. Petitioners are informed, a Bill is brought into this House for the better securing the Trade to the Royal Affrican Company; whose Patent reaches from within

the Streights, to the Cape of Good Hope', which includes all the Ports upon the Coast of Barbary, where the Petitioners have had a constant Trade, and settled Factories, for many Years: And praying to be heard against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for securing the Trade to the Royal AffrU can Company of England, is committed,

A Petition of the Planters, and Traders to Jamaica, Ditto, was read; setting forth, That the Affrican Company have desired Leave to bringin a Bill for confirming their Charter:

And the Company having been exceeding oppressive and injurious, as well to the said Island in general, as to their Majesties Subjects in England, to the great Discouragement of Trade (especially the Woolen Manufacture) and the Diminution of their Majesties Customs, and praying that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same doth pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for securing the Trade to the Royal Affrican Company of England, is committed.

A Petition of John Thralc, and John and others, Ditto. Owners and Freighters of the Ship Delight, of Londonf was read; setting forth, That the said Ship, English-buUt,

Burthen One hundred and Forty Tons, manned with English Men, and laden with Woolen Manufactures, and other Goods, for which his Majesty’s Customs were duly paid 1 o July 1677, and then sailed to and was

there re-laden with Negroes, Elephants Teeth, Gold, «$v. consigned to Jamaica to be delivered there: But thut, h\

April 1G78, one Captain Delavall, Commander of the Constant I Carreick, did, in an hostile Manner, near the Barbadoes, command the Master of the said Ship to come aboard him: The which when he did so, he there detained him Prisoner, and seized the Ship and Cargo, and carried the same into Barbadoes-, where Sir Jonaih. A thins, then Governor, in Confederacy with the Affrican Company and their Agents, adjudged the said Ship and Cargo as Prize; and condemned the same, to the Loss and Damage of Seven thousand Pounds Sterling, besides Interest; which Oppression and Grievance is maintained by the said Affrican Company; and the Confederates, or most of them, being beyond the Seas, so that the Petitioners cannot have any Remedy at Law, and are ' therefore necessitated to crave the Assistance of this House for Justice, Relief, and Reparation.

Ordered, That the Consideration of . the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole Hbuse, to whom the Bill for securing the Trade to the Royal Aj-frican Company of England, is committed.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said

Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for settling the Excise upon the# Supply Bill Majesties, was read the Third time. Excise.

Resplvid,

a W. . M.

21 2 a" A prills.

383

Papists

Pmtestant

Hvusl

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass i And that the Title thereof be, An Act for granting to their Majesties for their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them, certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the said Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Bill to prevent Papists from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley, Mr. Arnold, Mr. JVilmot, Sir Walt. Young, Lord Falkland, Mr. Preston, Mr. Bloufe Sir Jos. Williamson, Mr. Freke, Mr. Buckly, Sir Cha. Earl of Bellamont,

Sir John Wynne, Mr. Clarke, Sir Wm. Cooke, Sir

Skippon, Sir Rich.Hart, Mr. Saynes, Sir Edm. Jennings, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Christy, Sir Robinson, Sit John Guise, Mr. Gray, Sir Wm. Forster, Colonel Birch, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Tho. Mr. Mr.

JCenyon, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Thompson, Sir Walter St. John, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Knatchbull, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Chadirick, Sir Christopher Air. Pelham, Sir Rich. Standish, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Foote Onslow, Mr. Gxcyn, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Norreis, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber. v

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, and for Repair of Churches, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the said Bill do lie upon the Table. Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill For the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, and Repair of Churches and Chancels: And it is recommended to Air. Christy to prepare and bring in the same.

IW Relief. Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill'for the better Relief of the Poor, and setting them on Work: And it is recommended to Sir John Guise, to prepare and bring in the same.

KtCt)T9Ty of Tyihts.

their jesties.

J&ottoo Writ.

Supply Bill; A Bill declaring the hereditary Revenue of the Crown

Hereditary to be vested in their Majesties, was read the First time.

Kctmue. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Aloming.

Providing Ordered, That the Bill for providing necessary Car-

Carriages for riages for their Majesties, in their Royal Progresses and ,l""111 ‘ Removals, be read Tomorrow Aiorning.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boston in the County of in the

Room of the honourable Robert Lord Willoughby of Ercsby, called up to the House of Lords.

Cawnittee*. Ordered, That all Committees, except that to which the Consideration of the Book of Rates is referred, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 22* die Aprilis; 2* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

Westminster, /ORDERED, That the Bill for the Cleansing and Ac. Streets. L/ paving the Streets in the Parishes within the Weekly Bills of Alortalky, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr.

Sir Wm.Turna', Mr. Navport, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Rob.

Dovers, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Ain

Price, Sir James Long, Mr. Fenwick, Colonel Birch, Sir

Robert Napier, Sir John Cary, Sir Jos. Trcdenham, Serjeant Wogan, Mr. BickcrstaJ)e, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Air.

Cary, Sir Jonath.Jennings, Sir S. Bemadiston, Air.

Cognisby, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Edm. Jennings, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Et trick, Sir Wm.Whitlock, Sir Math.

Andrea's, Sir John Boules, Sir Hen. Air. Arnold,

Mr. Traverse, Mr. Greenjeild, Sir Edxv. Aiskue, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Onsloxc: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Officers, Innkeepers, and Clothiers, Army Debt. 8gc. that served in, quartered, and cloathed, the Army raised by Act of Parliament in 1677, for the entering into en actual War against the French King, and disbanded by another Act in 1679, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, upon the Credit of the Act, did furnish the Forces then raised with great Quantities of necessary Commodities; but that the Aloney given for Satisfaction thereof, fell much Short to satisfy the Debt: That these Alatters have been before the Parliaments in 1685, and 1689; who were pleased to examine the Matter of Facty and to inspect the Petitioners Accompts; and settled the same: That divers of the Petitioners, in respect of the Credit by them given as aforesaid, are, With their Families, brought to very great Extremities, and ruined, remaining in divers Gaols and Prisons: And praying the Consideration of the House in their Condition: And that some Way may be considered of to satisfy their Debts.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: Who are to examine the Accompts, and consider of Ways for satisfying the Petitioners; and to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred unto Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Tho.

Ctarges, Mr. Done, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Sir Rob.

Dovers, Air Mitchell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sir Wm.

Honeyxrood, Wx.Christie, Mr BloufeildAir. Papilfion, Sir JoS. Tredenham, Mr. Cognisby, Sir Sam. Beimadiston, Sit John Wynne, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir Rob. Napier, Sir Ralph Carre, Mr. Sherrard,

Mr. Lascells, Sir Ja. Long, Sir Cha. Bloys, Colonel Birch,

Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Beddingfeild, Air,

Curexv, Mr. Hedger, Sir Wm. Turner, Mr. James, Mr.

Holt, Mr. N. Gould, Mr. Bockland, Lord Sherrard, Mr.

Kendall, Mr. Gray, Sir Peter Cory ton, Sir Sam. Bema‘ diston, Mr. Nicholas: And they are to meet this After* noon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for establishing the Charity of Shell's John Snell, Esquire, for Alaintenance of Scholars at the Charity. University of 0,ijbrd, be read Tomorrow Aiorning.

A Petition of the Merchants and Planters, trading to, African and interested in, the Island of Bwas read; set- Company, ting forth, That the Trade to Guiny, and from thence to the West Indies, as it is now driven amongst a select Number of Men, is very prejudicial to the West Indies; and very much hinders the Increase of Shipping, and the Expence of the Afanufactures of this Nation; and therefore a very advantageous Regulation may be made in the said Trade: And praying, they may be heard against the Confirmation of the present Company, and Proposals for a better, more beneficial, and equal Establishment

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better securing the Trade to the Royal Affrkm Company is referred.

Middle ton's 11b late.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ordered, That the BtH to erect a Court of Conscience Southwark# for confirming a Settlement made by Sir Hugh Middleton for the Borough of Southxcarke, and Parishes within the Court of Con-Baronet, for a separate Alaintenance for Dame Dorothea Weekly Bills of AlortaHty in the County of Sltrtey, be *c,ence-his Wife, and for other Trusts; and for the better ena- read Tomorrow Aiorning. bling Trustees to sell Part of his Estate, for Payment of

his Debts: was read a Second Time. ' An

VoL.X.

Great Marlow Sale of Lands.

lx. grand’s, &.C* Nut*

Goods distrained for Kent.

Privilege —

/ Petition from a person in Custody.

.Attainder of Persons in Rebellion.

Supply Bill;

Hereditary

Revenue.

384

22° Aprilis.

A. 16

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Capital Messuage or Mansion House, of IIark ford, and Manor of Great Marlow, and other Lands in the County of Bucks, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed unto Mr. Cog-ttisby, Sir Thom. Hussey, Mr. Mr. Arnold, Air.

Christy, Sir Edu\ Hussey, Serjeant IVogan, Mr.

Sir Ediv. Windham, Mr. Travers, Mr. Pollen, Sir Edit'.

Ayscough, Mr. Slater, Sir J Elites, Mr. Cary, Sir Math. Andreas, Mr. Foley, Mr. England, Mr. Herbert, Colonel Deane, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Win. Lang ham, Sir John Belles, Mr. Ettrick, Mr. Price, Mr. Fuller, Air.

Bloafei/d, Mr. Traverse, Sir Air. Pitts,

Sir Wilfred Larcscn, Sir Win. Honcyicood, Sir Tho. Mask-

rigg, Mr. Champion: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Jonathan Jennings reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed BUI from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the naturalizing David and others, was

referred, That the Committee had agreed to the Bill, -with an Amendmnent to be made thereto: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence: And also, That the Committee had directed him to make a special Report, as to the other Amendments proposed to be made to the said Bill: The which he also read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the said Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee to whom the Bill was referred.

Ordered, That Air. Holt and Sir John be added

to the said Committee.

Air. Breicer reports from the Committee to whom the

Bill for enabling the Sale of Goods distrained for Relit, if the Relit be not paid in a reasonable Time, ..... That the Committee had agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were once read throughout; and afterw ards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause to be added to the said Bill, That the Owners of Dogs, that hurt or kill Sheep, or other Cattle, may be made liable to make Satisfaction for the same: And it is recommended to Air. Ettrick to prepare and bring in the same.

A Petition of John Firby, Under Sheriff of Shire, was read; setting forth, That it is his great Unhappiness, that he hath, tho’justly, fallen under the Displeasure of the House: And praying to be discharged of his Imprisonment, he being to attend the Justices at their Easter Sessions; and to make Preparations for the same.

Ordered, That the said John Firby be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Alorning.

Air. Solicitor General reports from the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to attaint all Persons guilty of Rebellion in Ireland, or elsewhere, against their Majesties King Wm. and Queen Mary; and to enact and declare their Estates to be forfeited, and to be sold, for the Reducing of Ireland; That they had prepared a Bill accordingly: Which he presented to the House.

The said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, declaring the Hereditary Revenue of the Crown to be vested in their Majesties, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Petition of Wm. Dockura, Merchant, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, in 1680, at his sole Charge, set up the new Invention of the Peny Post;

which is still continued upon the same Foundation and Rules, as at first contrived by the Petitioner; and which are essentially different from those of the General Pest, it not being possible to be comprehended within the Rules and Directions of the Act 12 Car. II. being inconsistent with the same; and under colour thereof it was ravished from the Petitioner, just when he had brought the san e to Perfection, and it began to bring in some Profit towards his Reimbursement; the which, with the many Oppositions he met with, cost the Petitioner above Four thousand Pounds, with Interest; Part of which he is, to this Day, in Debt for; and the Damages that ensued to his Family thereon, has bren, at least, Four thousand Pounds more:

So that the Petitioner may modestly charge the Peny Post to be indebted to him, and those concerned with him, above Flight thousand Pounds; the Petitioner having a

O 7 o

Wife, and Eight Children, Seven whereof are unprovided for: That now the Bill for settling the Revenue is before this House, the Petitioner hopes he shall be included therein for Relief and Reward of his Sufferings and Service in the Alatters aforesaid: And praying to he heard in delation thereto; and that the House would relieve him therein, either by their restoring him to the aforesaid Undertaking, or by the settling a competent annual Pension upon the Petitioner, in lieu thereof, out of the Post Office, for a certain Term of Years, or otherwise, as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Perition lie-referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for declaring the Hereditary Revenue of the Crown to be vested in their Majesties, is committed.

A Petition of Adolph Curlius, and others, was presented to the House, and opened, being for to have, Satisfaction from the Crown, for a Debt incurred upon the Account of Public!-: Service by his Father Sir Curtins,

to the Amount of Fourteen thousand Two hundred Fifty-five Pounds, as appears by the Accompt signed by his late Majesty King Charles the Second; who was pleased to grant him a Privy Seal for Twro thousand Pounds; but only Five hundred Pounds, Part thereof, was paid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause to be added to the said Bill for obliging the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to take the like Oath, as the Lord Treasurer of England doth: And it is recommended to Sir Tho. Clarges to prepare and bring in the same.

A Ale ssage from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard, and Supply BUI j Air. Keck. Excise.

Air. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties, for their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them, certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, without any Amendments.

And then the Afessengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill for reversing the Judgment in London the Quo Warranto against the City of London, and for re- Corporation, storing the City of London to its ancient Privileges, be read next after the Bill for providing necessary Carriages for their Majesties, in their Royal Progresses and Removals,.

A Bill for providing^necessary Carriages for their Afa- providing jesties, in their Royal Progresses and Removals, was read

the First time. jesties.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for reversing the Judgment in the Quo Warranto T on don against the City of London, and for restoring the City of Corporation. London to its ancient Privileges, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this I louse will, upon Thursday Alorning n_:xt, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee,

of the whole House,.to consider of the said Bill.

It solved.

Penryn W i it*

Soutliwarke Court of Cuuscieuce.

W}

Lsiute.

Perenger's

Palate.

Resolved, That Counsel be heard upon the said Bill to such Points as the House shall direct.

Colonel Roll being returned to serve in this present Parliament, both as one of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Devon, and ns one of the Burgesses for the Borough of Penryn in the county of ; and making

his Election to serve as one of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Devon;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Penryn in the County of Cornwall, in the

room of the said Colonel Roll.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 23" Aprilis;

2° Gulielmi el Maria;.

Pl< AY EKS.

A BILL to erect a Court of Conscience for the Borough of Southwarke, and Parishes within the Weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr.

Sir Math. Andrcwes, Sir E'dm. Jennings, Sir -

cough, Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. England, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr. JVilmot, My.Pollen, Mr. Perry, Mr. Han'try, Mr.

Sir Walter Young, Mr. Gray, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Colt, Mr. Popinion, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kendall, Sir IVm. locke, Mr. Downy, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Mr Mr.

SI a tier, Mr. Campion, Mr. Bock ham, Mr. Bickerstuffe, Mr. Burdet, Mr. B/oxifeiUl, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir Rob.

Napier, Mr. Gray, Mr. 7 'renchuColonel Mr.

Femcick, and all the Members that serve for the County of Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for vesting the Estate of Esquire, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, be made Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Berenger, Esquire, to sell Lands for

Payment of iris Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed unto Mr. Christy, Mr. Burdett, Sir Rob. Daverse, Mr. Air.

Cary, Mr. Nor thy, Serjeant Mr. Mr.

Gwyn, Sir Cha. Bloyes, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr.

Sir Edm.Jennings, Sir IVm. Mr. Mr.

Brewer, Mr. Price, Mr. Newport, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Blvufcild, Mr. Brondy, Sir JBolles, Sir Gee,

Sir Jerv. Elxces, Mr. Fuller, Air Air. Pooley:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

divers Sorts of Silk ready wove, and great Quantities of , ready Thrown, the Trade of Silk Throwing is greatly impoverished, and, if not prevented, will be utterly lost in this Kingdom, to the Ruin of the Petitioners, and aH that depend thereon, being, at least, Two hundred thousand Persons; besides the Mischief it will bring upon the Woolen Manufacture, and Nation iq general: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whoui the Bill for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk, is committed.

A Bill for the settling a Charity, given by John Snell, Snell’s Esquire, for Maintenance of several Scholars at the Khanty. University of Oxford, was read the First time.

And the Question being put* That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas 50 forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the A

Sir Win.Whitlock reports from the Committee appoint- Commis-ed to prepare a Bill to appoint and enable Commissioners sloners of to take an Accompt of all Publick Monies, since the Fifth Acco"nte* Day of November 1088, That they had prepared a Bill accordingly: Which he presented to the House.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Fenwick’s Mr. Mercdclh; Estate.

Air. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Robert Fenwick to sell Lands for Payment of Debts; with some Amendments; To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Company of Hostmen of Newcastti Way Leaves upon Tyne, was read; setting forth, That the Collieries at Cullieiiea. adjacent to the River of Tyne, are so wrought out, that the Coal Owners have been forced to advance their WorW several Aliles further from the River, to dig for fresh Supplies for the Service of the Kingdom, by means whereof they are necessitated to carry their Coals through other Alens Grounds, who, for their Damage, occasioned by granting such Liberty, exact such extravagant Rates from the Petitioners for Way Leave, and Staith Rooms, as is no small Prejudice to the Trade, and will tend to the Enbansing of the Rates and Prices of Sea Coals in this Kingdom: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for settling such reasonable Rates and Allowances for the time to come, for the said Liberty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Air. Bickcrstafe, Mr. Cary, (Colonel Birch, (Sir John Bolles, sTe"ative.

87.

1

J

} 152

Ditto. A Petition of Whitlock Bulstrode, and his Wife,

was read; setting forth, That, whereas a Bill has been once read in this House, to enable Thomas Berenger, Esquire, to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts; which, if it Should pass, will be a Prejudice to the Petitioners, and others, w ho hope to offer Reasons, Why the same Should not pass: And praying to be heard by their Counsel, at the Committee to whom the Bill shall be referred, before the Passing thereof.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the so id Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Berenger, Esquire, to sell Lands, for Payment of his Debts,

Importing A Petition of the Company of Silk-Throw ers of Lon-Tkmwu Silk, don was read; setting forth, That, by the Importation of Vol. X.

Ordered, That no more private Bills be brought in, pr;vate till such as be ordered by the House, be finished. ' Bills.

Air. Speaker acquaints the House, that he had received Fees of Lists of the Fees belonging to the Officers of the House. Officers of

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider the Hou'e' of the same; and to report their Opinions thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred unto Sir Thom. Clarges, Air.

Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Cognislry, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Tho. Travell, Lord Falkland, Mr. Godolphin, Mr! Clarke, Sir Edxc. Seymour, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Christy, Mr. Bickerstajj'e, Sir Robert Daverse,

Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Edmund JAir. Wit-mot, Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. Blmcfeild, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir W alterYoung, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Done, Sir

Matth. Andrews, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Boxcyer, Mr. Air.

5 E Vincent,

386 aj* — 24'

Vincent* Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Mr. Burdet, Mr. -wen, Colonel Austen, Colonel Birch: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

’ jdprilif. . 1690.

Ordered, That the Bill for providing necessary Carriages for their Majesties, in their Royal Progresses and Removals, be read a Second time, on Saturday Morning next.

Fenwick* Then the House took into Consideration the Amend-Esute. ments made to the Bill to enable Sir Robert Fenwick to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts.

And they were read the First time throughout; and afterwards, a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the

House; and are as followeth;

Press 4. Line 16. Leave out the first and Line 17. After, " Temporal" add " and Commons." Ordered, That Mr. Femcick do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That the Bill for cleansing and paving the Streets in the Parishes within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Major Oakly, have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Chadwick and Mr. Norrcis, be added to the Committee to prevent Papists from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Leave for Ordered, That Serjeant Hutchins have Leave to attend attend Lords L°r<ls>as Counsel, in a Cause between Osbaldiston and

Harris.

Jotis, 24° die

2" Gulielmi el Marias.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Dashwood and Champante.

jtoyal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, to Bills. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, in the House of Peers immediately.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, and the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Bills following;

An Act for raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise, towards the Reducing of Ireland, and prosecuting the War against France.

An Act for granting to their Majesties for their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them, certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

An Act to supply a Defect in an Act of the last Parliament, for Sale and Leasing a House, late Mr. Secretary Coventry's in Piccadilly.

An Act to enable John JVolstenholme, Esquire, to sell Lands to pay Debts.

An Act to illegitimate any Child or Children, that Jane the Wife of John Lcwkno Esquire, hath had, or shall have, during her Elopement from him.

Privilege — John Firby, Under Sheriff of the County of Bedford,

a Person die- in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, being brought

cSsiodtfr0m to the °» this House, according to the Order of cus o \. Yesterday; upon his humble Acknowledgement of his Misbehaviour and Submission;

Ordered, That the said John Firby be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee appointed to consider of the Book of Rates, and Balance of Trade, relating to Linen, Silk, Wine, and Brandy, be made Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that Anthony Esquire, a Member of the House, had dispersed a printed Paper, reflecting upon some of the Members of the last Parliament; and he not being in the House;

Ordered, That Mr. have Notice to attend in his Place, Tomorrow Morning, to answer the same.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for better securing the Trade to the Royal African Company.

Book of Rates reaper ting Linen, See.

Privilege —

Libellous

Publication.

A fi ican Company.

Ptt AYERS.

ABIL L for Relief of poor Prisoners, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time after Ten a Clock.

Mr. Christy reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Settlement made by Sir Hugh Middleton, Baronet, for a separate Maintenance for Dame Dorothea his Wife, and other Trusts, and for the better enabling Trustees to sell Part of his Estate for Payment of his Debts, was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, without any Amendments.

Mr. Fenwick reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for vesting the Estate of C Wynne, Esquire,

in Trustees, for the Payment of his Debts, was referred, That they had agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were once read throughout.

A Petition of Bevis Lloyd, Esquire, was read; setting forth. That he having paid Two thousand Pounds of Cadwallader Winns Debts, and being engaged for the Payment of Two thousand Pounds more for him; the said Cadxcallader did, about the last Day of July 1 (>84. settle upon Sir Evan Lloyd, and other Trustees, an Estate in Fee, of the Yearly Value of Two hundred and Thirty-six Pounds, in Trust, to be sold for the Payment of the said several Sums; and further demised all his entailed Estate, for the Term of Five hundred Years, to the said Trustees, for them, out of the Profits accruing during Cadwallader s Life, to Pay the Debts and Monies, in a Schedule, to the Deed annexed, mentioned: Which Trust not being performed, the Petitioner was forced to sue the said Cadwallader, and his Trustees, in Chancery, for a Performance of the Trust: And praying. That his Right in and to the Premises may be saved, by a Proviso to be inserted into the Bill lying before this House, for vesting the said Estate in Trustees for Payment of Debts.

A Petition of George Wadley, Assignee of the Commissioners of Bankrupt, upon a Commission awarded against Roger Williams and Morgan Whitley, Woolen Drapers, was read; setting forth, That Cadwallader was

justly indebted to the said Roge (his Brother-in-

Law) in Eighty-three Pounds, or thereabouts: Which said Mr. Williams and Whitley becoming Bankrupts, their Estate was assigned over to the Petitioner; and, amongst others, the aforesaid Debt, to which the Petitioner is justly intituled: And praying, That the said Debt may be

include

Providing Carriages for their Majestties.

Westminster* &c. Streets.

Leave of Absence,

Papists

Protestant

lleirs.

Debtor*

Relief.

Middleton’s

Estate.

Wynne Y Estate.

Edwaids*

Estate.

Omt Marlow Sale of Laud*.

Farl of Shaftsbur} * Estate*

Far! of Essex’s E&ute.

2 W. & M.

240 Aprilis.

387

included in the Bill before this House, for Testing Wynn's Estate in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts.

Resoixed, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: Who are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Three of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition of BevisLloyd be referred to the Committee to w horn the

Bill for vesting the Estate of Cu Esquire,

in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, is referred.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition of George JVadley be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for vesting the Estate of Cadwallader Wynne, Esquire, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, is referred.

Mr. Bren er reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act, whereby the Freehold and Inheritance of the Manor of alias Lollxrorth, and the Advowson of the Church of xcorth in the County of Cambridge, and divers other Lands and Hereditaments in Loleworth aforesaid, and in Long Stanton in the said County, are vested in Altham Smith, of Greys Inn in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and JVm. Gore, of London, Merchant, and their Heirs, in Fee-simple in Possession, to the Use of therr and their Heirs, in Trust for John Edxrards, of Hall in the County of Essex, Esquire, and his Heirs, to the Intent the same may be sold, was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, without any Amendments.

Mr. Price reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Capital Messuage or Mansion House of Hartford, and Manor of Great Marlow, and other Lands in the County of Bucks, was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, without-any Amendments.

Sir Win. Cooper reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making Provision for the Daughters and younger Sons of the late Earl of Shqftsbury, w as committed, That they

had agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and arc as followeth; viz.

Press 5, Line 41, at the End of the Line leave out " by."

Press 9, Line 15, after " Annuities," leave out "or."

Mr. Clerke reports from the Committee to whom the

ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Alger noon Earl of Essex to make a Wife a Jointure, and for raising Monies for Payment of Six thousand Pounds borrowed to make up the Lady Morpeth's Portion, was committed, That they had, according to the Order of the House, taken Care to make a Provision for Children; and therefore had made several Amendments to the Bill, and therewith had agreed to the Bill: Which Amendments the said Mr, Clerke read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerks Table; Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth;

Press 1, Line 5 and (>, after the Word " Male," leave out these Words, " the Remainder in Fee in himself, and his Heirs;" and, instead thereof, insert these Words,

" with other Remainders over."

Press 2, Line 40, after the Word " Wife," add these Words, " or make any Settlements of his Estate."

Press 3, Line 1, alter the Word " marry," add these Words, " and make Settlements of his Estate, with such Approbation as hereafter is expressed."

Press 3, Line 5, after the Word " Jointures," add these Words, " or Settlements."

Vol. X.

Press 5, Line 60, after the Word "secured," and before the Word " saving," add the new Clailse (A).

Press 3, Line 26, after the Word "Earl," add these Words, " and the Heirs of the Body of the said Eliz.

Lady Cape 11."

Ordered, That Serjeant Hutchins have Leave to attend Leave for the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Men, ber 10

and Champante. attend Lords,

A Bill for regulating Elections of Members to serve in Cinque Ports Parliament for the Cinque Ports, was read a Second time. Elections.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Woolen better Improvement of the Woolen Manufacture: And it Manufacture, is recommended to Mr. John Gray to take care therein.

A Petition of JVm. Bechet, Mayor of the Town of Privilege — Bedford, was read; setting forth, That he having been in Pet,t*on from Custody ever since the Twelfth Instant, by Order of this m

House, to his great Charge and Damage; and being heartily sorry that he hath offended this House; and praying to be discharged from his Confinement

Ordered, That he be brought to the Bar on Saturday Morning next.

A Bill to collect the Duty of Aulnage at the Custom- Aulnage house, was read the First time. Duty.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

A Bill to appoint and enable Commissioners to take Crnnmis-an Accompt of all publick Monies, since the Fifth of «°ners of November 1C88, was read the Second time. Accompt*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Phil. Skip-pon, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr.

Done, Mr. Buckley, Sir Tho. TraveSir Robert Rich, Mr. Bickerstajf'e, Sir Mark Milbanck, Sir Pet. Coryton,

Colonel Lee, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Traverse, Mr.

Hutchinson, Mr. O ns low, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir nadiston, Sir Gervas Elxees, Sir Edxv. Hussey, Mr. court, Mr. Holt, Sir John Bowles, Mr. Wharton, Lord Marquis Winchester, Sir John Broxvnlow, Sir Robert

vers, Sir John Guise, Sir Win.Ellis, Sir Knachbull,

Colonel Austen, Colonel Birch, Mr. England, Mr. Tho%

Foley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir JVm. Poultney, Major Vincent, Mr. Cary, Sir John Knight, Mr. Carew, Sir JVm.Whitlock, Mr. Slater,

Mr. Gray, Sir Orlando Gee, Mr. Christy, Sir

Mr. Boc'kland, Sir Walter Young, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr.

Pfiilip Foley, Sir Edxv. Seymour, Sir Tho. Hussey, Sir Rich. Hart, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Price, Mr. Preston, Sir Jos. Trcdenham, Sir JVm. Yorke, Sir Wm. Honeyzcood,

Mr. Glemham, Mr. Goldxvell, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr.

Bcdingf’eild, Mr. Kenyon, Sir John JVynne, Sir John Dor-rell. Sir Edxv. Windham, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Cary, Mr.

Bridges, Mr. How, Sir Rich. Standish, Master of the Rolls, Sir Hen. Capell, Serjeant Tremaine, Mr. Colt, Sir Edm. Jennings-, Mr. Boscaxven, Mr. Fenxvick, Mr. JVII-mot: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That the Commissioners be nominated by the House.

And the Question being put, That no Member of the House be a Commissioner in the said Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report upon Mr. Montague's Peti- Privilege, tien be made Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Foster's Mr. Meredeth: Estate.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled,

An Act to enable Sir Humphry Foster to settle and dispose Lands: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered,

24° — 25° Apr ills.

A Member Ordered, That Anthony Esquire, a Member of to attend* this House, do attend in his Place Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock: And that the Serjeant do give him Notice thereof.

London Then the Order for the House to resolve into a Com-

Corportition. mittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reversing the Judgment upon a Quo Warranto against the City of London, and restoring the City to its ancient Privileges, was read; and also, the Order for hearing Counsel to such Points as the House Should direct:

And Counsel attending;

They were called in: Who informed the House, To what Heads they desired to be heard:

And the Counsel being withdrawn;

The Question being put, That the Counsel Should be at this Time heard;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That the House do adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair.

Mr; Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^Sir Walter tellers lor the l eas, Thf)

144-

} 214.

rr,n, c .1 Vr fSir Jos. J

1 ellers for the Noes, {, r,

’(Mr. liar court.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Mr. Gray do take the Chair of the Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grey reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had sat, and made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move the House, That the Committee may have Leave to sit again on Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Resolved, That the House will, on Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Address A Motion being made, and the Question being pro-

respecting posed, That the humble Thanks of this House be pre-London Lieu- sented to his Majesty, for the great Care he has express-tenancy. e(j Church of England, in the late Alteration he

has made in the Lieutenancy of the City of London-,

The Question was put, That these Words, " in the Lieutenancy of the City of London" do stand in the Question;

The House divided.

' The Yeas go forth.

Teller-s for the YeaJ-J£ } 185.

Tellers for the Noes.gf } . 36.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this House be presented to his Majesty, for the great Care he has expressed of the Church of England, in the late Alterations he has made in the Lieutenancy of the City of London.

Resolved, That the whole House do attend his Majesty with the said Address.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do wait upon his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, When he will he attended.

Oath of Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare

Adjuration, and draw up an Oath of Abjuration of the late King James, that all Persons, in any Employment or Trust,

16

Ecclesiastical, Civil, or Military, shall be obliged to take:

And that the Committee do prepare and bring in a Till for that Purpose.

And it is referred to Mr. Comptroller, Earl of -monl, Colonel Birch, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Colonel Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Hen. Goff, Sir Sam. nadiston, Sir Hen. Vane, Sir Walter Young, Sir ther, Sir Geo. Hutchins, Mr. Finch, Mr. Mr. JFuller

Mr. Arnold, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir ('ha. Raleigh, Mr.

Palmes, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Hen.Johnson, Sir Edmund

Jennings, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Tho.Littleton, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Clerke, Sir Edxc.Seymour, Sir John Guise, Sir

Tho. Travell, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Thu. Air.

Harcourt, Serjeant Tremaine, Mr. Air.

point, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Hoxcard; or any Three of

them.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That such Persons as will not take the said Oath shall be committed, without Bail or Alainprize.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Tuesday Morn- London ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Orphans, of the whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 2 5° die;

2° Gulielmi ct Alai Ur.

PllAYERS.

A PETITION of several Artisans and Workmen, jate q.

employed in fitting up Richmon was read; Mary's setting forth, That the Petitioners, in 1088, were employed Creditors, in fitting up Richmond House for the late Queen Mary for which there remains due to them Eleven hundred Sixty-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Three-pence Three-farthings:. And the Petitioners being informed of a Bill lying before the House, to vest in their present Majesties the said late Queen’s Estate; uhereby, unless some Provision be made for them therein, the Petitioners will consequently lose their said Debts, and become thereby ruined: And praying the Consideration the.

House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition bo referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for vesting in their Majesties the Lands and Estate belonging to the Late Queen Mary, or any other in Trust for her, was committed.

Sir Jonathan Jennings reports from the Committee to Lf grand’s,

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Nat. Act for naturalizing David Legrand, and others, was recommitted, That they had agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered them in at the C lerks Table: Where the same were once read thoughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

Press l, Line 20, after " Hollainsert " John Doriics, Son of Nicholas Doriics, and Margaret ha dei's, born at Hamburgh; Henry Philip Kugdman, Son of Johan George Kugelman, and Sophia liter, born at Michaelstadtin Franconia; George ch

Dunt, Son of George Dunt, and Sarah born at

Re-call in Livonia-, Eduard Bro of Jamaica, Esquire, born at the Hague in Holland, Son of Eduard Broughton, late of March Wei/d in the County of beigh, Esquire, and Alice his Wife.

Line 36, after " Germaine," insert " John Doryes,

Henry Philip Kugelman, Geo. Dunt, anti

Eduard Broughton."

Press

Paper

Manufacture.

Earl of

Shaiibbury’s

Estate.

Leave for

Member to to attend Lords.

Earl of Essex's Estate.

Great

Marlow Sale of Lands.

Book of Rates respecting Linen, &c.

a W. o M, Aprilis. 389

Press 2, Line 14* after "Germaine" insert "John Doiyes, Henry Philip Kugelman, and Edward, Broughton."

Press 3, Line 10, after " Germaine" insert " Horyes, Hairy Philip Kugelman George Ludwich Hunt,

and Edward Broughton."

Then the said Bill, with the Amendments, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Jonath. Jennings do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto, with the said Amendments; and desire their Lordships Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of divers Paper-sellers, Freemen of the City of London, on the Behalf of themselves and others, was

read; setting forth. That the Making and Selling of Paper have been distinct Trades time out of Mind; and that the present Sellers thereof are very numerous, and have been brought up to that Trade alone; and therefore if the Bill before this House doth pass, for impowering some particular Persons for the sole Making and Vending of White and Printing Paper, it will be pernicious to, if not the utter Ruin of, the Petitioners Trades and Employments: And praying, That the Petitioners may be heard against the said Bill, before the same doth pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for encouraging and better establishing the Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making Provisions for the Daaghters and younger Sons of the Earl of Shaftsbury, with the Amendments, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir H’m. Cooper do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto, with the said Amendments; and desire their Lordships Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Serjeant Hutchins have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Thzvaytes and Dye.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Algemoone Earl of Essex to make a Wife a Jointure, and for raising Monies for Payment of Six thousand Pounds, borrowed to make up the Lady Morpeth's Portion, with the Amendments, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass: And that the Title be agreed to, with the Addition of these Words, " and to make a Settlement of his Estate on his Marriage."

Ordered, That Mr. Clerke do carry the Bill to the Lords: and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto, with the said Amendments; and desire their Lordships Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Capital Messuage or Mansion House of Hartford, and Manor of Great Marlow, and other Land's in the County of Bucks, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Price, do carry the said Bill up to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto, without any Amendments.

Mr. Foley reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to consider of the Book of Rates, and the Balance of Trade, relating to Linen, Silk, Wine, and Brandy, That the Committee had met several times; and had considered of each of the said Particulars; and come to distinct and several Resolutions, in relation there-Vol. X.

unto: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards, delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

As to Brandy — That the Committee found, That all Brandy imported pays alike; and that all the Duties now paid amount unto, in the Whole, Forty-two Pounds per Ton: And it was the Opinion of the Committee, That the same Rates Should be continued: And therefore they

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties on all Brandies to be imported, from any Place, Should be settled at Forty-two Pounds per Ton.

As to Woven Silks from France — That they do now pay, in the Whole, about Seventeen Pounds and a half per Cent: That India Woven Silks do now pay Twelve Pounds per Cent.: That Italian, and other Woven Silks, do now pay Fourteen Pounds and a half per Cent. And, after they had heard several Persons, experienced in the Trade of Silks, they came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties on Woven Silks, imported from France, be settled at Twenty-five Pounds per Cent.: That Ala-modes, Luterings, and Avignions, imported, do pay Twenty-five Pounds per Cent.: That Woven Silks from India, Italy, and all other Places (exce'pt France'), the Alamodes, Luterings, and Avignions, do pay Twenty Pounds per Cent.

That the Committee further considered, That it would be advantageous to the Trade of this Kingdom, if the Customs Should be repaid for wrought Silks that were transported back again: And thereupon came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Customs for Silks, which shall be transported, shall be repaid. ,'

As to Wines — The Committee found, That the Subsidy, additional Duties, granted in the Time of King Charles the Second, and the new Imposts granted in the Time of King James the Second, with the Coinage now paitl, did amount to about Thirteen Pounds per Ton neat; and that they thought fit to advance the Imposition thereupon: And thereupon

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Eighteen Pounds per Ton neat be laid on all French Wines.

That the Committee found, That the Spanish, 7,

and other Wines, now pay, on all Accounts, about Seventeen Pounds per Ton neat. Alter they had debated, What it was fit they Should pay for the same, for the future, they came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the future, Ten Pounds per Ton only, neat, be paid for all other Wines, except French Wines.

That they also came to another Resolution about Wine; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Custom be repaid for all Wines carried out again, within the Space of Twelve Months.

As to Linens — The Committee found, That the French paid Five or Six Pounds per Cent, less Duty for Linen, than the Germans, and Fifteen Pounds less Duty than

Flanders', but the Difference between France and Holland was much greater. It was agreed, that Ten Pounds per Cent. Addition on French Linens was necessary to set up the Trade in Germany:And they came to this Resolution,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Imposition on French Linens (the Rates in the Book of Rates, and all other additional Duties, included) be adjusted unto Twenty-five Pounds perCent. according to the true Value.

That the Committee several Days debated the Altering of the Rates of other Linens; and left it to some Merchants, and the Officers of the Customs, to bring in a Scheme to the Committee, What Rates were fit to be set on the particular Sorts of Linens, to discourage our Trade with France, and encourage that Trade with our Allies. And a Scheme of Rates was brought to the Committee by

5 F an

Hertford

Election*

Supply Bill; Tonnage, &c.

Oath of

Abjuration,

390 25*- — 160 Aprilis. A. 1690.

an Officer of the Customs: But the Committee did not think fit to proceed thereupon, but came to this Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Linens, except French Linen, pay the same Duty as is now paid for the same respectively.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported, is committed.

Resolved, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Double Return and Election for the County of Hertford, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair, to the end the Committee of the whole House may proceed upon the Bill for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed to the said Bill, with some Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for the enlarging the Time given by a former Act of Parliament, for Arthur Shallett and Gilbert Heathcot to import Two hundred Ton of Spanish Brandy.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Y»,{$*; }*67.

Teller, for the Noe,{^; ^JSlck, }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Clause was twice read: And, after some Amendments, proposed and agreed unto by the House, the same was agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments and Clause, be ingrossed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That the House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Motion made the Twelfth Instant, for Continuance of certain Impositions, and of the Report this Day made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Book of Rates, and Balance of Trade, relating to Linen, Silk, Wine, and Brandy; the Consideration of which Report was referred to this Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Motion made the Twelfth Instant, for Continuance of certain Impositions, and of the Report this Day made from the Committee to whom it was referred to consider of the Book of Rates, and Balance of Trade, relating to Linen, Silk, Wine, and Brandy.

Mr. Comptroller reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare and draw up an Oath of Abjuration of the late King James, that all Persons in any Employment or Trust. Ecclesiastical, Civil, or Military, shall be obliged to take; and to prepare a Bill to that J7

Purpose; That the Committee had prepared a Bill accordingly: Which he presented to the House.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill be read

the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning at Eleven of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 26° die Aprilis; 2* Gulielmi ct Mariae.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Middleton’* confirming a Settlement made by Sir Hugh Middleton, Estate. Baronet, for a separate Maintenance for. Da me Dorothea his Wife, and other Trusts, and for the better enabling Trustees to sell Part of his Estate for Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Jennings do carry the Bill up to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Edward*’ for vesting the Freehold and Inheritance of the Manor of Eswu. Loleworth, alias Lollwoyth,' and the Advowson of the Church of Lollworlh in the County of Cambridge, and divers other'Lands and Hereditaments \n Loleworth aforesaid, and in Long Stanton in the said County, in Althani

Smith, of Greyes Inn in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and Win. Gore, of London, Merchant, and their Heirs, in Fee-simple, in Possession; to the Use of them, and their Heirs, in Fee-simple, in Possession; to the Use of them, and their Heirs, in Trust for John Edwards, of Debden Hall in the County of Essex, Esquire, and his Heirs; to the Intent the same may be sold; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Bracer do carry the Bill up to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereto, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Clerke and Sir John Brownlow Leave of have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks. Absence.

A Petition of several Persons, of divers Callings, who London keep the Markets in the City of London, in the Behalf of Market*, themselves, and many Hundreds who keep the same Markets, was read; setting forth, That the Farmers of the several Markets of the said City have, for several Yearslast, exacted from the Petitioners excessive Sums of Money for their Stalls, Sheds, and Stations, vastly exceeding what were ever before paid; and on Non-payment thereof, the Farmers, at Pleasure, arbitrarily turn the Petitioners out of their Stations, and seize and spoil their Goods; by means whereof, divers have been reduced to Poverty, and forced to leave the Markets, and consequently their Livelihoods: That the Petitioners have often applied themselves to the Lord Mayor, and Court of Aldermen; but had no Redress: And for that the Grounds, whereon the Markets are kept, were bought by Monies raised by the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- importing ing next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Thrown bilk, mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk.

Praters.

f~\ RD E RED, That Sir Win. and Serjeant Leave for

Hutchins have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, Members to in a Cause between Brookes and Marshall. attend Lord*.

aW. #M.

26° — 28° Jprilis.

9*

Clandestine Trade with Fmuct.

Goods distrained for lUnt.

Leave of Absence.

Lncon-

ctamned

Prizes.

Woollen

Manufacture.

AfricanCom-

p

A Person ordered to the Bar.

Act of Parliament for rebuilding the City, 8$c. and set out for Markets, pursuant to the Direction of the said Act; and that the Petitioners have not auy Redress elsewhere than before this House; and praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and to give them Redress therein.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and to report their Opinions thereon to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Guise, Sir Robert Nap-pier, Sir Rob.Dovers, Mr Slater, Lord Mr.

Mr. Cary, Lord Sherrard, Colonel Birch, Mr. Ettrick, Mr. Goldwell, Mr. Brewer, Mr. and all the

Members that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed Jby Sir. John Guise, That there was come to his Hands several Papers, Whereby it appeared, that several Goods (under Pretence of carrying Provisions to the Fleet) were sent into France, by die Connivance and Encouragement of several Officers; and that a Person was at the Door to prove the Matter aforesaid;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine into the Matter of the said Information; and to report the same to the House.

And it is referred unto Sir John Guise, Mr. Pooley, Mr. Palmes, Lord Ranelagh, Mr SlatSir

grave, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Clerke, Sir Gilbert Sir

James Long, Mr. Ettrick, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Greenvill, Mr. Colt, Sir 7 ho. Travell, Mr. Mr. Harvard, Sir

Tho. Clarges, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Mat. Mr.

Thomson, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Peter Cory ton, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Newport, Mr. Burdett, Lord Mr. Onslow, Mr. Serjeant Hutchins, Mr. England, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Holt, Sir And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are to make their Report with all convenient Speed.

An ingrossed Bill for the enabling the Sale of Goods distrained for Relit, if the Relit be not paid in a reasonable time, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be made Part of the Bill, to prevent the Killing of Sheep; and thrice read.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be made part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be made Part of the Bill, for the more speedy Recovery of Possession by Landlords upon Re-entries, and read the First time; but withdrawn.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Sale of Goods distrained for Relit, in case the Relit be not paid in a reasonable Time.

Ordered, That Air. Brewer do carry the Bill up to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir John have Leave to go

into the Country for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That the Matter touching Captain Layton be reported to the House upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill for the better Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture was presented to the House; and received.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the better securing the Trade to the Royal African Company.

Ordered, That the Alayor of Bedford be brought to the Bar of this House upon Monday Morning next.

Vox.. X.

Ordered, That the Bill for attainting all Persons guilty Attainder bf of Rebellion in Ireland, or elsewhere, against their Ala- Pert0Ij8 jesties King William and Queen Mary, and to enact and e"* l0A> declare their Estates to be forfeited and sold for Reducing of Ireland, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Then the Bill for an Oath of Abjuration of the late Oath of Ab* King James, for alLPersons in any Employment or Trust, juraUou-Ecclesiastical, Civil, or Military, to take, was read the Second time.

And the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House was divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas of CoIonel Greenville,

J ellers for the Yees,| sjr Tho

1178.

}i92.

Tellers for the Noes ISh'

I ellers toi the JNoes,|Sh. Rof)

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be rejected; The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

f Mr 1

19?.

Tellers for the Yeas, { JJJ;

Tellers for the Noes, {

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

} 165-

Sit John Lowtheracquaints the House, That, accord- King aping to their Order, he, with others of his Majesty's Privy Council, had waited upon his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, When he would be attended by this House: And that his Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended upon Monday next, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Aloming, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 28° die Aprilis;

2° Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

ORDERED, That the Committee to whom the Conunis- Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to s‘°'ners of

take the Accouipts of all the publick.....since the AccomP1*

Fifth November 1688, be revived; and do sit this After* noon at Three a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Forster's enable Sir Hum. Forster to settle and dispose Lands> Estate, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Edwards’

Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Fenwick do carry up the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of alias

Lollworth, and the Advowson of the Church of in the County of Cambridge, and divers other Lands and Hereditaments in Loleicorth aforesaid, and in Long Stanton, in the said County, in Altham Smith, of Greys Inn, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and Wm. Gore, of London, Merchant and their Heirs, in Fee Simple, in Possession, to the Use of them, and their Heirs, for the Use of John Edwards, of Debden Hall in the County of Essex, Esquire, and his Heirs, to the Intent the same may be sold; and the Bill intituled, An Act for enabling ‘ the Sale of Goods distrained for Relit, if the Relit be not paid in a reasonable Time; to the Lords.-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act price of for reviving a former Act, for regulating the Measures Coal*, and Prices of Coals, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time To j morrow Aloming.

A Bill

Uadson’i

Hay Company,

Ditto.

Wynne’s

Estate.

Woollen

Mauutac-

tur«.

392

28° — 290 Aprilis. A. 1690.

A Bill for ^confirming, to the Governor and Company trading to Hudson's Bay, their Privileges and Trade, was real:! the Second time.

Resolved \That the Bill be committed to Mr.

son, Sir Humph. Forster, Mr. Mr. Foley, Mr.

Burdet, Sir John Ernly, Sir John. Bolls, Sir Edw. Abney,

Colonel Birch, Sir Rob. Daverse, Mr. Jlforland, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Sir Thom. Hussey, Mr. Gray, Sir Jos. denham, Mr. Guy, Sir Sam. Bernadisto/i, Sir Price, Sir Math. Andreices, Sir Ro!>ert Mr.

Jeild, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Herne, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Pitts, Sir John Dorrell, Sir John Chichly, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Shcrrard, Mr. Boxoyer, Sir Jac. Aslily, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Fenxrick, Mr Harcourt, Sir Gee, Mr. Mr.

Godolphin, Mr. Colt, Mr. England, Mr. Mr.

Perry, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir Langhan, Mr. Parker, and all the Members of the House that are Merchants; and that serve for the City of London; and that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Master, Warden, and Assistants of the Company of Feltmakers of the City of London, was read; setting forth. That the confirming the Charter of the Hudson's Bay Company by Act of Parliament will tend to the monopolizing the sole Use and Trade to those Parts in their own Hands; which will quite ruin the

Russia Trade, and bea great Hindrance to the Petitioners, and the whole Trade of Peltmaking in England: And praying the Petitioners may have a Copy of the said Company’s Charter delivered to them, in order to enable them to give their further Reasons against the said Bill, before the same doth pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for confirming to the Governor and Company trading to Hudson's Bay, their Privileges and Trade, is committed.

Mr. Femoick reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for vesting the Estate o f Ca Esquire,

in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, was re-committed, That they had considered of the several Petitions of Bevis Lloyd, Esquire, and Mr. Geo. JVadly: And that the Counsel for Mr. Lloyd insisted, That Mr. claimed some Part of the said Estate, by Conveyance from Mr. Cadioallader JPynnc: And therefore prayed a particular Clause might be inserted in the Bill, for reserving unto the said Mr. Lloyd his Right: But, being asked, if he had any Clause to produce; answered, That he had not: But desired Mr Lloyd'sName might be particularly inserted in the general Clause of Saving; urging, That, if it were not, the Act would not be satisfactory to any Purchaser that Should have Recourse to the same; further adding, That it was usual so to do: But that the Committee was of Opinion, That the General Clause in the said Bill, for reserving the Right of all Persons whatsoever, except the said Wynne, and his Brothers, and their Children, is a sufficient Reservation to Mr. I^loyd, and all other Persons whatsoever, without being particularly named: And also That the other Petitioner Mr. had consented, and

is satisfied with the said Clause of Reservation: And that the Committee thereupon had agreed to the Bill, with several other Amendments: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That Thomas Williams, of Hallin in the County of Flint, Esquire, be inserted throughout the

Bill, as a Trustee.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the better Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, after Ten a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for settling the Customs upon their Supply Bill; Majesties, was read the Third time. Tonage, &c.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill up to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Mayor of Bedford attending, according to the Privilege-Order of the House; he was called in to the Bar: And, upon his humble Acknowledgment of his Misbehaviour Custody. r°m and Submission;

Ordered, That he be discharged out of his Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Mr. Rich. Stafford, now in Custody of A Person in the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be delivered Ctt8to<1y dl5* over to the Custody and Care of his Father. ar^ed'

An ingrossed Bill to regulate Elections of Members to Cinque Forts serve in Parliament for the Cinque Ports, was read the Elections. Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to declare the Right and Freedom of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Cinque Ports.

Ordered, That Mr. Chadxcick do carry the Bill up to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will, Securing the Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself Government, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads for a Bill to secure the present Government under King William and Queen Mary, against the late King James, and all his Adherents.

Ordered, That the Report, touching the Return and Hartford Election for the County of Hartford, be made upon Election. nesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tiens be adjourned until Wednesday next, in the After- of Privilege*, noon.

And then the House adjourned till Four a Clock this Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House met, in order to attend his Majesty: House at-

tends the

And then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, KlnS* Eight of the Clock.

Mart is, 29* die Aprilis;

2° Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Forster* Act to enable Sir Humphry Foreslek to settle and Estate, dispose Lands, was read tsie Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Fenxvick, Sh Mr.

Haxvtry, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Price, Sir Mark Mr. Morland, Sir John Jennings, Sir Lord

Cheney, Sir Or lan. Gee, Sir Wm.Whitlock, Sir Dovers, Mr. Buckenham, Mr. Waller, Mr. Blorujicld, Sir

Tho. Mompesson, Colonel Beaumont, Mr. Windham, Mr.

Parker, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Borwyer, Serjeant Blincoe, Mr. Jennings, Colonel Birch, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Bockland, Sir Jerv. Elxces, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Browne; and all the

Members that serve for the Counties of Berkes, Bucks,

Surry,

2 W. & M. 29"' Aprilis.

Wynne's

Estate.

Pri-e of: Coals.

African

Company.

Answer to Address.

Surry, and London and Middlesex .* And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three a Clock, in the Speaker’s. Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to vest the Estate of Cadre edict der Wynne, Esquire, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to vest the Estate of C Esquire,

in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Fenwick do carry the Bill up to the Lordsaind desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for reviving a former Act, for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. staffe, Major Grubb, Sir Cha. Mr. Mr.

Bltru'feild, Sir Cha. Gerrard, Mr. Price, Mr. Done, Sir Phil. Skippon, Sir Rob. Colton, Colonel Birch, Lord Castle-

ton, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Forster, Lord Cheny, Mr. Har-court, Mr. Speake, Sir Mark Sir Rob.

Mr. Goldzccll, Sir Edw. Abney, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Foley, Mr. Afor land. Sir Rob. NappierMr. Fuller, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Sir Fra. Alassam, Mr. Hawtry, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Hawtry, Sir EdwAbney, Sir Orlan. Gee, Mr. England, Sir Ralph Carr, Sir John Cutler, Lord Castleton, Sir Edm. Jennings, and all the Members that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and Counties of Alidd/esex, Surry, and Suffolk, and for the Sea

Ports: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Bffeild, and others, Owners of the Ship Henry and William, was read; setting forth, That,

in Alay 1683, the Petitioners bought and fitted out the said Ship for the Coast of Africa, whither she set Sail; but, not being designed to trade in any Pails to which that Company trades, That the said Ship and Cargo, in her Voyage upon the High Seas, before she came near any of their Ports, was taken by Captain Castle, Commander of the Orange Tree, and afterwards, delivered to Hen. Nurse, the Company’s Agent; and by him condemned, and made Prize, and the Master and Seamen made Prisoners, to the Damage of the Petitioners Three thousand Pounds: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for securing the Trade to the Royal African Company of is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for securing the Trade to the Royal African Company.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, that he, with the House, did Yesterday attend his Majesty, and present the humble Thanks of this House to his Majesty, for the great Care he has expressed of the Church of England, in the late Alterations he has made in the Lieutenancy of the City of London: And that his Majesty was pleased thereupon to say;

Cloth is exported by the Turkey Merchants, who usually import nearly Three Fourth Parts of the Returns in raw Silk: And being sensible, very great Quantities of Thrown Silk are imported from several Places, whereby the Importation and Vent of the raw Silk is much lessened, and the Sale of such the Petitioners Cloths much impaired thereby, and praying the House to apply such Remedies for discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk, as to them Should seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Aides Coqlce and Sir John Francklyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Amend- Earl of ments made by this House to the Bil, for enabling the Essex’s Earl of Essex to make a Jointure; and also to the Amend- Jointure' ments to the Bill for making Provision for the Earl of Shaflburyes Daughters and younger Sons; and also to "eJrand’s the Amendments to the Bill for naturalizing David 1 Legrand, and others.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Baron Nevill and Baron Lechmore;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Queen’s An Act for the Exercise of the Government by her Regency. Majesty, in the Absence of his Majesty: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of John Perwer Lord of Dccies, was presented to the House:

And was called in to the Bar, and owned the same: And, while he was at the Bar, the said Petition was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is eldest Son of Richard Earl of Tyrone, now in Arms with the late King Janies in Ireland: That the Petitioner was born and bred in England, in the Protestant Religion, by his Grandfather the Earl of Anglesey, till he was demanded home to his Father: Who using divers means to convert him a Papist, but failing the rein, he banished him from his House, without allow ing him any Subsistence: That, upon the Petitioner’s Father’s Marriage with his Mother, he made a Settlement of all his Estate in Ireland upon his Heirs Male by her, with several Remainders over: That by the Bill before this House, for attainting all that are in Rebellion against their Majesties in Ireland, the Petitioner’s Father’s Estate, so settled, w ill become forfeited, and his Blood corrupted; whereby the Petitioner will not only lose the Benefit of the said Settlement, but his Right also to the Honour: And praying a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, to save the Petitioner his Right to the Remainder, and Honour; and to invest the aforesaid Estate immediately upon him, notwithstanding any Incumbrances thereon, contracted by the Petitioner's Father, to any forfeiting Persons, now in Rebellion against their Majesties, in Prejudice to the Petitioner.

And he being w ithdrawn;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Bill for attainting such as are in Rebellion in Ireland, or elsewhere, against their Majesties, be read a Second time.

Lord Deeies’ Claim to his Father's lor-feited Estate.

" Gentlemen,

"It shall be always my Endeavour to employ such Persons as shall be most serviceable to the Church and State."

Detention of Sir Thomas Lee acquaints the House, from the Admi-d" UDC^- rally Board, How the Matter stands touching Captain emne ue- Layton \against w hom one Bogill, and others, did for-

merly Petition this House.

Importing A Petition of the Clothiers of the City of Worcester was

thrown Silk, . setting forth. That the greatest Part of Woollen Vox.. X.

A Bill for regulating Servants was presented to the Regulating House; and received. Servants.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Queen’s for the Exercise of the Government by her Majesty, in Regency, the Absence of his Majesty, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Then the House, according to the Order of Yesterday, Securing the resolved into a Committee of the -whole House, to Government.

5 G consider

394 — 3°° 1690.

consider of Heads for a Bill to secure the Government under King William and Queen against the late

King James, and all his Adherents.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had taken into Consideration the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards, delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, as One Head for a Bill for the securing the Government under their present Majesties, against the late King James and all his Adherents, That, by Order from their Majesties, the Lord Lieutenants, and Deputy Lieutenants, be impowered to draw together the Militia, with a Month’s Pay, notwithstanding the Month’s Pay already advanced to the Militia be not yet reimbursed; and for a longer Time than the Law already allows.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, as another head for the Bill, all Papists, or reputed Papists, be obliged forthwith to repair to and continue at their respective Dwellings; and not to depart from thence above the Distance of Miles, without Licence;

and that, if they be found at a greater Distance, they be taken to be Papists convict, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ' That, as another Head for the Bill, a Test, or Declaration of Fidelity to the Government under their present Majesties King William and Queen Mary, against the late King James, and all his Adherents, and all other Enemies to the present Government, as it is now established in Church and State, be enjoined to be made, repeated, and subscribed by all Persons above Sixteen Years of Age.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, as one Head for a Bill for the securing the Gov ernment under their present^ lajesties, against the late King James, and all his Adherents, That, by Order from their Majesties, the Lord Lieutenants, and Deputy Lieutenants, be impowered to draw together the Militia, with a Month’s Pay, notwithstanding the Month's Pay already advanced to the Militia be not yet reimbursed; and for a longer Time than the Law already allows.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, as another Head for the Bill, all Papists, or reputed Papists, be obliged forthwith to repair to and continue at their respective Dwellings; and not to depart from thence above the Distance of Miles, without Licence; and that, if they be

found at a greater Distance, they be taken to be Papists convict, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

The Third of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, as another Llead for the Bill, a Test, or Declaration of Fidelity to the Government under their present Majesties King William and Queen Mary, against the late King James and all his Adherents, and all other Enemies to the present Government, as it is now established in Chinch and State, be enjoined to be made, repeated and subscribed by all Persons above Sixteen Years of Age.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill upon the Resolutions aforesaid.

And it is referred to Colonel Granville, Sir John ther, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Serjeant Mr.

Foley, Mr. Fenxeick, Sir 7 ho.Lee, Major Vincent, Sir

Jonu. Jennings, Sir Jos. Williamson, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Finch, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Christopher , Sir

Gilbert Clarke, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Tho. Littleton, Lord

Digby, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. BickerSir Guise,

Mr. Serjeant Blincoe, Lord Falkland, Mr. Harcourt, Mr.

Serjeant IIutchins, Mr. Serjeant Tremaine, Sir

ncy, Mr. Windham, Sir Fra. Blake, Sir Tho. Sir

Sam. Bernadiston, Mr. Cary, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr.

Roberts, Mr. Papil/ion; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, at Five a Clock.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume Memb«rs to go out of Town, without Leave from the House. "ot to leav*

° Town.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday Call of the Morning next. House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit Committees, this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Gxeyn and Mr. Harcourt be added London to the Committee to whom the Petition of divers People, Mariwte-of several Callings, who attend the Markets of the City of London, is referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning London next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Commit- Orphan*, tee of the whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30° die Aprilis;

2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

SI It Edmund Jennings reports from the Committee to Forester’s whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate. An Act to enable Sir Humphry Forester to settle and dispose

Lands, was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, without any Amendments.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Jennings do carry the Bill up to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

A Petition of Benj. Ravelinsw-as read; setting forth, African

That the Petitioner, being upon the Coast of Africa, on Company, board the Alligator Sloop, whereof he was Commander, was, Twenty-sixth February 1686, taken in Paccarada Road, by the Ship Princess Anne, belonging to and under the Commission of the Af rican Company; and, with the Petitioner, as Prisoner, carried to Cape Coast, and from thence to the Island of Berbadocs; where the Petitioner was detained Five Months; and forced, upon his Release, to pay Five Pounds for his Prison Fees: And praying to have Satisfaction from the said Royal African Company, for the Loss of the said Ship and Loading, and his Imprisonment.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better securing the Trade to the Royal African Company, is committed.

A Complaint was made to the House, by Sir VcrcFane, Distres* one of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Kent, under Land That several Commissioners for the said County, appoint- Tax Acted to execute the Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Twelve-pence in the Pound, having in October last issued out the Warrants to one George Ditch, a Collector, to distrain, in Default of Payment of the said Tax; and that the said Ditch having accordingly made a Distress of a Horse, and sold the same, according as the Act of Parliament directs; and that, notwithstanding the said Distress had been enjoyed severalMonths, one Michaell Finch,

of

Leave for Members to attend Lords.

Berenger's

Estate.

Process of Capias.

/ulnage

Duty.

Supply Bill; Forfeitures*

Importing Thrown Silk.

a W. <£/ M. 30 0 Jp395

of Milton, an Attorney at Law, atld Nicholas Clapson, a Bailiff, had caused a Horse, so distrained and sold, to be violently taken away from the Person who bought the same, when the said Horse was in the Plough, and threatened to ruin the Collector; and being summoned before the Commissioners, had, with Rudeness, peremptorily justified the same Proceedings, to the great Discouragement of those that act in their Majesties Service:

Ordered, That the said Michael Finch, and Nicholas Clapson, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the said Complaint.

Ordered, That the said George Ditch do attend this House de die in diem, till the Matter aforesaid' be examined by this House.

Ordered, That Serjeant Hutchins, Mr. Finch, and Sir JVm. Williams, have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Dod and

Mr. Price reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Tho. Bcrcnger, Esquire, to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts, was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, with Amendments: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and agreed unto by the House, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7, L. 1S, after " Berenginsert " and Rich. Bercnger the younger;" and, instead of " his," in the same Line, read " their."

The said Bill, with the Amendments, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Price do carry the Bill up to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House doth agree thereunto, with the said Amendment; and desire their Lordships Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for taking away Process of Capias for Debts under Forty Shillings, was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were onCe read throughout; and afterwards a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for collecting the Duty of Aulnage at the Custom House, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That their Majesties Counsel be heard, at the Bar of the House, upon the said Bill, before the House do resolve itself into a Committee upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Colonel Granvi/e reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare and bring in a Bill to' vest the Five hundred Pounds Forfeitures in their Majesties, That they had prepared a Bill accordingly: Which he presented to the House.

The said Bill w as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers of in the County of Gloucester, was read; setting forth, That the great Dependance of the Petitioners Trade depends upon the Turkey Merchants; which now many Thousands of People are sensible of the Decay, chiefly obstructed by the Wrant of Vend of the raw Silk, by reason of great Quantities of Thrown Silk imported from other Places, no way the Effects of our Cloth: And praying the Con-Vol. X.

sideration of the House in the Premises, by removing all Discouragements of the Woollen Manufacture.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole IIor.se, to whom the Bill for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk, is committed.

Resolved, That the House will,'upon Friday Morning London next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Commit- Corporation, tee of the wdiole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for reversing the Judgment upon the Quo Warranto against the City of London; and for restoring the City to its ancient Privileges.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Commis-whom the Bill for the appointing and enabling Commissioner* of sioners to take an Account of all Publick Monies, since Accounts* the Fifth Day of November 16S8, was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Queen’s for the Exercise of the Government by her Majesty, in Regency, his Majesty’s Absence, was read tire Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

Then the Question was put, That the House do now importing immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Thrown silk. House, to consider of the Bill for discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Telle,-s for the Yeas,g{[; j >34-

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Miles Cocke and Sir John IrancUin:

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have agreed to the Bill for Goods dis-the enabling the Sale of Goods distrained for Relit, in trail,8(* case the Relit be not paid in a reasonable Time; and Relit* also the Bill for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy Supply Hill; of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money Touage, &c. payable upon Merchandize exported and imported; w ithout any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges Hertford and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Double Election. Return and Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Hertford w as referred, the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: The which he produced in Writing: And delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That, upon hearing the Merits of the Double Return and Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Hertford,

The Question was, Whether Sir Charles Ccesar, or Ralph Freeman, Esquire, was duly returned and elected to serve for the said County.

And the Determining of that Question depended upon the allowing, or not allowing, the Voices of Seventy-three Quakers.

And it was agreed, If the Quakers were allow ed to be good Voices, then Sir Charles Cccsar was elected: If the Quakers were not allowed, then Mr. Freeman was elected: For, with the Quakers, the Number of the Poll was thus: For

Sir Cha. Cccsar 1,415.

For Mr. Freeman 1,368.

That,

Importing Thrown Silk.

Thetford

Election

30° Aprilis. — 1 ° Mail.

A 1690.

That, as to the Quakers, the Case was this:

All the other Freeholders that had polled, had sworn themselves to have a Freehold of Forty Shillings Annum, and were entered in the Poll Book: And afterwards the Quakers came in a Body; and delivered in a List of Seventy-three Quakers, with their respective Freeholds, to one DaniellThomas, who had a Deputation from the High Sheriff to act in the said Election, but was not sworn.

Mr. Thomas said, he polled the Seventy-three Quakers, by calling over the List; one of which Quakers was for Mr. Freeman, the rest for Sir Charles though the

Noise was so great he could not hear them all answer to their Names when they were called over: That the Quakers refused to swear; but offered to give a Bond of the Penalty of Four thousand Pounds, or Five thousand Pounds, that all in that List were Freeholders: That Daniell Thomas knew Two of them; and some others told him, They knew more of them to be Freeholders: And that the List of the Quakers was annexed by the High Sheriff of the County himself, as Part of the Poll.

The Counsel for Sir Cha. Caesar did say, they could prove the Quakers in the List had Freeholds of Forty Shillings a Year: But were ordered to withdraw.

And that the Committee, upon Debate of the Matter, Whether Quakers Should swear their Freeholds before the Sheriff, came to several Resolutions: Which Mr Grey read in his Place: and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read: and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Quakers having a Freehold; and refusing to take the Oath, when tendered by the Sheriff; are incapable of giving their Votes for Knights of the Shire, for that Reason.

Resolved, That Ralph Freeman, Esquire, is duly returned and elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Hertford.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

The Question was put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution; That Quakers having a Freehold; and refusing to take the Oath, when tendered by the Sheriff; are incapable of giving their Votes for Knights of the Shire, for that Reason.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {J£ } -97-

Tellers for the Noes, } 122.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution; That Ralph Freeman, Esquire, is duly returned and elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend, to amend the Return of Knights of the Shire for the County of Hertford.

And the House being informed, that he was at the Door;

He was called in; and amended the Return accordingly, at the Table, by taking from off the File the Indenture by which Sir Tho.Pope Blunt, and Sir Cha. Caesar, were returned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges, touching the Double Return and Election of Burgesses for the Borough of Thetford in the Counties of Noifollce and Suffolke, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Rate have Notice to attend this a Member House, in his Place upon Friday Morning next. to attend.

An ingrossed Bill to take away all Process of Capias for Process of Debts under Forty Shillings, was read the Third time. Capias.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act to take away all Process of Capias for Debts, or Damages under Forty Shillings.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill up to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House being informed, that Sir John and Member*

Mr. Norleizh, are gone out of Towm, without Leave of suin.moned, the House f

Ordered, That the said Sir John and Mr. Absence.

Norleigh, be summoned by the Serjeant to attend this House forthwith.

Ordered, That Mr. Gzcyn and Mr. Thomson be added Fees of to the Committee appointed to examine into the Fees Officers of belonging to the Officers of the House. the ^ou,e'

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 1* Mail

2* Gulielmi etMariae.

Praters.

ABI L L to charge the Manors of Dally and Brough- Prideaux'* ton, the Estate of the late Lord Jeffryes, with Claim on Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, LordJelites, and Interest, to Edmund Prideaux, Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Wm.Eyre, Esquire, Bailiff of the Liberty South warte of the Town and Borough of Southzcarke was read; set- Court of ting forth, That the City of London, in 1684, did grant Conscience, the Bailiwick of the said Borough, and Towns thereto belonging, to the Petitioner, under a great Relit, and several other Payments for the same: That, by the Bill before this House, for erecting a Court of Conscience in the said Borough; whereby new Officers are appointed to execute all Process, and receive the Profits thereof, in the stead of the Petitioner; which will tend not only to his Ruin, but to the great Detriment of the City, touching the Premises: - And praying to be heard by his Counsel against the said Bill, before the same ’doth pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for the Borough of Southwarke, and other Parishes within the weekly Bills of Mortality, is committed.

A Petition of several Owners of Land, and their Te- Thames nants, bordering on the River of Thames, and within the Conservancy. Jurisdiction, as is pretended, of the Lord Mayor and Citizens of London, was read; setting forth, That the Water Bailiff of the River of Thames, under such pretended Powers, hath very unduly and oppressively exacted great Sums from the Inhabitants living on the Banks of the River, for letting down Stairs on their own Freeholds, and taking Compositions for the same; or drawing such as refuse to become, as it were, his Tenants, into the Lord Mayor’s Courts of Conservancy, or Hall;

whereby many, not able to go to Daw, have been grieve-ously oppressed: And whereas many Suits have been had with Owners of Land on the Banks of the said River, supported by the like pretended Powers of the Lord Mayor; whereby many have lost their Rights, for want of being able to maintain their Suits; and that Tolls and Taxes have been illegally exacted, as well within their Liberties as M'ithout, by the City Officers; and praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Redress therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition hq referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Persons, of divers Callings, which keep the Markets of 14 the

Reversing

Judgment

against

Arnold.

Woollen

Manufacture.

Westminster, &c. Streets.

African

Company.

Leave for 1V1 ember to attend Lords.

Privilege.

Supply Bill; Forfeitures.

Queen's

Regency.

Committees.

aW.SJ’M. i° — 2° Mali.

'397

the City of London, on behalf of themselves and Hundreds more, who keep the Markets, is referred. Veneris, 2* die Maii;

Mr. Arnold desiring Leave to withdraw his Bill, for reversing the Judgment given against him in the King’s Bench;

Ordered, That lie be at Liberty to withdraw the same accordingly.

A Bill for the better Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Bill for the Paving and Cleansing of the Streets, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Roberts, Lord Cheny, Sir Robert Cotton, Serjeant IVogan. Sir Rob.

Rich, Sir Car. Price, Sir Jerv. Sir John Guise,

Mr. Neuport, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Sir Tho.

Mompesson, Mr. Colmore, Mr. Mr. Waller, Sir

Rob. Davers, Lord Commissioner Maynard, Mr.

Sir Wm. Poultney, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Arnold, Mr Sir Orl. Gee, Mr. Fuller, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir Sam. mdiston, Dr. Barbon, Sir Walter Clarges, Mr. Done, Mr. Cary, Sir Christopher Wren, Mr. Burdctt, and all the' Members that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and Borough of Southwarke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the better securing the Trade to the Royal African Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Crooke and Watts.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee appointed to search Precedents upon the Petition of Mr. Montague, be made upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill to vest in their Majesties the Five hundred Pounds Forfeitures, and for the speedy levying the same, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Exercise of the Government by her Majesty, in the Absence of his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move the House, That the Committee may have Leave to sit again upon Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then , the House adjourned till Tommorrow' Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Vol. X.

2* Gulielmi et Maris.

Praters.

C IR Joseph Tredenham reports from the Committee to East India kJ whom it was referred to consider of the East India Company. Trade, and how it may be managed to the best Advantage of the Nation, and to prepare and bring in a Bill or Bills for that Purpose, That the Committee had considered of the Matters referred to them; and had prepared a Bill for the Confirmation of the Charters to the East India Company, until another Company shall be established by Act of Parliament; which he presented to the House.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second Time after Ten a Clock.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Inhabitants, and Bur- Plympton gesses of the ancient Town and Bailiwick of Plympton in Election, the County of Devon was read; setting forth, That, by a Grant in the Reign of King Henry the Third, the Bailiff,

Freeholders, and Inhabitants, had Power to elect and return Tw’o Burgesses to serve in Parliament: Which continued till Queen Elizabeth's Reign; when, by some undue Means, a Charter was procured to make the said Town become a Mayor Town; who by making Foreigners Freemen thereof, have usurped the Power of Election, and Right of Returns, from the Petitioners; thereby debarring them from voting for Rich. Strode, and Peter Fortescue, Esquires: And, having surrendered the said Charter to the late King James, had procured a new one; whereby a greater Power is pretended, in depriving the Petitioners of their Right: and praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

A Petition of Richard Strode, and Peter Fortescue, Ditto* Esquires, was read; setting forth, That, the late Election for the Town of Plympton in the County of Devon being declared void by this House, and a new Election ordered, the Petitioners were duly elected thereat by the Majority of the ancient and legal Votes of the said Borough; but that John Tozer, the pretended Mayor (though he lives Three Miles distant from the said Borough), committing divers illegal and arbitrary Acts in Hindrance of the Petitioners Election; and hath since very wrongfully returned Sir George Treby, their Majesties Attorney General, and John Pollexfen, Esquire, as duly elect, in manifest Injury to the Petitioners, and the said Borough: And praying a Day may be appointed for hearing the Matters aforesaid.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Petitions; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Sir Thom. Littleton reports from the Committee to Paper whom the Bill for encouraging and better establishing the Manufacture. Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom, was committed,-That they had heard the Counsel for the Paper-makers of Kent and Surrey; and that, in relation to them, a Proposition waS made, and agreed to, That they might make all Paper under Four Shillings per Ream, and that the Company might make all Paper above that Price; and that the Bill was made accordingly: And that, as to the Petitions of the Dean and Canons of Windsor, and the Lady Ivy, there were particular Provisoes agreed on relating to them: And, as to the Paper-sellers Petition, that they had no Counsel at the last Sitting of the Committee: And therefore the Committee proceeded, and had agreed to the Bill, with several Amendments and Clauses: Which the said Sir Thomas Littleton read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were all read once throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Housp,

5 H A Clause

Leave of Absence.

Be ranger's Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Wynne’s

Estate.

Cinque Ports Elections.

Royal Assent to Bills.

39$ a* — 3

A Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, to enjoin the taking the Oaths appointed by the Statute in the first Year of their Majesties Reign, in the stead of the former Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy: Which was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill,- for saving the Rights of the ancient Paper-makers, in making Paper in such manner as they used to do: Which was once read.

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question was put. That the Bill be re-committed: And

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Clause, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Holmes have leave to go into the Country.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Franklin;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Berenger to sell I-ands, for Payment of his Debts.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Gourdon have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Francklyn;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vest the Estate of Wynne,

Esquire, in Trustees, for the Payment of his Debts, without any Amendments:

And also, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for declaring tire Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Cinque Ports, with Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thom. Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That his Majesty has been pleased to give the Royal Assent to Two publick Bills, and Ten private Bills; viz.

An Act for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported.

An Act for enabling the Sale of Goods distrained for Relit, in case the Relit be not paid in a reasonable time.

An Act to enable Algernoon Earl of Essex to make a Wife a Jointure; and for raising of Monies for Payment' of Six thousand Pounds borrowed to make up the Lady Morpeth's Portion; and to make a Settlement of his Estate on his Marriage.

An Act for the making some Provision for the Daughters and younger Sons of Anthony Earl of

An Act for the Sale of the Capital Messuage or Mansion House of Harlfot'd, and Manor of Great Marlow, and other Lands, in the County of Bucks.

An Act to enable Sir Robert Fenwick to sell Lands, for Payment of his Debts.

An Act for confirming a Settlement made by Sir Hugh Middleton, Baronet, for a separate Maintenance for Dame Dorothea his Wife, and for other Trusts; and for the better euabling Trustees to sell Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts.

1 Mail, ’ 1690.

An Act, whereby the Freehold and Inheritance of the Manor of Loleworth, alias Lollworth, and the Advowson of the Church of Loleworth, alias Lollworth, in the County of Cambridge, and divers other Lands and Hereditaments in Loleworth aforesaid, and in Long Stanton in the said County, are vested in Altham Smyth, of Grayes Inne in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and Wm. Gore, of London, Merchant, and their Heirs, in Fee-simple in Possession, to the Use of them, and their Heirs, in Trust for John Edwards, of Debdon Hall in the County of Essex, Esquire, and his Heirs, to the Intent the same may be sold.

An Act to enable Sir Humph. Forster to settle and dispose of Lands.

An Act to enable Thomas Berenger, Esquire, to sell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts.

An Act to vest the Estate of Wynn,

Esquire, in Trustees, for the Payment of his Debts.

An Act for Naturalizing of David Legrand, and others.

Mr. Anthony Row attending in his Place, according to the Order of Wednesday last;

Sir E(hv. Scymot' acquainted the House with a Paper, which would be proved wras dispersed by Mr. Rou', reflecting upon their Majesties Government, and upon several Members of the last Parliament: And he brought the same up to the Table: Where the same was read, being intifuled, " A Letter to a Friend, upon the Dissolution of the Parliament, and the Calling of a new one; together with the List of those that were against making the Prince and Princess of Orange King and Queen."

And a Debate arising thereupon;

And the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Telte for the Yea,:

Teller, for the Noe*: } *8°'

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Paper, intituled, " A Letter to a Friend, upon the Dissolution of the Parliament, and the Calling of a new one; together with a List of those that were against making the Prince and Princess of Orange King and Queen," is a false and scandalous Libel, reflecting upon their Majesties, and their Government, and the Rights and Privileges of Parliament.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for reversing the Judgment in a Quo JFarranto against the City of London, and restoring the City to its ancient Privileges.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Thursday Mom-itig next, at Ten of the Clock, hear Counsel at the Bar; and afterwards resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for collecting the Duty of Aulnage at the Custom-house.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 3* die Maii;

2* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

THE House took into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for declaring the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Cinque Ports.

And the same, being twice read, were agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth:

1 Press,

Privilege —

Libellous

Publication.

IiOndon

Corporation.

Aulnage

Duty.

Committees.

Cinque fcorts Elections.

aW.^M. 3* Mail399

1 Press, Line 14, after " Enacted/’ insert " by the T£ing and Queen's Most Excellent Majesties."

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the . Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Southwarke Mr. Bowyer reports from the Committee to whom the

fnnirinirr Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for the Borough of Southwarke, and other Parishes within the Weekly Bills

of Mortality, in the County, of Surrey, was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, with several Amendments: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time,* one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And Blanks being left in the Bill, for the Name of the Clerk, or Register and Beadle of the Court, to be inserted, to be filled up by the House;

A Petition of Thomas Prittyman, and others, was read; setting forth, That they had been at great Expence, by Endeavours to get an Act to pass for erecting a Court of Conscience in the Borough of Southwarke, and other Out Parishes in Middlesex, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and had prepared another Bill to offer to this House for that Purpose: But that, by Order of the House, a separate Bill was to be brought in for the said Borough alone; which is accordingly done, and ready to be reported from the Committee to whom the same was committed to this House: And praying, That the Petitioners, in Recompence of such their Expence and Trouble, they, or some of them, may have their Names inserted as Registers and Clerks, or Beadles in the said Courts.

Ordered, That the Petitioners have a proportionable Satisfaction from the Borough of for all

Monies they have paid or laid out in relation to any former Bills for erecting a Court of Conscience for the said Borough, with any other Places: And that it be referred to Mr. John Gray to settle and ascertain the same.

Resolved, That the Blank for the Clerk or Register be filled up with the Name of " Robert ."

Resolved, That the Blank for the Beadle be filled up with the Name, " Gyles ."

Then the Question being put, That the Bill with the Amendments be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,-jj|j£ } 62'

Tellers for the Noes,|^j£ forvwrt,}

So it passed in the Negative.

Hetford Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges -flection. and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Double Return and Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford in the Counties of Nqrfol/ce and Suffolke, was referred, the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he produced in Writing; and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That, upon the hearing the Merits of the Double Return and Election of Burgesses for the Borough of Thetford, it appeared to the Committee, That William bord, Esquire, and Sir Fra. Guybon, Knight, were returned by Edmund Rossall, Mayor, under the old Charter of 16* Queen Elis.: And that Sir Joseph Williamson, and

Adam Felton, Esquire, were returned by John Tyrrell, Mayor, under the new Charter: And that the Merits of the Election depended upon the determining which was the right Mayor.

That it was agreed the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Ten Capital Burgesses, and Twenty Common-councilmen.

That for Sir Jos. Williamson, and Mr. Felton, the Counsel insisted, That the Charter of 16 Queen granted

Vol. X.

to the Borough of Thetford, and all other Charters and Immunities of the said Borough, were surrendered: And produced a Copy of the Surrender, dated 30th January,

34 Car. IId‘, and the new Charter, 34 Car. IP*.

That, for Mr. Harbord, and Sir Francis Guybon, the Council insisted, That the Charter of 16 was not duly surrendered, nor agreed to by the Majority of the Corporation: And called Witnesses: Who proved, That one Warmly Hetherset was elected Mayor: But John Wmdham, the Mayor then in being, refused to swear him:

Upon which several Mandamuses issued out of the King’s Bench, for the Swearing of the said Hetherset: But after- . w-ards the said Mendham, upon this Occasion, by disfranchising Three old Members, and admitting Two new ones (whereof his Son, a young Man about Seventeen or Eighteen Years of Age; and one Hobbs, who had not used to come to Church, and, upon this Occasion, received the Sacrament in a profligate Manner, by spitting the Bread out of his Mouth), procured a bare Majority for surrendering the Charter.

As to the electing a Mayor for Thetford, the Manner is thus:

The Common Council propose fwo of the Capital Burgesses to the Inhabitants, out of which they elect the Mayor; and, in case of the Death or Removal of the Mayor, the Persons that have the Right of electing have a Power, within Eight Days after, to choose another; who is to be sworn before the Recorder, or his Deputy, and other Capital Burgesses, or the major Part of them.

In the present case, one Harper, who was chosen Mayor, dying soon after he was elected; and there being but Two Capital Burgesses by the old Charter then alive; the Common Council proposed to the Inhabitants the said Rossall, who chose him Mayor; and the Deputy Recorder refusing to swear him, the said Rossall was sworn by one Pokes, an Attorney, in the Presence of the Members of the old Corporation.

That thereupon the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which the said Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charter of 16 Queen Elis, granted to the Borough of Thetford, is not duly nor legally surrendered.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Wm. Harbord, Esquire, and Sir Francis Guybon,

Knight, are duly returned and elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Thetford.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Charter of 16 Queen Elizabeth, granted to the Borough of Thetford, is not duly nor legally surrendered.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Wm. Harbord, Esquire, and Sir Francis Guybon, Knight, are duly returned and elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Thetford.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return of the said Borough.

Then the Order, for the House to resolve into a Com- importing mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Thrown Silk, discouraging the Importation of Thrown-silk, was read.

A Petition of several Merchants trading to Italy, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, long before this Sessions of Parliament, had given Orders to their Correspondents in Italy for several Quantities of Thrown-silk, whereof Part is far advanced on the Way by Land Carriage to the Ports, and Part hath been shipped a considerable time for London: And praying some Provision may be made in the Bill now before the House, for discouraging

Leave for Members to attend Lords.

Commissioners of Accounts.

Committees.

Sadleir’s

Estate.

Persons to be brought up in Custody.

400

30 — 5 Maii.

169b.

the Importation of Thrown-silk; That what is already shipped off, and on the Way as aforesaid, upon the Petitioners Account, may not be charged with any new Imposition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That Mr. Harcourtdo take the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the said Bill; but had not gone through the same.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the said Bill be referred to a select Committee.

And it is referred unto Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Lord

Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Rich. Ouslow, Sir JVm. Iloneyxcood, Sir Jos. Williamson, Mr. Foot Onslow, Mr. Ryder, Sir Bolles, Mr. England, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Bertie, Sir Sam. Dashwood, Mr. Chadwick, Sir Phil. Skippon, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Cary, Mr. Arnold, Mr. staffe, Colonel Lee, Mr. Baile, Sir Tho. Travell, Sir Vernon, Mr. Denz.Onslow, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Hussey,

Sir John Knight, Sir John Gwyn, Mr. Palmes, Sir Hen. Gough, Serjeant Tremaine, Sir Tho. Serjeant

Hutchins, Mr. Btiscawen: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber. And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That it be provided by the said Bill, That the Throwing of Silk beyond the Seas is not such a Manufacturing of it as shall give a Permission to import it within the Intent of the Act of Navigation; and also, that no Imposition be laid upon Italian Thrown-silk.

Ordered, That Serjeant Hutchins, and Serjeant Tremaine, have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between Vincent and Parker.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take an Account of all publick Alonies since 50 1618 ..... be made upon Tuesday Alorning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Alorning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 5° die 2* Gulielmi et Alariae.

Prayers.

MR. Harcourt reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for enabling Sir Edwin Sadleir to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence: and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was offered to be made in the Bill; viz. To leave out, in the Saving of Rights, the Word " Children."

Which was agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Michael Finch, and Nicholas in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Alorning.

Ordered, That George Ditch do then attend this House.

The House being informed, that the Clerk of the Thetford Crown attended, according to the Order of Saturday last; I*eUlrn

He was called in; and amended the Return for the amtr,"° Borough of Thetford, by taking from off the File the Indenture, by which Sir Joseph Williamson, and Mr. Felton,

were returned.

A Bill to prevent the Buying and Selling of Offices, Sellin<; was read the First time. Office!

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Poxcell Baronet, and Powell's

feed Powell, was read; setting forth, That Thomas Poxcell, Estate, the Petitioner's son, was seised of an Estate of about Nine hundred Pounds per Annum, in the Counties of Flint, and Chester; but was indebted considerable Sums of Aloney, particularly Four thousand Pounds, to Sir Thomas Pope Blunt, upon a Mortgage of the Cheshire Estate; and to divers others, upon Bonds, and other Securities, to the Amount of Four thousand Pounds more;

That, in order to pay such his Debts, he intended to sell the said Cheshire Estate; and proposed and offered the same to Sale accordingly; devising the same also to be sold, by his intended Will for that Purpose: But that, before the same was perfected, the said Thomas was surprised by a sudden Death; leaving a Son about Seven Years old, his Heir at Law, and Three Daughters, to whom the Petitioners are Guardians: That, there being no Settlement of the said Estates, it descends to the Heir, chargeable with the said Debts; which, with the Increase of Interest, may eat up the whole Estate: And therefore it is advised, That some Part thereof Should be sold That which was designed by the said Thomas Poxcell himself in the County of Chester, for the present Discharge of the said Debts: And praying, That Leave may be given to vest the Cheshire Estate (which is about Three hundred Pounds per Annum in Possession, besides some Reversions) in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the said Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

A Complaint being made of the Abuses of the Court Marshalsea; of the Virge, or Marshalsea;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine into, and consider of the Abuses of the said Court; and to report the same to the House.

And it is referred unto Mr. Arnold, Sir Ralph Dutton,

Air. Clerke, Mr. England, Mr. Boxc Air. Fuller, Mr. Perry, Mr. Bromley, Serjeant Hutchins. Sir Colonel Birch, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Et trick, Sir Cha. Bloys, Air.

Chace, Sir John Cotton, Serjeant Mr.

staffc, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Cha. Raleigh,

Sir Fra. Guybon, Sir Walt. Young, Mr. Air. . field; and all Alembers that serve for the City of and Counties of Essex, Hartford, Kent, Middlesex, and Surrey; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for providing necessary Carriages for their prov;j;n Majesties, in their Royal Progresses and Removals, was Carriages read the Second time. for their

Resolved, That the Bill be committed upon the Debate Majesties, of the House, unto Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Rich.

Mr. Freke, Mr. Dens. Onslow, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Air.

Chafin, Mr. May, Mr. Boxcyer, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Pitts, SirCT iris. Musgrave, Mr. Preston,

Air. Morgan, Mr. Campion, Mr. Cary, Serjeant Hutchins,

Sir John Cotton, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Sherrard, Air.

Hutchinson, Sir Cha.Raleigh, Mr. Sir Tho. Darcy,

Sir Rob. Davers, Alt'. Foot Onsh/xc, Sir Curb. Price, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hawtry, Sir Rich. Standish, Sir Orlando Gee,

Air. England, Mr. Price, Mr. Freeman, Sir Rob. Rich,

15 Sir

a W. fi* M.

Sir John Key;Mr. JVilmot, Sir Mr.

Mr. Bromley, Mr. GioynSir Vert Fane, Mr.

Sir Jervas Etwes, Sir John Parson, Mr. Ryder, Sir Fra.

Vincent, Mr. Bockland, Sir Edw. , Sir TVm. Fo-

rester, Mr. Howard, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Thompson, Colonel Birch, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Felton, Sir . Dyke, Mr. Kenyon, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr. Colt, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Preston,' Mr. Randyll, Sir Hen. Goff, Mr. Turges, Mr. Parker, Mr. Forster, Mr. Sir Sam.

nadiston, Mr. Burdet: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take care to prevent the Abuses in Pressing of Horses and Carts for Carriages for the Army.

Hudson's Bay A Petition of Robert and others, was read;

Company. setting forth, That the Petitioners were interested in Three-fourths of the Ship Expectation, Burden Eighty Ton; which Ship, in 1683, they fitted for a Voyage, with a Cargo amounting to Two thousand Pounds: But the said Ship, proceeding in her intended Voyage, was, in June following, seized, and taken at Sea near Hudsons, Streights (without the Limits of the Hudsons,..... Company’s Charter) by a Ship belonging to them, by the Direction of the Committee of the said Company: And, in bringing the said Ship and Cargo to their Bay, the Ship by the Unskilfulness of those Persons they put on board her, was cast away, and the Cargo totally lost: That the Petitioners have applied themselves to the said Company for Satisfaction; but could have no Redress; but, on the contrary have been indicted in the Crown Office, upon Pretence of infringing their Charter: And praying, That Satisfaction may be given them for such their Losses: And that they may be heard by their Counsel, before the Bill lying before the House, for the Establishing the said Company, doth pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming to the Governor and Company, trading to Hudson’s Bay, their Privileges and Trade, is committed: And the said Committee are revived: And are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock.

"Securing the Colonel Granvile reports from the Committee to whom

Government, it was referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for the better securing the Publick Peace, and preventing the Designs of Papists, and other disaffected Persons to their Majesties Government. That they had prepared a Bill accordingly: Which he presented to the House.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Privilege — Mr. Montague reports from the Committee appointed

Member tf to search Precedents upon the Petition of Wm. Montague,

Arrest! r Esquire, That they had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and also searched such Precedents or Cases, as they do conceive relate to this Case: And that the Case and Precedents are as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to them by the Books of the Marshal of the King’s Bench, That Wm. Montague, Esquire, did surrender himself to the Marshal on the Twenty-eighth of January, 1689.

But, as to the Time of his being charged in Execution, That by the Commit tit ur upon the Judgment of the King's Bench, he is said to be present in Court; and charged in Execution for the Sum of Five thousand Seventy-three Pounds, at the suit of John Lezcknor, Esquire, on the Fifth of February: But, by the Marshal’s Books, he is not charged till the Seventh of February, 1689.

That it appears by the Record in the Crown-office, That a Writ, bearing date the Sixth of February 1689, being directed to the Sheriff of Southampton, for the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament, there is returned with it an Indenture from the Borough of Stockbridge, bearing Date the One-and-twentieth Day of Vol. X.

401

February; wherein it is certified, ThatlVUliam Montague, Esquire, and Richard Whitehead, Esquire, areduly elected Burgesses for the Borough of Stockbridge, to serve in this present Parliament.

That the Committee likewise considered, Whether Mr. Montague, being in Execution on the Fifth or Seventh of February, was capable of being elected on the One-and-twentieth; and find, That my Lord Cooke affirms, That all Persons are eligible, except Aliens, Minors, and Persons attainted of Treason, or l’elony: Likewise Sir Trevor Williams, and others did serve as Members of the last Parliament, though they were charged in Execution before the Dates of the Letters of Summons.

That the Committee did, in the next Place, search for Precedents of the Method of Proceedings, which this House has used in Cases of Privilege, that did nearest resemble this; and, in the Inquiry, they observed great diversity in the Precedents, according to the Difference of Times; the Privileges of this House being less limited in some Reigns than in others, and the Method of Freeing their Members under Arrests, very different: And therefore they thought fit to have them reported according to the Order of Time in which they happened.

Thomas Thorp, 31® Ilenr. VI.

The most noted Precedent is that of Thomas Thorp, Speaker, in 31 H.VI.: And the Case was this:

The Parliament being adjourned from Reading the Twelfth November to the Eleventh of , from

thence to the Fourteenth following, , Duke of

Yorke, sued Thom. Thorp, the Speaker, in the Exchequer; got a Verdict and Judgment against him for a Thousand Pounds Damages, and Ten Pounds costs between the Twelfth of November and Eleventh ary; and took and detained him Prisoner in the W hereupon, when the Parliament met, the whole House of Commons presented a Petition for his Enlargement; which being entered in the Parliament Rolls, the Committee ordered it to be reported at large; viz.

.Request a facto per Communes pro Pro-

locutoris sui.

FAIT aremembrer que le Quatorzisme Jourde Fevever l’An suisditz, les Communes per certeines de lour Compassions firent Request au Roy, et les Seigneurs Espirituelz et Temporelz en le dit Parliament esteantz qu’ eux peussant avoir et enjoier totz les tielz Libertcs et Priviledges come ount este accustom^z, et d’auncien Temps usez pur venantes au Parlement, et concordaunt mesmes les Li berths et Priviledges, que Thom. Thorpe lour Commune Parlour, et Walter Rayle, Membres de la dit Parlement, adonques esteantz in Prison, peussent aller allour Large et Liberfo pour le boon Esploit du dit Parlement.

Rot’ Pajrliam 31*$ 320 Hen. VI. N® 25°, 26®.

Parliam 31° Hen. VI.

Declaratio facta ex Parte Duds Ebor contra Deli-berationem preedicti Proloc 26.

ITE M,the Friday, the Fifteenth Day of February, it was opened and declared to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, being in the Parliament Chamber, by the Counsel of the Duke of Yorke, That where Thomas Thorpe, the Monday the Day of the Month of , the Year of the Reign of King Harry the Vltb, the One-and-thktieth, came to the Place of the Bishop of Durham, and thence and there to be, and bear away, certain Goods and Chattels of the said Duke’s against his Will and Licence; and thereupon the same Duke tamed and took an Action by Bill in Michael Term last past, again the said Thomas, in the Court of Exchequer, according to the Privilege of the same Court, forso much that the same Thomas was one of the Court; by which Privilege he ought to be en-pleted in that Court of the Exchequer in such Cases, and in none other Court: To the which Bill the said Thomas wilfully appeared, and had divers Days to imparle at his Request and Desire; and to the said Bill and Action answered, and pleted, Not guilty: Whereupon there was awarded, in the said Exchequer, a Venire facias to the

5 I Sheriff

402

5° Matt. J. 1690.

Privilege — Sheriff of Middlesex, returnable in the said Exchequer: Detention of ^nd jhere, by the Jure that passed between the said Duke Anwu and the said Thomas, it was found, that the same Thomas was guilty of the Trespass contained in the said Bill: And the same Jurors assessed the Damages to the said Duke for the said Trespass to a Thousand Pounds, and for his Costs Ten Pounds: And thereupon Judgment was given in the said Exchequer; and the said Thomas, according to the Course of Law, was committed to the Fleet, for the Fine belonging to the King in that Behalf: and thereupon it was prayed humbly, on behalf of the said Duke, That it Should like their good Lordships, considering that the said Trespass was done and committed by the said Thomas since the Beginning of this present Parliament; and also the said Bill and Action were take and tamed, and, by Process of Law, Judgment thereupon given against the said Thomas, in Time of Vacation of the same Parliament, and not in Parliament time; and also, That if the said Thomas, Should be released by Privilege of Parliament, or the Time that the said Duke be satisfied of the said Damages and Costs, the same Duke Should be without Remedy in that behalf; that the said Thomas, according to the Law, be kept in Ward to the Time that he hath fully content and satisfied the said Duke of his said Damages and Costs: The Lords Spiritual and Temporal, notintending to impeach or hurt the Liberties and Privileges of them that were Commons for the said Commonalties of this Land to this present Parliament, but legally, after the Course of Law, to minister Justice, and to have Knowledge what the Law will weigh in that Behalf, opened and declared to the Justices the Premises; and axed of them, Whether the said Thomas ought to be delivered from Prison, by Force and Virtue of the Privilege of Parliament, O ' not: To the which Question, the Chief Justice, in the Name of all the Justices, after said Communication, and mature Deliberation had among them, answered, and said, That they ought not to answer to that Question; for it hath not yet been used aforetime, that the Justices Should in anywise determine the Privilege of this High Court of Parliament; for it is so high and so mighty in this Nature, that it may make Law, and That that is Law, it may make no Law; and the Determination and Knowledge of that Privilege belongeth to the Lords of the Parliament, and not to the Justices: But as for Declaration of Proceeding in the Lower Courts in such Cases, as Writs of Supersedeas of Privileges of Parliament, be brought and delivered, the said Chiet Justice said, There be many and divers Supersedeas of Privilege of Parliament brought into the Courts; but there is no general Supersedeas brought to surcease all Processes; for, if there Should be, it Should seem, that this High Court of Parliament, that ministereth all Justice and Equity, Should lett the Process of the Common Law; and so it Should put the Parties complainant without any Remedy, forsomiich as Actions at Common Law be not determined in this High Court of Parliament: and if any Person, that is a Member of this High Court of Parliament, be arrested in such Cases as be not for Treason or Felony, or Surety of the Pleas, or fora Condemnation had before the Parliament, it is used, that all such Persons Should be released of such Arrests, and make an Attorney, so that they may have their Freedom and Liberty freely to intend upon the Parliament. After which Answer and Declaration, it was throughly agreed, assented, and concluded by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, That the said Thomas, according to the Law, Should remain still in Prison for the Causes abovesaid, the Privilege of the Parliament, or that the same Thomas was Speaker of the Parliament, notwithstanding: And that the Premises Should be opened and declared to them that were comen for the Commons of this Land: And that they Should be charged and commanded, in the King’s Name, That they, with all goodly Haste and Speed, proceed to the Election of another Speaker. The which Premises, forasmuch as they were Matters in Law by the Commandment of the Lords, were opened and declared to the Commons, by the Mouth of Walter Moyle, one of the King’s Serjeants at Law, in the Presence of the Bishop of Ely, accompanied with other

Lords, in notable Number'. And there it was charged and commanded to the said Commons, by the said Bishop of Ely, in the King’s Name, That they Should proceed to the Election of another Speaker with all goodly Haste and Speed; so that the Matters for which the King called this his Parliament might be proceeded in, and this Parliament take good and effectual Conclusion and End.

That the King himself was not present during this Session; but the Duke of York did all Things in this Parliament by a Special Commission from the King, as followeth; viz.

Ex Rotul'Pars,31 Hen. VI. itV, N *24,

in Parliamento.

Tl/TEmorand', Pro eo quod Dominus Rex qui presens Parliamentum suum nuper apud Redyng inchoavit& tenuit, & usque quartum deciinum Diem Februarii Anno dicti Domini Regis tricesimo secundo apud Palatium suum Westm’ adjomari ordinavit, propter certas justas &ratio-nabiles Causas in eodem Parliamento, in Persona sua, interesse non potuit: Idem Dominus Rex de Avisamento & Assensu Concilii sui quasdam Literas Patentes sub Magno Sigillo suo signitas coram Dominis Spiritualibus & Tem-poralibus in presenti Parliamento dicto quarto decimo die Februarii existen’ legi fecit in haec Verba: Henricus Dei Gratia, Rex Anglia; & Francise, et Dominus Hibemias, Omnibus ad quos presentes Literae pervenerint, Salutem. Sciatis, quod cum, proquibusdam arduisS; urgentibusNe-gotiis nos Statum & Defensionem Regni nostri Angliae & Ecclesias Anglicanaecontingentibus, quoddam Parliamentum nostrum nuper apud Redyng teneri, & usque quartum decimum diem hujus instantis mensis Februarii ad Palatium nostrum Westm’r adjomari ordinavimus: Quia vero dicto Parliamento nostro, propter certas justas & rationabiles Causas, in Persona nostra non poterimus interesse: Nos de Circumspectione & Industria carissimi Con-sanguinei nostri Ricardi Ducis Ebor’ plenam Fiduciain reportant’, eidem Consanguineo nostro ad Parliamentum praedictum Nomine nostro tenend’, & in eodem proce-dend’, & ad faciend’ omnia & singula quae pro nobis, & per nos, pro bono Regimine et Gubematione Regni nostri praedicti, ac aliorum Dominorum nostrorum eidem Regno nostro pertinen’ ibidem fuerint faciend', necnon ad Parliamentum illud faciend’ & dissolvend’ de Assensu

Concilii nostri plenam Tenore presentium committimus Potestatem, dantes ulterius deAssensu ejusdem Concilii nostri tam universis & singulis Archiepiscopis, Episcopis, Abbatibus, Prioribus, Ducibus, Comitibus, Baronibus, & Militibus, cum Omnibus aliis quorum interest, ad Parliamentum, nostrum praedictum conventur’, scilicit Tenore Praesentium, firmiter in Mandatis, quod idem Consanguineo nostro intendant in Premissis in Forma praedicta. In cujus Rei Testimonium has Literas Nostras fieri feci-mus Patentes. Teste meipso, apud Westmon’, decimo tertio die Februarii, Anno Regni tricesimo secundo.

Per ipsum Regem & Concilium.

Convenit cum Recordo. Wi. Petyt.

That the Committee had likewise before them a private Act of Parliament, i* Hen. VII.; wherein is set forth, That where Richard, some time Duke of Yorke, by the Excitation, Stirring, and Moving of one Thomas Esquire, being nigh of Council with the said late Duke, grievously maligned against Thomas Thorp, for the true and faithful Service that he had done and owed to the said late King Henry the Sixth: And thereupon the said lute Duke affirmed a Bill of Trespass against the said Thomas Thorpe, in the Court of the King’s Exchequer, supposing by the same Bill, That the said Thomas Thorp Should have taken from the said Duke diversGoods and Chattels, to the Value of Two thousand Pounds; where, in Truth, the said Tho-masThorp never took nosuch Goods of the said Duke’s: by only the Commandment of the King, the said Thomas Thorp arrested certain Harnessand Habiliments of War of the said Duke: To which Action, thesaxdTh

the special Labour and untrue Means of the said Thomas Colt, was condemned to the said Duke in One thousand

25 and

5° Man.

4«3

and Ten Pounds, <Spc.: And after That the said Thomas Therefore, in the Tithe of Edw. IV. it t*as held a Privilege^-Thorpe was with the said King Henry the Sixth in the good Prescription to dig in the Ground of any Man near Field of Northampton, and there was taken Prisoner; the Sea to make Bulwarks against the King’s Enemies. and after, cruelly, and contrary to all Law and Conscience, Dyer 59. — That that was the Argument in my Lord beheaded, and put to Death in Heryngy Park. Roll' Chief Justice Dyer.

Pari' 1 H. VII. N* 26. , That the Committee likewise observed by the Record,

That this was the Case of Thomas Thorp: And there are That the Parliament in which was a Burgess,

several other Precedents in the Time of Hen. VI. and was first summoned and began Sixteenth Jan. 33 H.

Edit. IV. where Members arrested and taken in Execu- VIII.; was prorogued to 22 January, 34 H. VIII.; and tien, Sitting the Parliament, were obliged to procure was afterwards prorogued to Fourteenth ./tfttwdM/, 35 H.

Acts of Parliament for their Enlargement; viz. VIII.; That the Bill brought ogdimstTrezoynnard

William Larke, menial Servant and Attendant on Wil- was in Mich. 31 VIII. Two Years before the Summons tiam Milrede, one of the Citizens of London for the Parlia- of Parliament; That the Exigent awarded against him after ment of 8 H. VI. was arrested at Westminster, whilst at- Judgment, was dated Thirtieth June 35 VIII.; That tending the re on his Master, sitting the Parliament; and, his rendering himself was Twelfth November, 35 VIII.

upon die Petition of the Commons, there was a Special about Two Months before the Sessions began on Act of Parliament for his Enlargement Rotul' Pari’ 8 Fourteenth, 35 H. VIII: So that the granting a Writ of H. VI. N# 57. Privilege on the Two-and-twentieth.Fc£r«ary, 35 VIII.

That there was a like Act of Parliament for the En- was contrary to the Practice in the Case of Thorpe. largement of Walter Clerke, Burgess of Chippenham in That there is likewise observable a Special Clause in Wiltshire, Rot' Pari'39 H. VI. N° 9. the Writ of Privilege, that issued forth at this Time, and

Another for William Hyde, Burgess of Chippenham, runs thus Rot' Pari' 14 Edw. IV. N# 55. Cum secundum Consuetudinem in Regno nostro Angla?

Another for John Atwyll, Burgess for Exeter, Rot' hactenus obtentam & approbatam, Domini, Magnates,

Pari' 17 Edw.IV. N* 35. Milites Comitatuum, & Gives & Burgenses Civitatum

All which were arrested and taken in Execution during Burgorum ad Parliamenta nostra de Summonitione nostra the Sessions of Parliament, and their Attendance on this venientes, seu venire intendentes, aut in eisdem circa ar-House; yet released by special Acts of Parliament. dua Negotia, Statum & Utilitatem Regni nostri pnedicti But in the Time of Hen. VIII. the House proceeded concernentia, attendentes, sub Protectione nostra liberi, in another manner, as in the Case of Syc. Hil. 39 H. VIII. Rot. 39, in B. Regis.

George Ferrers, who, being arrested during the Parlia- And that by this, Privilege is not limited to eundo, ment 34 1 H. VIII. was set at Liberty by the Serjeant: morando, redeundo: but is allowed to them that design-And the Sheriffs of London, for refusing to deliver him, ed to come up to Parliament, venire intendentes. were sent to the Tower. Holinshed, p. 1582. That the next Case, in Time, is that of Thomas Fitz-

Another Precedent that the Committee considered was, herbert; which is thus reported by Moore; viz. the Case of Chamond, 3.5 H. VIII. as it is reported by Fitzherbert, 35 Eliz. was arrested in Execution on the my Lord Dyer; as followeth; Third of February, at Seven of the Clock in the Fore-

35 H. VIII. Trewinard was arrested upon an Exigent noon; and, at Ten a Clock in the Forenoon, was elected at the Suit of Skewis: And a Writ of Privilege of Parlia- , Burgess for Newcastle under Line, to serve in Parliament, ment issuing forth to Chamond, Sheriff of Cornwall; set- which was to meet on the Nineteenth February: And the ting forth, That Trewinnardwas a Burgess; and declaring House of Commons did agree, That forasmuch as he was the Custom of the Privilege of Parliament; the Sheriff arrested before he was chose Burgess, he ought not to set him at Liberty: Upon this, the Executors of Skewis have the Privilege of the House: My Lord Cooke, who brought an Action against Chamond the Sheriff: To this was then Speaker, alleging the Case of Thorp, who being he demurred; and, upon this Demurrer, these Three Speaker of a Parliament in the Time of Hen. VI. ad-Points were argued; joumed by Prorogation, the Speaker was arrested in Exe-.

l*. Whether Privilege be grantable in this Case, where cution, at the Suit of the Duke of Yorke: And the Par-aBu rgess of Parliament is arrested in an Exigent. liament meeting again, it was resolved, That the Speaker

2*. Whether, if Privilege be grantable, the Party so set Should not have Privilege; but they elected a new at Liberty shall be, for Error, discharged from the Exe- Speaker. s Reports, p. 340.

cution of the Plaintiff, or only during the Parliament. That that Case is likewise related by

3°. Admitting that Privilege is not allowable in this Who says, he was arrested Two Hours after his Election,

Case, Whether the Writ and Warrant of the King pro- but before his Indenture was returned to the Sheriff: ceeding from Parliament, be not a sufficient Excuse and Upon which Matter, there grew Two Questions;

Discharge for the Sheriff against the Plaintiff. First, Whether Mr. Fitzherbert were a Member of

For the First it was alleged, That forasmuch as the King the House,

and the whole Realm had an Interest in the Body of every Secondly, Admitting he were; yet, Whether he ought

one of the said Members, the private Interest of any par- . to have Privilege.

ticular Man ought not to be regarded; for it is a Maxim, The Judgment of the House was, That Thomas Fitz-

Quod majus dignum trahithdsc minus dignum, as was ad- herbert was, by his Election, a Member thereof: Yet he

judged in the Case in 6 Edzv. IV. That, if a Man was ought not to have Privilege in Three respects; condemned in a Trespass or Re-disseisin, and in Execu- First, Because he was taken in Execution before the tien for a Fine to the King, if he was outlawed of Felony, Return of the Indenture of his Election, his Body Should not be imprisoned at the Suit of the Secondly, Because he had been outlawed at the Queen’s Party, because the King had an Interest in his Body. Suit, and was now taken in Execution for her Majesty’s And it is concluded, That the Court of Parliament is Debt, the Highest Court, and has more Privileges than any Thirdly and lastly, In regard that he was so taken by other Court of the Realm. the Sheriff, neither sedente Parliamento, nor eundo, nor

And that, in every Case, without any Exception, every redeundo. Thus it is related by Sir Simon Dewes, from the Burgess is privileged against Arrests at the Suit of any anonymous Journal, which he so often quotes, Page 479,

Subjects: And this Case is the better, forasmuch as the 490, 502, 516, 518.

Execution was sued during the Parliament: In which Case That the next Precedent is, the Case of Sir Thom.

the Plaintiff was at Liberty to sue Execution of his Body, Shirley, in l* Jac. as follows; ,

or of his Lands or Goods: And also every Privilege is by The Parliament, in 1° Jac. was summoned to meet on Prescription; and every Prescription that is for the Ad- Nineteenth And on the Fifteenth.Uhrc^, Four Days

vantage of the Commonweal is good, though it be pre- before the Parliament rtiet, Sir Thomas Shirley, who was

judicial to any private Person.

Vol. X.

elected

404 5 0 A. 1690.

Privilege — elected Burgefls for Steymng in Sussex, was arrested, and The same Day, an Act for new Executions, to be sued ^Member°f committed to the Fleet. Page 39. after the Parliament, when the Defendants, fyc. was read

by Arrest. Upon a Motion made on his Behalf, the House ordered a Third time, and passed. 209.

a Warrant Should be directed, under the Hand of Mr. The Warden of the Fleet continuing obstinate, and re-Speaker, to the Clerk of the Crown, for a Writ of Ha- fusing to deliver Sir Thomas, unless he would give Secu-beas corpus, to bring the Body of Sir Thomas into the rity; it was ordered to commit the Warden of the Fleet House, upon Tuesday following Twenty-second March to the Tower, close Prisoner.

1603. Page 39. 2. To send the Serjeant Tomorrow, sitting the Court,

It appeared, upon Examination of the Fact, That the to require the Delivery of Sir Thomas Shirley, Eight May Execution was taken forth the Thirtieth January 1603, a _ 1604. Page 213.

Day before the Teste of the Writ; and was delivered to The Serjeant retumeth from the Fleet, says, The War-the Serjeant the Eleventh of February, before Sir Thomas den’s Wife refuseth to deliver him. was elected. Mr. Secretary Herbert reports, That his Majesty, upon

The Heads of the Debate, upon this Occasion, appear the Reading of the Precedent of Ferrers, was graciously upon the Journal; and concluded with appointing a pleased to leave it to their Liberty, to proceed in the Case Committee to consider of all the Questions and Doubts of Sir Thomas Shirley, as they thought fit. — Ninth May in this Case. — Twenty-seventh March 1604. Page 58. 1604. Page 2107.

Upon Report of the Committee, the House ordered, The First Bill for securing the Debt of Simpson being That Sympson, at whose Suit Sir Thomas was committed, found faulty, after it had passed both Houses, a new Bill and the Serjeant that arrested him, Should be committed was drawn, and passed the House in One Day. to the Tower: And that they would hear Counsel, on all Sir Roger Aston delivered from the King, That, in Parties, upon these Points: Principis, he will give his Absent at the End of the Ses-

1. Whether Privilege were to be allowed, since the sion.- — 1Tenth 1604. P.219.

Execution was taken forth before the Parliament sat. The Warden and his Wife continuing obstinate, the

2. Whether the Action was discharged. House, at last, committed him to the Prison of Little Ease

3. Where the Loss Should lie. — Ninth April 1604. within the Eleventh 1604. Page 222; and

Page 108. upon the Fifteenth, caused Sir Tho. to be delivered: And

The Argument of the Counsel, and the Precedents he was instantly admitted to sit in the House. Page 232. they used, appear in the Journal, Page 128. viz. That of That there was but Three Cases since the Statute of Hide, 14 Edzv. IV.; of Larke, 8 H.Vl.; and of Clerke, King James, that the Committee were acquainted with:

29 H. VI. The First of Sir as followeth; viz.

Upon the Reading these Precedents, Three Questions Sabbati, 9 April', 12 Jac.

were put; moveth, That Sir

1. Whether Sir Tho. Shirley Should have Privilege. Burgess of Bridport, is committed by my Lord Chancellor

2. Whether presently, or deferred till further Order. since the Time of the Summons of the Parliament, but

3. Whether we shall be Petitioners to his Majesty ac- before his Election; and prays the Direction of the cording to former Precedents, for some Course of securing House: Which is referred to the Consideration of the the Debt of the Party, and saving harmless the Warden Committees for Privileges.

of the Fleet. Jovis, 14 April', 12 Jac.

Which were all resolved in the Affirmative. Page 131. Mr. Fuller reports Sir JVm. Bampfeild's Case, That he A Bill for securing Sympsons Debt was twice read; and was committed before Election, for a Contempt, for not committed. — Page 134, Seventeenth April 1604. accepting the Offer of Sir George Wentworth.

The same Bill read a Third time; and passed. Page Question, Whether Sir committed after

144. Sent up to the Lords, Page 148. — One-and-twen- the Summons, and before the Election, for a Contempt, tieth April 1604. Ordered, upon the Question, That he shall have his

A Bill for the Relief of Plaintiffs, where the Defendants Privilege by Writ of Habeas corpus. in Execution are set at Liberty, altered in the Style; and The Second is that of Sir John Prittyman, as fol-ordered to be ingrossed Twenty-seventh April 1604. loweth:. viz.

On the Second of May, a Motion was made, to appoint The Parliament was prorogued from the Tenth No-a Committee to consider of all such Precedents as shall vember 1674, to the Thirteenth April 1675. be offered in the Particulars of Sir Tho. Shir lye’s Case On the 14 1675,

of Privilege: And there are the Copies of several Records Information being given to the House, That Sir John in your Journal. a Member of this House, is detained Prisoner

Resolved, That Sir Thomas Shirley be presently deli-, in the Prison of the King’s Bench; vered. Ordered, That the Marshal of the King’s Bench do

Ordered, upon the Question, That a Writ of Habeas bring Sir Prittyman Tomorrow Morning to this corpus shall presently be awarded for the Bringing of his House, together with the Cause of his being detained in Body, being Prisoner in the Fleet, into the House, To- Prison, from the Attendance of this House. — Fifteenth morrow at Eight of the Clock in the Morning; and a 1675.

Warrant, containing the Effect of the Order, under the The Marshal of the King’s Bench being called into the Hand of Mr. Speaker, directed to the Clerk of the House, to give an Account of the Order sent to him, to Crown accordingly. bring Sir John Prittyman to the House; and having given

1, Upon the Fourth of May, a Petition was tendered, an Account, Why he had not at present obeyed the Order; and read in the House, to be exhibited to his Majesty for the Matter was referred to the Committee of Privileges, the Royal Assent to Sir Thomas Shir lye’s Bill, presently to 20 April, 1675.

be had: Upon the Reading, it was not approved, nor Resolved, That Sir John Prittyman be delivered out of thought fit by the House to proceed in that Manner, be- the Custody of the Marshal of the King’s Bench, to ating, as was conceived, some Impeachment to the Privi- tend the Service of this House.

lege of the House. The Petition itself is entered in the Resolved, That Sir John Prittyman be delivered from Journal; and is according to the Form of those Acts that such Custody, by sending the Serjeant at Arms attending passed in the Time of Edw. the Fourth: But the House on the House, with the Mace, to bring him to the Ser-resolved, That a Habeas corpus be awarded, as before. vice of this House.

But the Warden of the Fleet denied to execute the The Third is that of Sir Rob. Holt, as followeth; viz. Writ of Habeas corpus, before the King’s Royal Assent Upon the Sixteenth of February 1676.

was procured to the Bill, for the Security of Sympson Information was given to the House, from Sir Robert

and himself; and was committed to the Serjeant Seventh Holt, a Member of the House, That he was detained May 1604. Prisoner in the Fleet at the Suit of Mr. Edm. Prideaux,

and

Queen’s

Regency.

Supply Bill; Forfeitures.

Aulnags

Duty.

Committees.

Sadleir's

Estate.

Distress trader Land Tax Act,

2 W. & M. 5® — i

and thereby hindered from attending the Service of the House.

A Petition of Mr. Edmund Prideaux was also tendered, and read: And a Debate ensuing;

Resolved, That the Matter of Sir Robert Holt his Case, being taken in Execution, and detained Prisoner in the Fleet, and thereby hindered from attending the Service of this House, be referred to a Committee. — 1 1676.

On the 22 Feb. 1676;

Resolved, That the Matter of Sir Robert Holt's Case, being detained in Prison in the Fleet in Execution, and thereby hindered from attending the Service of this House, be referred to the Committee 6f Elections and Privileges: And they are to search Precedents in the Case.

On the 2d April 1676;

Resolved, That Sir Robert Holt be delivered out of the Custody of the Warden of the Fleet, to attend the Service of this House.

Resolved, That Sir Robert Holt be delivered from such Custody, by sending the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, with the Mace, to bring him to the Service of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, take the Matter of the said Report into Consideration.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Exercise of the Government by her Majesty, in the Absence of his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had sat; and directed him to move the House, That the Committee may sit again Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for vesting the Five hundred Pounds Forfeitures in their Majesties.

Ordered, That the Matter upon the Bill relating to the Aulnage, be adjourned until Saturday Morning next

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 6* die Maii;

- 2® Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable Sir Edtvyn Sadleir to sell Lands, to pay Debts, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act to enable Sir Edwin Sadleir to sell Lands for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill up to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Michael Finch and Nich. in the Custody of

the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, being this Day brought to the Bar, according to the Order of Yesterday, to answer the Complaint made against them the Thirtieth of April last; it appeared, as well upon the Confession of the said Persons, as upon the Examination of George Hitch the Collector, That the Distress of the Horse, mentioned in the said Complaint, was made the Twenty-fifth Vot. X.

i° Maii, 405

Day of November last, for Two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six-pence, charged upon Broadstreet (the Owner of the said Horse); and that the said Horse was, according to the Act of Parliament, sold for Six Pounds Tea Shillings; and the Residue of the Money above the Tax tendered; and that the Horse had been enjoyed by the Person that bought him, till very lately, that he was taken away by the Order of the said Clapson, by the Advice of the said Finch.

And the said Finch now promising, that the said Tax Should be allowed, and Satisfaction made to the Person that bought the said Horse; thereupon, and upon the said Clapson and Finch making their humble Submission to the House;

Ordered, That the said Michael Finch and Nicholas Clapson be discharged, paying their Fees.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Havers have Leave to go into the Country for Six Days.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Adam Ottley;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the granting unto Elis. Hobby, Widow, one Annuity or yearly Relit Charge of Four hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum for her Life, in Satisfaction of Five hundred Pounds a Year in Lands, which she was to have for her Jointure: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better securing the Trade to the Royal African Company b« committed to a select Committee: And that the Consideration of the several Petitions, which have been presented to the House, and were referred to the Committee of the whole House to whom that Bill was committed, be referred to‘'the said select Committee;

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Sir Cotton,

Sir John Raymond, Sir Rob. Havers, Sir Sam. Hashzcood, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Morland, Mr. Morgan, Sir Cha.

Mr. Cary, Mr. Bloztfeild, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Fuller, Serjeant Wvgan, Mr England, Mr Sir Fra. Blake,

Sir Tho. Harcy, Mr. JValler, Mr. Brewer, Sir Car. Price, Sir Robert Edon, Sir John Knight, Mr. Sir Peter

Coryton, Sir John Bancks, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Jennings,

Mr. Harcourt, Sir Orl. Gee, Mr.' Onslow, Mr. Burrard, Mr Hone, Colonel Birch, Mr PSir

Sir Tho.Hussey, Mr. Palmes, Colonel Austin, Sir Elwes, Sir Wilfred Lawson, Mr. Waller, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Holben, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Thomhaugh, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Gray, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Greenfeild, Sir Vere Fane, Mr. Lampton, Sir Jos\ Williamson, Sir Benj. Newland, Mr. Herne, Sir Wm. Turner, Mr. Etterick: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Serjeant Hutchins have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between and Bickerstaffe.

Sir Wm.Whit lock reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take an Account of all publick Monies, since the Fifth November 1688, was committed. That they had agreed to the Bill, with several Amendments, leaving Blanks for the Commissioners Names to be nominated by the House: Which Amendments he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do lie upon the Table, in order to be further considered, and the Blanks to be filled up with Commissioners Names upon Saturday Morning next.

5 K Ordered,

Leave of Absence.

Hobby’s

Annuity.

African

Company

Leave for Member to uttend Lords.

Commissioners of Accounts.

Committee*

4°6

6° — 70 Mail. A. 1690.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to go into the

Absence. Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Call of the House.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday Morning next.

Leave for Ordered, That Mr. Finch and Serjeant Hutchins have Members to Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause be-auend Lords, tween Forster and Bernard.

A Member to Ordered, That JVm. Esquire, being returned

make his one of the Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the 'ect10"- Borough of Lanceston in the County of Cornwall, and also one of the Burgesses for the Borough of in

the Counties of Norfolke and do, Tomorrow Morning, make his Election for which of those Places he will serve.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii V die Maii;

2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hobby’s for granting unto Elizabeth Hobby, Widow, one Annu, ty-Annuity or yearly Relit Charge of Four hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum for her Life, in Satisfaction of Five hundred Pounds a Year in Lands, which she was to' have for her Jointure, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That no ingrossed Bill be brought to the Table to be read the Third time, but by the Chairman of the Committee to whom that Bill was committed, after he hath examined the same.

Prize Goods. A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to transport Prize Goods;

It passed in the Negative.

Queen’s Then the House resolved into a Committee of the

lUgency. whole House, to consider further of the Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Exercise of the Government by her Majesty, during his Majesty’s Absence.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout, and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: and are as followeth; viz.

L. 32, after the Word " ," and before the

Word " the," insert these Words, " it shall and may be lawful for the Queen’s Majestyto exercise and administer." — 36, 37, 38, lea ve out these Words, " be administered and executed by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty." — 39 and 40, leaveout these Words, " during only such his said Majesty's Absence out of this Realm of and, instead thereof, insert these Words, " for such Time only, during their joint Lives, as his said Majesty shall be absent, or continue out of this Realm of England; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding." And add the Clause A:

" Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall be taken or construed to exclude or debar his Majesty, during such his Absence out of this Realm, from the Exercise or Administration of any Act or Acts of Regal Power or Government, within this Realm, the Kingdom of Ireland, or any other their Majesties Dominions whatsoever: And that neither the passing of this Act, nor his Majesty’s Royal Voyage or Absence out of this Realm, shall be any way taken or construed to dissolve this present Parliament, or avoid or determine any Commission or Commissions which have been, or shall be, granted by his or their Majesties; nor to avoid any other Act or Acts of Government executed, or to be executed, by his Majesty." Ordered, That the Proviso be ingrossed.

Ordered, That* the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Westminster, Ordered, That Sir Tho.Littleton koA Sir Thomas Tra-

&c. Streets. veil be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for Paving of the Streets, is committed.

Ingrossed

Bills.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, was read a Second- Debtors time. Belief.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Christy, Sir Rob.Napier, Mr. Price, Mr. Buckenham, Serjeant IVogan, S'\r Tho. Dar eye, Mr. Hawtry,

Sir I Em. Cooper, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Sir

Musgrave, Lord Digby, Sir Car.Price, Sir Bloys,

Colonel Birch, Mr. Bedingjicld, Sir Tho. Mr.

Bromley, Sir Fra.Guybon, SirOrl.Gce, Mr. Sir Fra.

Vincent, Mr. Bawyer, Major Vincent, Mr. Kenyon, Sir Tho. Hussey, Sir jac.Asllley, Sir Sam. Sir

John Guise, Mr. England, Mr. Papillio Mr.-

Perry, Mr. Wi llmott, Mr. Cognisby, Sir IVm.Turnin', Mr.

Hedger, Sir Wm.Ellis, Mr. Blowfield, Sir Rob. Rich,

Sir John Cutler, Mr. Parker, Mr. Burdet, and all the Members that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwarke;and all the Gentlemen that are of the Long Robe: And all that come to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Orlando Gee, a Member of this Paper Ma-House, be heard by his Counsel, as to his interest, at the nufacture.

Bar of this House, upon Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, against the Bill for the encouraging and better establishing the Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom, before the Bill be read the Third time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Woollen Ma-That the Bill for the better Improvement of the Woollen nufacuue. Manufacture, be referred to a select Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report upon the Double Return Yorke and Election for the City of Yorke be made upon Satur- Election. day Morning next.

Then the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Queen’s Act for the Exercise of the Government by her Majesty, Regency, during his Majesty’s Absence, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in Line 32, between the Words " be" and " out," to insert the'

Word "absent:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered, as. a Rider, to be ....

added to the Bill, for vesting the sole Administration of, ' , '

the Regal Power and Government in his Majesty only, ....

as often as his Majesty shall return into this Kingdom of England: ’

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be made Part of the Bill, For the preventing Disputes, Whose'

Acts

fSir Fra. 11nvent,j

/Colonel Birch, J

/Sir Rob. Davers, 1

/Mr. Fenwick, J

London Corporation.

Thetford

Writ.

London

Markets

Hobby's

Annuity.

a W, M. 7* — 8° 407

Acts (the King’s or the Queen’s) ought to be obeyed; that all and every Act or Acts, Thing or Things, hereafter to be made by the King's Majesty, shall be absolutely obeyed.

Which Clause was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time. '

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments and Clause agreed upon, do pass.

Resolved, That the Lord Falkland do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, and with the said Amendments; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for reversing the Judgment upon the Quo Warr against the City of London, and for restoring the City to its ancient Privileges.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of the whole

House, That they had agreed to the said Bill, with several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and, afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, for a new Election of Mayor and other Officers: Which was twice read; and agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That Harbord, Esquire, had informed him, That, according to the Order of Yesterday-, he elected to serve as burgess for the Borough of Lancest on in the County of Cormcall; and that he desired a new Writ may issue for electing another Burgess in his room, for the Borough of Thetford in the Counties of Norfolkeand Suff

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford in the Counties of Norfolke and Suffolke, in the room of IVm. Harbord, Esquire, who was elected a Burgess both for the said Borough, and for the Borough of Lanceston in the County of and

hath made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Lanceston.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Counties of Bucks, Essex, Hartford, Kent, Middlesex, and Suri'cy, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Persons of divers Callings, who keep the Markets of the City of London, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 8* die Maii;

2° Gulielmi et Mari*.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the granting unto Elis. Hobby, Widow, one Annuity or yearly Relit-charge of Four hundred and Fifty Pounds for her Life, in Satisfaction of Five hundred Pounds a Year in Lands, which she was to have for her Jointure, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Christy, VoE. X.

Sir Jerv. Elwes, Mr. Piggot, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Freke, Mr.

Arnold, Sir Cha.Raleigh, Sir Hen. Goff, Sir Orlan. Gee,

Mr. Archer, Mr. Goddphin, Sir Wm. Sir Rob.

Napier, Mr. Blentfdid, Mr. Hedger, Sir Darcy, Mr.

Bickerstaffe, Mr. Price, Sir Jos. Mr. Colt,

Mr. Etterick, Sir James Long, Sir Sam. Bemadiston, Sir Walter Young, Serjeant Wogan, Sir IVm. Poultney, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers of Streets to be Middlesex and Westminster concerned, do take care, that clear-from Eight of the Clock in the Morning, till Two in the Afternoon, being the usual Time of Meeting and Rising of this House, the Passage through the Streets, between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall, be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And the Serjeant at Arms attending this House is to give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid. And it is recommended to Sir Wm.

Poultney, Mr. Cary High Bailiff of Westminster, Mr.

Done, and Mr. Bridgman Justices of the Peace, to see this Order put in Execution.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General have Leave to Leave for attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Cro/ce Member to and Watt. attend Lords-

A Bill for Confirmation of the Charter granted to the East India East India Company, until another Company shall be Company, established by Act of Parliament, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, unto Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Rich. Onslow,

Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr.

Pitts, Sir CarburyPrice, Mr. Cary, Lord Cheny, Mr.

Evans, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Perry, Mr. Blowjetld, Sir

John Turner, Mr. Pendarvis, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Cog-

nisby, Sir Cha.Bloys, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Jo

Air. Hutchinson, Sir John Guise, Colonel Austen, Sir Hen.

Gosse, Mr. Mansell, Sir Math. An Air. Guy, Air.

Gwyn, Mr. Fuller, Sir Rob.Cotton, Alajor Vincent, Air.

Lampton Air. Serjeant Hutchins, Mr. Herne, Colonel Birch, Mr. Brewer, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Wm. Johnson,

Air. Foot Onslow, Mr. Peregrine Bertie, Sir John Cary,

Sir Rich. Hart, Sir John Knight, Sir Sam. Sir

Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Dalben, Air.

Buscawen, Lord Falkland, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Hawtry, Sir Harry Johnson, Mr. Vincent, Air -GraSir Fra. Guybon, Sir Math. Andrexcs, Sir Fra.Vincent, Mr. England, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Holt,

Air. Papil/ion, Sir Wm. Robinson, Sir Tho. Darcy, Air.

Anch. Gray, Mr. Doiie, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Berty, Air.

Ash, Sir Gilbert Clarke, Mr. Turges, Sir Thomson,

Air. Tho. Foley, Mr. Rudge, Sir John Bancks, Sir Benj.

Neuland, Sir Jon. Jennings, Sir Edm. Jennings, Sir Temple, and all the Alembers that are Merchants, and that serve for the Sea Ports: And all that come to have Voices:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: and are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John and Thomas Temple, Owners of the Ditto.

Ship Brisloll, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, in the First Session of the last Parliament, exhibited their Petition to this House; thereby setting forth the great Oppression they had sustained in relation to their Ship; which was sunk and plundered by Captain Tyrrell,

Commander of the Phoenix, by Order of the East India Company; which Petition was afterwards referred to a Committee, and the Alatter thereof by them examined:

The which the Petitioners, are again ready to prove, together with their Damage, amounting to Thirty-one thousand Two hundred Eight Pounds Two Shillings and Ten-pence Sterling; besides a considerable Damage suffered by the said Ship’s Company: By reason of which

great

Exporting

Coia.

Recovery of Tythes, *&c.

408 8* — 90 Mail.

A. 1690.

A Bill for securing the public Peace, and preventing Securing foe Designs of Papists, and other disaffected Persons to Public their Majesties Government, was read the First, Time. &c*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles and Sir John Francklyn:

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, to Sadleii* enable Sir Edwin Sadleir to sell Lands, for Payment of tstoU* Debts, with some Amendments} to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And they do put this House House rein mind of the Bill for more easy Recovery of small minded of a Tythes, and Repair of Churches, some time since sent down to this House.

An ingrossed Bill for reversing the Judgment upon a London Cor-Quo JVai'ranto against the City of , and for re- P°riillon‘

storing the City to its ancient Rights and Privileges, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, to the Bill, That if there were no new Election of Mayor, and other Officers, by the Time mentioned in the Bill, those which were at the Time of the Judgment, Should be in:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,| ^Cai-y'}’"9'

Tellers for the Noes,{ J '7*'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read the Second time: And several Amendments thereof were proposed to be made; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and twice read; and the Clause amended accordingly.

Then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And then the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {^1^"’. }‘66'

Telle, for «he Noes. }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act for reversing the Judgment in a Quo Warranto, against the City of London, and for restoring the City of London to its ancient Rights and Privileges.

Ordered, That Sir Edw. Seymour do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Supply Bill; at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of ortMtmes. the whole House, to consider of the Bill for vesting the Five hundred Pounds Forfeitures in, their Majesties.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 9° Maii;

2* Gulielmi et Marias. Praters.

great Losses, the Petitioners are become insolvent, and net able to pay their Creditors their hill Dues: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for Confirmation of the Charters granted to the present East India Company, until another Company shall be established, is committed.

Sir Rich. Reynell reports from the Committee to whom the Petition of divers working Goldsmiths in and about the City of London, was referred. That they had considered

the Matters to them referred; and had directed a Special Report to be made of the whole Matter to the House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That it appears, by aCertificate from the Custom-house, dated Seventeenth April last, That great Quantities of Silver have been of late exportedwhereof we had a particular Account for the last Five Years: That above Seven Parts of Eight had been shipped off by the Jews, who do any thing for their Profit: The Reason was plain; that the French King, of late, finding his Money very scarce, had raised his Coin Ten Pounds per Cent.: Which was an Encouragement to send Silver to fill his Coffers: Which the Jews, for their Profit, exported daily in very great Quantities: That, on Monday last, they had shipped off about Sixty thousand Ounces by the Name of Foreign Silver; and great Parcels more were ready to be shipped: Which did make it scarce and dear, to the utter Ruin of the Working Goldsmiths.

That there were also English, as well as who, for their Advantages, would doubtless melt down our Crown Pieces, 8$c. and sell for Foreign Silver, to the Undoing of the whole Nation for want of Money, unless a present Remedy were found to prevent Exportation of any Silver or Gold.

That the Committee had also Certificates 'from the Officers of the Mint, for divers Years; and do find, that of late, very small Quantities have been coined.

That it was offered, that the Profit of melting down One thousand Pounds of milled Money for Exportation, was Twenty-five Pounds ready Money, and upwards.

That Silver was coined at the Mint at Five Shillings and Two-pence per Ounce; but, at the Time of Exportation, was generally sold at Five Shillings and Three-pence Halfpeny perDunce: Which gave Occasion of its being

melted down, and transported as Foreign Silver.

That divers Proposals were suggested;

1. A total Prohibition:

2. A qualified Prohibition for certain Times, or an Imposition for Exportation of Silver:

3. The enhancing our own Money.

So that, though the Committee found the Complaint of the Petitioners very just, and the Inconveniencies to the Kingdom very great, they could not agree of a Way for the preventing foe same: But were humbly of Opinion, That it was worthy of the Consideration of the House.

Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed to the same Committee, upon the Debate of the House: And that they do thereupon prepare a Bill or Bills, as they shall see Cause; and present the same to the House: And that, in order thereunto, the Committee do sit de die in diem; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And that the Officers of the Mint do attend the said Committee: And that Mr. Neale, Mr. Norreis, Sir John Bancks, Mr. T'homhaugh, Sir Christopher Musgrave,

Mr. Cognisby, Colonel Birch, Mr. Christy, Sir Peter -

riton, Sir Jerv.Elwes, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Mr. Evans, Mr.

Slater, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Hen. Herbert, and all the Members of the House that are Merchants. .: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock.

Mr. Christy, according to the Order of the House, presented a Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, and Repair of Churches: And the same was received.

24

MR. Serjeant Wogan reports from the Committee to nobby's whom the Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Annuity, for the granting unto Eliz. Hobby, Widow, One Annuity or yearly Relit-charge of Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, for her Life, in Satisfaction of Five hundred Pounds a.

Year in Lands, which she was to have for a Jointure, was committed, That the Committee had agreed to the

& Bill,

c

sW.#M. 90 — i o° Maii.

409

ftadleir's

Estate.

Wme

Licences.

Recovery

Tythes.

Aolnagt

Duty.

of

Bill, with some Amendments: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; vis.

Press 7, Line 4, after " Elizabe," leave out "Hobby."

Line 5, after " Hobby "insert " and now the Wife of the Lord Hen. Alexander; and with the said Lord Alexander her Husband, Son and Heir Apparent of Henry "Earl of Sterling."

Line 16, leave out " Hoby."

Line 52, after " Elisabeth," leave out " Hoby ;"and, instead thereof, insert " the now Wife of the said Lord Alexander."

Press 8, Line 22, after "Elisaleave out "Hoby."

Line 45, the same Amendment.

Press 9, Line 15, the same Amendment.

Line 25, the same Amendment

Line 37, the same Amendment.

Press 10, Line 1, after "and," insert "the said;", and, after " Elizabeth," leave out " Hoby ;"and, instead thereof, insert " the now Wife of the said Lord Alexander."

Then the House took into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir Edwin Sadleir to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts.

And the same were read the First time throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth;

4 Pr. L. 32, after ." to," and before " Powers," add " Thomas."

L. 35, after "to," and before " add

" Stephen"

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Resolved', That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Act made 7 Edw. VI. intituled, An Act to avoid Excess of Wines; and also, An Act of 12 Car. II. intituled, An Act for the better ordering the Selling of Wines by Retale, and for preventing Abuses in the Mingling, Corrupting, and Vitiating of Wines, and for setting and limiting the Prices of Wines: And to prepare a Bill for the Explanation thereof; and present the same to the House.

And it is referred unto Sir John Barker, Sir Rob. Cotton, Serjeant fVogan, Sir John Cotton, Mr.

Mr. Cooke, Mr. England, Sir Fra. Guybon, Sir Tho. Darcy, Colonel Lee, Mr. Blowfeild, Sir JVm. Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Christy, Mr. Fuller, Sir JVm. Cooke, Mr. England, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Waller, Mr. Buckenham, Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. Slater; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, and Repair of Churches and Chancels, was read the Firsttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Frances Duchess of Richmond and Lenox, and her Trustees, and of Sir John Eyles, aftd others, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, for valuable Considerations, are intituled to ttye Profits of the Duties of Subsidy and Aulnage for a certain Term of 'Years yet to come, under a reserved Relit to their Majesties: And, forasmuch as, by a Bill before the House, the Petitioners legal Estates in the Premises are intended to be destroyed, and praying to be heard at the Bar of the House, by their Counsel, before the said Bill doth pass.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, touching the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning-You X.

A Petition of Richard Scys, Esquire, was read; setting Aolnagt forth, That, in 1682, the Petitioner purchased of the Doty. Duchess of Richmond a Relit-charge of One hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds per Annum, issuing out of the Relit reserved to her oh the present Farm of the Aulnage, for which the Petitioner paid to herTwelve hundred Pounds:

And for that, by a Bill before this House, it is designed,

That the Duties of Subsidy and Aulnage shall be taken away; whereby the Petitioner’s Right will be destroyed, and praying to be heard by his Counsel, before any further Proceedings be had upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, touching the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Clothiers be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, touching the Bill for collecting the Duty of Aulnage at the Customhouse.

Then the Counsel for Sir Orlando Gee were called in, Paper and heard at the Bar, as to his Interest, against the Bill Manufacture* for encouraging and better establishing the Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom: And also the Counsel for the Bill were heard; and also several Witnesses were examined at the Bar:

And the Counsel and Witnesses being withdrawn;

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill? whole House, to consider of the Bill for vesting the Five ^r°rfe‘tur*‘* hundred Pounds Forfeitures in their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had gone through the Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers so, the Yeas, ^Hutchinson, } "

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

And, in regard that the Chairman of the said Committee of the whole House did not acquaint the House,

That he was directed, and in truth he not being directed, to report to the House;

Resolved, That the House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had directed him to make his Report of the said Bill to the House; and that he was ready so to do.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning atTen of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 10° die Maii;

2* Gulielmi etMariae.

Praters.

A BILL to vest the Estate late of Thomas Pom/eU, Powell'* Esquire, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to Estate, be sold for Payment of his Debts, was presented to the House.

The Bill was iread the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

5 L Ordered,

4io t ob Mali. A. 1590.

Hackhey Ordered, That Leave bo- given to bving in a Bill for Coaches.. regulating Hackney Coaches: And it ife recommended to Mr. Christy, to take care therein.

Hoby’s An'ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Annuity. for the granting unto tioby, Widow, One Annuity or yearly Relit-charge of Four hundred and Fifty Pounds for her Life, in Satisfaction of Five hundred a Year in Lands, Which she was to have, was Tead the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

An Amendment was offered to be made to the Title of the Bill, by leaving out " Hobby, Widowand, instead thereof, inserting " Relict of John Hobby, Esquire; and now the Wife of the Lord Henry Alexander, Son and Heir Apparent of Henry Earl of Sterling, in -the Kingdom of Scotland."

' And the same was agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed thereunto, with the said Amendments; and desire their Lordships Concurrence to the same.

Westminster, -Ordered, That Mr. Buscmcen, Mr. Freke, Sir &c. Streets. Cooke, Mr. Christy, Sir Jacob Ashley, Colonel Birch, Mr. Hamer, Mr. Lamp ton, Mr. Harrell, Sir Sir Tho. ‘Darcy, Sir Orion. Gee, Mr. Arnold, Captain Pitts, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Price, Sir Sir

Rob. Napier, Sir JVm. JVogan, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Bicker staffe, Mr. Dyke, Mr. Mr. Cary, Mr. Polmes,

be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for paving and cleansing the Streets is referred.

Hudson's Bay Sir Robert Napier reports from the Committee to Company. whom the Bill for confirming to the Governor and Company trading to Hudson's Bay, their Privileges and Trade, was committed, That they-had agreed to the Bill, with several Amendments: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where -they were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Preventing A Petition of the Magistrates, and other Inhabitants of

Fire at Jllarlbrough in 'the County of , was read ;setting Altuibrongb. forfo} That the said Town being very populous, ana "wherein are many great Buildings, Shops, Inns, and other publick Houses; most Part whereof were utterly consumed by a sudden Fire in April 1653, to the Damage of Eighty thousand Pounds; and, in 1679, by another Fire was lost and burnt to the Value of Six hundred 'Pounds; and also in April last past by a Third Fire to "the "Value of Two thousand Pounds, ana upwards: Which 'Fites 'were occasioned, increased, and carried on, by the Erecting of several Mat-houses, Out-houses, and smail ^Cottages there; and covering the same with Thatch: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, that all the Owners of Lands, whereon ‘the Houses, which were consumed by the late Fifes....., may be compelled, at the Rebuilding thereof, to cover the same with Slate or Tile, or allow their Tenants for so doing: And that all other the Inhabitants, that are able, whose Buildings are now covered with Thatch, may, when they repair the same, cover them with Slate or Tile also.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the said Petition.

lm potting Mr. Bickerstaffe 'reports’ fft>in the’ Committee to whom 'thrown Silk. the Bill’for discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk w'as committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, with several Amendments: Which they had directed him to report’to the House: And he1 read-the oamein his Place.

16

with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout.

And a Motion being made for Re-commitment of the Bill;

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Matth. AndrezcColonel Birch,

Sir Sam. Bemadiston, Sir Cha. B/oys, Serjeant JVogan, Mr. Lewes, Mr. Norreis, Sir Tho. Darcy, be added to

the said Committee.

A Bill for the better securing the publick Peace, and preventing the Designs of Papists, and other disaffected Persons to their Majesties Government, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the said Committee have Power to turn the said Bill into Two Bills, if they think fit.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Then the Question being put. That the House do now receive the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting in their Majesties certain Forfeitures of Five hundred Pounds, and for the speedy Levying of the same, was committed, according to the Order of Yesterday;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,® },76.

Tellers for the Noes,{^r^">- j 93.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, with several Amendments: Which they had directed ;bim to report to the House: And he read the same ‘in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered 'them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they wereread once throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Proviso'was offered to be made Part of the Bill, to excuse such as endeavoured legally to qualify themselves, but were hindered therein; and was once read; but afterwards -withdrawn.

A Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, for the Money to be paid into the Exchequer, and a distinct Account to be kept thereof: And was twice-read; and after some Amendments agreed upon and made therein, the said Clause was agreed to by the House to be made 'Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the ' Bill, for all Papists that acted as Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, in any County, or as Mayor* Bailiff, or Common-councilmen, shall be liable, according to the said Act, for the Forfeiture of Five hundred Pounds; and once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause- be read ;a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question befog put, That the Bill, with tho Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tilers for the Yeas,

Tellare for the Noes.-j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

}i52.

j-106.

Ordered,

Securing publick Peace, *c.

Supply Bill; Forfeitures.

Convictions of 500l. Forfeitures.

A ulnagt Duty.

Privilege.

Commission-#rs of Accounts.

Committees.

Yorke, tVc. "Election.

Leave for Member to attend Lords.

Powell’s

Estate.

Hackney

Coaches*

Importing thrown Silk.

.2 W. &M.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to explain the Statute of 25 Car. II. for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants; so as that a Conviction, in any Action to be brought for the Five hundred Pounds Forfeiture, shall be a sufficient Conviction within that Law: And it is recommended to Mr. Finch to take care of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Counsel, which Should have been this Day heard at the Bar of this House, touching the Bill for collecting the Duty of Aulnage at the Custom-house, be heard upon Monday next, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report made upon the Petition of JVm. Montague, Esquire, be proceeded on upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take an Accompt of all publick Monies, since the Filth of November 1688, be further considered of upon Wednesday Morning next, next after the Report touching Mr. Montague.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Double Returns and Elections for the City of Yorke, and for the Boroughs of A through and Knaresbrough in the County of Yorke, be

.made upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luiue, 12* die 2* Gulielmi et Marise.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir Robert Sawyer have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between *#*«.

A Bill to vest the Estate of Thomas Powell, Esquire,' in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Tho. Darcy, Major Vincent, Sir Wilfred Lawson, Mr. 'Christy, Mr. Blmfeild, Sir John Knit, Sir Math. drewes, Mr. Staynes, Mf. Hector Philipps, Mr. Gee, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Clarke, Sir Rich. Mr. Fenwick,

SirJonathan Jennings, Lord Combury, Sir Sir

Roger Pilson, Colonel Birch, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Slater, Sir Jervas Elwes, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Sir Ashley, Sir Rob. Napier, Sir John Key, Mr. Burdet, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Flint, Denbeigh, and Cheshire: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the Regulating and Licensing of Hackney 'Coaches, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time after Ten a Clock.

Mr. Bickerstaffereports from the Committee to whom

'the Bill for discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk, was re-committed, That the Committee had agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence: And afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That on Thrown Silk laden in India, Persia, or China, to be You X.

4H

imported before Twentieth September 1691, shall be liable to any Forfeiture: And the same wftS twice read; and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments and.

Clause, be ingrossed*

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, and Recovery of Repair of Churches and Chancels, was read the Second Tythes. time.

Resolved, That the Bill, upon the Debate of the House, be committed, unto Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. England, Mr. Bos-cazven, Lord Combury, Sir Jervas Etwes, Mr. Wilmot,

Mr. Christy, Mr. Slater, Sir Wm.Wogan, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Piggott, Sir Rob.

Cotton, Mr. Grubb, Mr. Mansell, Lord Digby, Sir John Guise, Sir James Rushout, Mr. Bayle, Mr. Culliford, Sir Tho. Hussey, Serjeant Hutchins, Mr. Chadwick, Sir Tfiot Darcy, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Rob. Rice, Mr. Bedingfeild,

Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Bevill Granville, Mr. Fenwick, Mr.

Burdett, Sir Rich.Onslow, Sir Wm.Cooke, Sir Phil. Skip^ pon, Sir John Barker, Sir Walt. Young, Mr. Cary, Mr*

Thomhaugh, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Freke, Mr. Harcourt,

Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Foley, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Kirby, Sir Rich. Standish, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Geo. Fletcher: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they leave the Clause, by which the Lords are excepted, out of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Counsel to be heard, touching the Bill for collecting the Duty of Aulnage at the Custom- u y‘ house, be called in.

And accordingly, the Counsel for the King, and the Duchess of Richmond, and her Trustees, and the Farmers of the Duty, and for the Clothiers, were called in; and heard, at the Bar of the House, What they had to offer in relation to the said Bill.

And being withdrawn;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Avoiding Sir Adam Otley; certain Let*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, ttrs ateBt8‘ An Act to make void certain Letters Patents therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Hobby’s by this House to the Bill for settling an Annuity of Four Anouity' hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum upon Mrs. Hobby in lieu of her Jointure.

Also, the Lords do desire this House to give Leave, for'* that SirRoberlClaytonand Sir GeorgeTrebymay attend that Members td House on Wednesday next, to declare their Knowledge con- attend them* -ceming the present Lieutenancy and Militia of the City . of London.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the Messengers be called in} and acquainted, That this House will return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in accordingly; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Then the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeUerefor«heYe^{S>^p },59.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And accordingly the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

4i a

J3° Mail

d. 1690.

Mtirlis, 13* <&*e Mail;

2° Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

Preventing A BILL for preventing Dangers by Fire, from

Fire at jfV Houses covered with Thatch, in the Town of

Marie- Marlebrough, was read the First time. ron* ' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Woollen Ma-aufacture.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Increase of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, and setting the Poor on Work: And it is recommended to Sir Tho. Clarges to prepare and bring in the Bill.

Importing An ingrossed Bill for discouraging the Importation of

Thrown Silk. Thrown Silk, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the said Bill

to the Lords-; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Hudson’s Bay A Petition of several Merchants trading to York

Company. and New England, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are not without Hopes, that by the As-

sistance of the Government in the aforesaid Colonies, may be again reduced to the Obedience of this Crown; but that they are much discouraged by the Bill before this House, for establishing a boundless Charter with sovereign Power, granted to the Hudsons Bay Company by King Charles the Second, upon false Suggestions; which, if confirmed by Act of Parliament, may prove very destructive to the Trade of England, and the said Colonies: And praying to be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the same doth pass.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

Ditto. An ingrossed Bill for the confirming to the Governor

and Company trading to Hudson's Bay their Privileges and Trade, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, for the Bill to continue for,

and no longer: Which Proviso was twice read.

And the Question being put, That the Blank be filled up with these Words, " Seven Years; and from thence to the End of the next Seission of Parliament

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for U,eYea,{^*- } 80.

Teller, for rheKoe.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Blank be filled np with these Words, " Fourteen Years; and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament"

And the same was filled up at the Table accordingly; and read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Clause be made Part of the BilL

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act for confirming to the Governor and Company trading to Hudson's Bay, their Privileges and Trade.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Napier do carry the said Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Bills confirm- Ordered, That, when any Bill shall be brought into

Patent* Bhs House for confirming of Letters Patents, there be a 4 eD *’ true Copy of such Letters Patents annexed to the Bill: And that this be declared a Standing Order of this House for the future.

Conference touching Queen's Regency BilL

A Message from the Lords, by. Sir Miles Cooke and Doctor Edisbury;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference

with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Amendments to the Bill for the Exercise of the Government by her Majesty, during his Majesty's Absence.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a Conference, as is desired.

And the Messengers were called in: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Finch, Master of the Rolls, Sir Ro. Sawyer, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Guise,

Sir Jos.Tredenham, Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir William-

son, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Hen. Capell,

Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Wm.Mr. Har--court, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference accordingly: And being returned;

The Master of- the Rolls reports, That the Persons appointed had attended the Conference: And that the Duke of- Bolton, and Earl of Rochester, managed on Behalf of the Lords; and acquainted them, That the Lords do agree to the Amendments in Paper, made by this House to the Bill for the Exercise of the Government by her Majesty, during his Majesty’s Absence; and also to the Proviso B.

And that they do agree to Proviso A, with the Amendment following; viz.

Proviso A, Line 8, after " whatsoever," add " but that all and every such Act and Acts shall be as good and effectual, as if his Majesty was within this Realm; and shall not be contradicted or controlled but by his Majesty only."

And that the Lords thought fit to make this Addition to the Proviso A, for this Reason; viz.

Because it is explanatory of the Amendment offered by this House; that there may be no Doubt but the full Power doth still remain in the King.

Which Amendment, being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, wm, upon the Question severally put, thrice read; and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Master of the Rolls do go to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

The House being informed, that Wm. Purcell, an At- PriviUge.-torney, had sued a Writ out of the King’s Bench against a Servant of the Lord Ranelagh's, a Member of this House; which Servant was arrested by one Conuns, a Bailiff, and was detained in Custody, notwithstanding his Lordship had sent to acquaint them, that the Person so arrested, was his Servant; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Wm. Purcell, and Wm. Cummins, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for such their Breach of the Privileges of this House.

An ingrossed Bill for the encouraging the better Paper Mano-establishing the Manufacture of White Paper in this facture' Kingdom, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, to be made Part of the Bill, That this Act Should not be construed to restrain Edward Spicer and Jeremiah Francis, of Wi-comb and Woebume in the County of Bucks, Tenants to Sir Orlando Gee, or any his succeeding Tenants of his Two Mills, called Hedge Mill, and Low Water Mill, from exercising their ancient Art of making White Printing, or other Sorts of Paper they were wont formerly to make; and to vend and dispose of the same.

And the Question being put, That the said Proviso be read;

The House divided.

The Yqas go forth.

/Sir Thom. Hussey,

rr. I, r »r /Sir John Cruise,

Tellers for the Noes,|Mr

So it passed in the Negative.

Another

>120.

}i79-

2 W. & M. 13-14 413

Another ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, to be made Part of the Bill, to oblige the Company of White Paper Makers to take a Lease of Sir Orlando Gee of his Mills, at the present Relit: Which was once read; and withdrawn.

Another ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, to be made Part of the Bill, That the Company shall not grant any Licence to any Person, other than such as are engaged in the Joint Stock, to make or vend any White Writing, or Printing Paper, during the Term in the Act limited, for any Reward or Sum of Money whatsoever: Which Proviso was once read.

And, the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be made Part of the Bill, That, whereas the Stock of the said Corporation, in Decembe 1689, is alledged to consist of Four hundred Shares, at Fifty Pounds per Share, it is Enacted, That the said Stock shall be valued by Four indifferent Persons, that all Persons of the Company may be upon an equal Bottom in the said Stock, according to their respective Shares: Which was once read.

And the Question being put, That the same be read . a Second time.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And, that the Title thereof be, An Act for the encouraging and better establishing the Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir 7 'hLittleton do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Adjourn- Then the Question being put. That the House do now tuent. adjourn:

It passed in the Negative.

Peace of the Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Kingdom. at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means to preserve the Peace and Safety of the Kingdom, in the Absence of the King.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and sit this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.'

Mercurii, 14* die Mail;

2* Gulielmi ct Marias.

Prayers.

Debtors O IR Robert Napier reports from the Committee to Relief. whom the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, with several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Pivileoe_ The House being informed, that a printed Paper was

libellous delivered at the Door by the Doorkeeper, intituled, Publication, " Ten new Reasons for the speedy raising and levying the Penalties of Five hundred Pounds upon all Protestant Dissenters;" highly reflecting upon the Proceedings and Justice of this House;

And the Doorkeeper being called in to the Bar; and examined from whom he had the same; he said, That he had the same from one Mr.

Ordered, That Mr. Savile be summoned by the Serjeant at Arms, to attend at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. X.

A Petition of George JVhiie, Administrator of Samuell East India White, deceased, was read; setting forth, That his said Company., Brother went to India on a Ship of the East India Com*

pany’s and remained there with the chief Factor’s Permission; for which, at the Ship's Return, he paid One hundred Pounds by his Correspondent; and was afterwards, by the Company’s Factors, introduced into the Service of the King of Siam, and by him advanced to most advantageous Employ; w herein he did the Company very beneficial Service; and acquired to himself a plentiful Estate; continuing in such his Prosperity above Jen Years: That, while the Petitioner’s said Brother did no way deserve or suspect any different Treatment, the Company’s Factors and Servants did, in 1687, unjustly seize on his Ships and Merchandize, to his Damage about Twenty thousand Pounds; and, by the Company’s making an Assault, in the same Year, upon the Port of Mergen, where the Petitioner’s Brother resided, who then narrowly escaped his Life, lost then Twenty thousand Pounds more; and, after such his great Losses and Afflictions, died in April 1689, leaving Two young Children to the Care of the Petitioner their Guardian: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that he may be heard by Counsel, before the Bill, which the Company are endeavouring for their Confirmation, be passed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for Confirmation of the Charters granted to the present East India Company, until another shall be established by Act of Parliament, is committed: And that the Committee do hear the whole Matter; and report the same Specially to the House: And that the Committee do meet in the Speaker’s Chamber; and adjourn to some more convenient Place, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Dashtvood have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Week. Absence.

The House being informed, that Sir Thomas Williams Privilege, hath, with several other Persons, entered upon the Possession and Estate of Sir Car bury Price, Baronet, a Member

of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of the House;

Ordered, That the said Sir Thomas Williams be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the same.

Then the Question being put, That the ingrossed Bill Supply Bill; for vesting in their Majesties the Five hundred Pounds Forfeitures. Forfeitures, be now read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {Ifc Bkhrtaji, } 92'

Tellers for the Noes, }'>’

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Supply Bill* at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Hereditary whole House, to consider of the Bill for declaring the Revenue. Hereditary Revenue to be vested in their Majesties.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole Peace of th. House, according to the Order of Yesterday, to consider Kingdom, of Ways and Means to preserve the Peace and Safety of the Kingdom, in the Absence of the King.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had directed him to move the House That a Committee may be appointed to inquire into the Listing, Assembling, and Exercising of Papists, and other disaffected Persons in Arms, in several Counties of this Kingdom, without their Majesties Commission.

5 M Resolved,

lifting

Papists.

Committees.

Minehead

Writ.

Adjourn-

ment.

Listing

Papist*

Wine ' ’ Licences.

Recovery of Tythes,

414 Jt4° — *1° ' A. 1690.

jResolved, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the Listing, Assembling, and Exercising of Papists, and other disaffected. Persons in Arms in several' Counties of this Kingdom, w.ithaut..their Majesties Commission.

And it is referred unto Sir John Lowther, don, Colonel, Granville, Mr. BUmfeild, Sir Christopher Musgrave,. Colonel Birch, Mr. Biekerstaffe;Mr. Hawtry,

Sir Edm. Jennings, Sir John KnightAir. Air.

Gilbert, Mr.j Panlcei', Sir John BaSir Rich. Temple,

Air. Norreie, Sir Tho. Traced, Major. Mr

Mr. Breretan, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Beaumont, Lord Rane-lagh, Sir John Wynne, Lord Falkland, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Gray, Mr jColt, Mr. Kenyon, Sir Oka. Bloys, Sir John Mamcaring, ‘Mr. Palmes. Sir Air.

Sir 1Hen.>Goods'icke, Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Brewer, Mr. tFenwick, Mr. How, Mr. Anch. Grey, Air.

Boyle, Sir Hen. Goff, Mr. Hopkins, Sir John Bland, Mr. Cognisby, Mr. Vincent, Air Lord Digby, Sir

John Bolls, Sir Jervas Elues, Mr Sir

Sir John Guise, Mr. Kirby, Sir Edxv. Abney, Sir Skippon, Sir Rich. Standish, Lord Sir James

Long, Sir Sam. Bernatliston, and all the Alembers that serve for the Coun ties of Chester, and Lancas-

ter: And they are to meet. Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impoweced to send for Persons, Papers and\Records.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Nathan. Palmer, Esquire, w1k> is returned to serve in this present Parliament, asoueof the Knights of the Shire for the County of Samersett; and also one of the Burgesses for the Borough of Minehead in the same County; this Day making his Election to serve as Knight of the Shire for the said County;

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do direct his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Minehead, in the room of the said Mr. Pabner.

Then a Aiotion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Ellers f,rtheY«s,{|^£‘^'.

TpIWs for the Noes f ^'r Rich, tellers for the lNoes,|sir Thp

So it passed in the Negative.

54*

| 88.

The House being acquainted, that one Air. Dodsworth could inform the House of several Regiments of Papists, whohad listed themselves in Arms in Lancashire;

Ordered, That the said Air. do attend this

House Tomorrow Aloming, touching the same.

And then the House adjourned until Tomorrow Aloming, Eight of the Clock.

J,1," - ."*« i , - . ~ ' 1

Jorris, 15° die;

2* Gulielmi Alarise.

Pratibs.

MR ilarcourt reports from the Committeeappointed to prepare a Bill for Explanation of the Statutes about Wine Licences, That they had prepared ft Bill accordingly: Which he presented to the House.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time after Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered, That Air. Lampion, Mr. Stowell, Mr. -fetid, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Bull, Mr. Cooke, Sir Rob. Edan, Mr. Bayle, Mr. Hunt, Sir John WSir IVUfred Law-

eon, A{r. Buckenham, Afr. Pabner, Mr. Waller, Air. 16 -

S/aynes, he added to the Committee, to whom the‘ Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, and Repair of Churches and Chancels, is committed.

A Petition of TVm. Walcott, Esquire, was read; setting Making Sea forth, That, the Petitioner was the first Inventor of making Water iresh. Sea Water fresh, clear, and wholsorae; for which he had a Grant from the late King Charles the Second, in 167.5, for a Term of Fourteen Years: That nevertheless, Robert Fitzgerald, Esquire, and others, have since, in 168,3, procured other Letters Patents for the sole Exercise of the said Art, for the Term of Fourteen Years; thereby obstructing the Petitioner s Proceedings; who afterwards, in 1685, brought their Bill into this House for enlarging the said Term, with an Intent to exclude the Petitioner, could they have procured to themselves such an Act of Parliament: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill, whereby the Petitioner may be restored to his ancient Right, and have his Term renewed and enlarged, that he may he encouraged in so useful an Undertaking.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Air. Bickcrstaffc reports from the Committee to whom Army Debts, the Petition of the Officers, Innkeepers, and Clothiers,

«fyc.that served in, quartered, and cloa tiled, the Army raised by Act of Parliament in 1677, for the entering into an actual War against the French King, and disbanded by another Act in 1679, was referred; and to examine the Accompts, and consider of Ways for satisfying the Petitioners; That the Committee had examined the Accompts accordingly; and had considered of some Ways for satisfying the Debt due to the Petitioners: Which they submitted to the Consideration of the House, as ful-loweth; viz.

That, upon Examination, it appeared to the Committee, That the Act, intituled, an Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty King Charles the Second, of Two hundred and Six thousand Four hundred Sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, for paying off and disbanding the Forces raised since the Twenty-ninth September 1677, falling Short of answering the End for which it was given, Principal Aioney Sixty-one thousand Nine hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Three Shillings and Eleven-pence, besides Interest for the same, ever since the Year 1679, 85 the said Act of Parliament directs;

That it did further appear to the Committee, That Fifty-four thousand Three hundred Ninety Pounds, Four.

Shillings, Part of the said Sixty-one thousand Nine hundred Twenty-six Pounds Principal Aioney, is due for Quarters,

Cloaths, §c. by Certificates signed by one or more of the Commissioners for Disbanding; and Orders of the then Lords of the Treasury thereupon directed to the Exchequer, where they are registered, as appears by Certificate under the Hand of the honourable Sir Robert Howard,

Auditor of their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer: And that another Sum of Seven thousand Five hundred Thirty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eleven-pence, to complete the Principal Sum of Sixty-one thousand Nine hundred Twenty-six Pounds Three Shillings and Elevenpence, appears also to be due by an Accompt made up and signed by the Commissioners for Disbanding respectively, and by them delivered to a Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to examine their Accompts in the Year 1685, to be due to several Persons for Cloaths and Accoutrements furnished to the said Forces; and is all that appears to be due upon Account of Cloathing, over-and-above what is comprehended in,

the Sum of Fifty Four thousand Three hundred Ninety Pounds Four Shillings, certified by Sir Robert Howard aforesaid:

That the Committee being deeply sensible of the Petitioners Sufferings, in order to make Provision for the Payment of so just a Debt, contracted upon the Credit of an Act of Parliament, have proposed the following Ale-ibods; viz.

That an Imposition of Five Pounds per Cent, be laid upon all Bullion as shall be exported out of this Kingdom:

And

aW.&M.

15° Mali.

Soling

Offices,

African

Company.

Importing '1 brown bilk.

London Corporation.

Listing

Papists.

And that a further Imposition of Ten Shillings per Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Colonel

Piece be laid upon all Calicoes as shall be imported into Kirby, Lord Sir , Sir Tfto. this Kingdom. Clarges;or any Three of them.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Thursday Morn- 4 .

ing next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Then a Motion being made, and the Question being Motion for -mittee of the whole House,-to consider of Ways and put, That the House do now adjourn. Adjourn-

Means to satisfy and pay the Debt to the Petitioners. L passed in the Negative. ment*

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be _ t

also referred to the Committee. Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill for vesting the Five Supply Bill)

hundred Pounds Forfeitures in their Majesties be now Forfeitur«».

A Bill for the more effectual Provision against the rea(l the *1 bird time.

Buying or Selling of Offices, was read the Second Time. The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Sam. per- An Amendment was propused to be made in Press 4, nadisten, Mr. Christy, Colonel Lutterell, Sir John Bltmd\Line *, to Leave out the Word " finaland, upon the

Sir 7 ho.Darcy, Mr. Slater, Sir Matth. Andrews, Lord Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and

Ranelagh, Mr. Mansell, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Wynne, Mr. Lampton, Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr. Buscawen, An ingrossed Proviso was offered to be added, as a Ride^,

Colonel Birch, Mr. Piggott, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Gil- That the Bill shall not charge any Person who accepted of

bert, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Bracer, Mr. Ken- ailJ Office or Commission, and executed the same, with-

yon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Greenftild, out qualifying himself, if such Person do, before the First

‘Mr. I Falter, Sir Jerv. Elucs, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Pelham, of August next, receive the Sacrament, and take the Oaths

Mr. Foley, Sir Phil. Skippon, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. in the Statute for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Bowyer, Major Vincent, Mr. Haw try, Sir Edmund Jen- Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths, and make the nings, Mr. Hunt, and all the Gentlemen that are of the Declaration in the Statute of the 25th Car. II.: Which Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Proviso was once read.

T bree of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And And the Question being put, That the Proviso be* it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That read a Second time; ,

they do inquire into the Abuses of Attorneys in their It passed in the Negative.

Practice. Another ingrossed Proviso was offered to be added, asa

Rider; That no Person shall incur the Penalty in the Bill,

Ordered, That the Petition of John Thrale, and John who shall, at the next Quarter Sessions, take the Oaths Tuit, against the Royal African Company, formerly read, in the Statute for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy

and ordered to lie upon the Tabic, be referred to the Com- and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths, and make mittee to whom the Bill for the better securing the Trade the Declaration in the Statute of 25° Car. II. to the Royal African Company, is committed. And the Question being put, That the Proviso be read;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke, and Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added, as "Sir Imco/i Wm.Child; a Rider, That whereas a Judgment was given in Easter

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed the Bill, intituled, or Trinity Term 1686, in a Suit between and,

An Act for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown contrary to Law; it enacts, That every Judgeof the Court Silk without any Amendments: who consented thereto; and also every Judge and Baron,

And also the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Reversing who delivered anyOpinionfor the Giving of the said Judg-the Judgment in a QuoWarranto against the City of ment, or for the Dispensing with the Statute, shall forfeit

London: And for restoring the City of London to its an-: And that every Person who passed any Patent

cient Rights and Privileges; without any Amendments. dispensing with the same, shall be for ever disabled frota

holdingany Employment or Trust: And that every Judge Mr. Dodstcorth, according to the Order of Y esterday, or Baron, that were so in the said Easier or Term,

attending this House; who shall not appear before the Commissioners for that

He was called in; and, at the Bar, gave Information Purpose appointed, and prove that he did deliver hie of several Papists, and other disaffected Persons, \vho Opinion against the said Judgment; such Judge or Baron had listed themselves in Arms, and had Commissions shall ,be adjudged to be convicted, and to incur the said from the late King James to be Officers for Regiments . Forfeitures and Disabilities: Which Clause was twice and Troops in Lancashire, and other Places. read.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Dodsworth do appear be- Resolved, That the Blank be filled with Five hundred

fore the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, Pounds and no more.

in order to be examined before him touching the same: An Amendment was proposed to be made in the said

And that the Lord Brandon, Mr. Serjeant IVogcm, Mr. Clause, by leaving out that Part thereof which related Cognisby, Colonel Kirby, and Mr. Kenyon, do attend his to Disabilities of Persons as aforesaid: And upon the Lordship from this House; and acquaint him with this Question put thereupon, the same was agreed unto by Order. the House.

Sir James Rushout, a Member of the House, acquaint- Then the Question being put, That the Clause be read

ing the House, That he had in his Custody some Infor- the Third time;

(nations of the same Nature from Worcestershire;It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Sir James Rushout do attend Another ingrossed Proviso was offered to be added, ass

the Lord Chief Justice therewith. Rider; That this Act shall not extend to charge any Per*

Evidence having been given to this House of several son who, after the Eighth of October, and before the Thir-

Persons confederating and designing to rise in Rebellion, teenth of February 1688, accepted of any Office or Com- and to disturb the Peace of the Kingdom; mission, and executed the same, without Qualifying him-

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to bring in self, if such Person do, before the First of August next, re-a Bill, upon the Debate of the House, for the more ef- ceive the Sacrament, and take the Oaths in the Statute fof fectual securing their Majesties Government against all abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and such Persons so conspiring. appointing other Oaths, and make the Declaration in the

And it is referred to Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Paul Statute of 25° Car. II.: Which Proviso was twice read.

Foley, Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Brandon, Sir John And the Question being put, That it be read the

Thompson, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Jos. Williamson, Sir Chris- Third time;

topher Musgrave, Sir John Wynne, Sir Vere Fane, Mr. The House divided.

Palmes, Colonel Birch, Mr. Greenfeild, Colonel Austen, The Yeas go forth.

Vo l.X. Teller*

Committee of Privileges,

Supply Bill;

Hereditary

Revenue.

Committees.

Hamilton's

Estate.

Protestant

Foreign

Weavers.

150- — i6° Mail. 1690.

l,

160.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellen, for the ' '°'

So it was resolved in the Affinnative.

The Proviso was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Proviso be made Part of the Bill. Then the Question being put that the Bill do pass; The House divided.

The Yeas go forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

/Air. Brereton,

I Mr. Cogn

/Mr. Foley

/Sir Rob. Cotton,

137-

91-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act, for the vesting certain Forfeitures of Five hundred Pounds in their Majesties, and for the speedy Levying of the same.

Ordered, That Colonel Grado carry the Bill to the Lords: and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the several Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections be made upon Saturday Aloming next.

- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for declaring the Hereditary Revenue of the Crown to be vested in their Majesties.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 16°;

2* Gulielmi et Alarias.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Katherine Hamilton, Wife of the Honourable Charles Hamilton, Esquire was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner having a considerable Fortune, was prevailed on by the Right honourable the Earl of Abercorne, in 1688, to marry with the said Charles Hamilton his only Brother, upon Assurance that the Manor of Strabane, and other the Earl's Lands in Ireland, were so settled, that they, with the Honour, would come to your Petitioner’s Husband; his Lordship declaring, He would never marry: That the Earl, not long before the Marriage, and after the Agreement, prevailed with his said Brother to join with him to cut off the Intail, and to mortgage the said Lands for Three thousand Pounds; and to join with him in Bonds and Securities for that and other Debts; That the Earl being a Papist, and in Arms in Ireland, the Creditors prosecute the Petitioner’s Husband upon the said Bonds; whereby he is forced to abscond: and praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and to grant. That there may be a Clause inserted in the Bill before this House, for attainting all Persons that are m Arms against their Majesties, to vest the said Manor and Lands, with the Honour, in your Petitioner’s said Husband, he being a Protestant, and faithful to the Government.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table, till the said Bill be read a Second time.

Protestant Strangers, although the Petitioners have been approved and admitted of the said Company, and bear and pay, in common with the other Members, all Duties and Charges of the same: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to impower and Qualify the Petitioners, and such others as are or shall be admitted Alembers of the Company, approved for their Skill and Conformity to such the Bye Laws, to use and exercise their said Trade of Weaving.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill upon the said Petition accordingly.

Ordered, That the Report upon the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take the Accompts of all public Afonies since 5 November, 1688, be further proceeded upon, Monday Aloming next^ at Ten of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

A Bill for Regulating and Licensing of Hackney Coaches, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Petition of several Persons on behalf of themselves, and of the rest of the Four hundred Hackney Coachmen, was read; setting forth, That by Act of Parliament in 13V. 14" Car. II. a limited Number of Coaches were to be licensed to drive; whereby the Petitioners werfe admitted and licensed: That such Act beingsome time since expired, the Number of Hackney Coaches are much augmented, to the great Annoyance of the Inhabitants, and in Prejudice to the Petitioners; who are informed That there is a Bill brought into this House by some others, for the reviving and altering the said Act, with Intentions to exclude the Petitioners thereout, who were heretofore licensed, and paid great Sums for the same: And pray < ing to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, before the Committee to whom the Bill is referred.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Aloming next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Win. Purcell and Win. Comyns, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Alorning at Ten a Clock, in order to their being discharged.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir James Aslry;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming to the Governor and Company, trading to Hudsons Bay, their Privileges and Trade; with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

Then the said Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth;

Press 5, Line 2, instead of " Fourteen," read " Seven."

Ordered, That Sir Robert Napier do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them That this (louse hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Air. Finch have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Clerke and Badon.

A Petition of Peter Snee, and others, on the behalf of themselves, and other Protestant Strangers, being Weavers, and admitted of that Company, was read; setting forth, That they are sued upon the' Statute of 5# Eliz. for using their Trades contrary to By Laws made by the Company of Weavers, pursuant to some Rules given and approved of in the Year 1670, upon a Hearing before King Charles the Second in Council, upon some differences then between the Company of Weavers, and some

Ordered, That the Bill for the appointing and enabling Commissioners to take the Accompts of the Publick AIo-nies, be further considered upon Monday Alorning next, at Ten a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for declaring the Hereditary Revenue of the Crown to be vested in their Majesties.

Air.

Commissioners of Accounts.

Hackney

Coaches.

Ditto.

Persons to be discharged from Custody.

Hudson’s Baj Company.

I eave for Member to attend Lords.

Commissioners of Accounts.

Supply Bill;

Hereditary

Revenue.

16s — i f Ma417

Mv. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reports from the Committee of die whole House; That they had agreed to the Bitt, with several Amendments: Which they had directed him to report to the House: A'nd which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, several of them were read a second time, one by one; and, upon die Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by die House.

An Amendment, Folio 3, to leave out to " and whereas," in Liue 18.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the Petition and Case of Dockzcra,

Merchant, in relation to the Peny Post Office, be humbly represented and recommended- to his Majesty from this House to relieve him therein, as to his great Wisdom and Justice shall seem meet: and that it be so represent-ad and recommended to his Majesty by Mr. Vice Chamberlain and Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer.

fMr. Bickerstaffc, \Mr. Brer (tort, f Colonel Birch, (Mr. Bowye

100.

27.

humbly confessing their Offence, and making their Submission to the House; they did, upon their Knees, receive a Reproof from Mr. Speaker for their Offence.

Ordered, That the said IVm. Pursell and IVm. Cornyns bedischarged out of Custody, first paying their Fees.

‘An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Avoiding for avoiding certain Letters Patents therein mentioned, C9rtain f*t-was read the First time. ters Paten,s-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second: time after Eleven of the Clock. ’

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Restoring restoring all Corporations to their ancient Rights and ^ponu Privileges, notwithstanding any Judgment in a Quo ons‘ Warranto, Forfeiture or Surrender, or any new Charters granted by the late King Charles the Second, or the late King James the Second: And it was recommended to Mr. Harbord to bring in the Bill.

Mr. Coningsby acquaints the House, That he, with other Listing Members appointed by the House, had, according to their Papists. Order, attended the Loud Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench: And that Mr. Do had appeared before his Lordship: Who took hie Examination: Which was presented to the House by the said Mr. Coningsby.

Mr. Gray reported from the Committee of Privileges Yorke and Elections, the Case touching the Double Return and Elaation, Election of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Yorke, as it appeared to the Committee: The which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table in Writing:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

London Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning

Orphan*. next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debt3 due to the Orphans of the City of London.

privilege. The House being informed, That one Henry

' ton, an Attorney, hath caused a Writ of Possession to be executed upon one James Barnaby, and other's, the Tenants of Sir Christopher Wren, a Member of this House; which the said Sir Christopher, in his Place, did affirm; in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That the said Henry Car’mgton be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the said Breach of Privilege.

Committee*. Ordet'ed, That all Committees be adjourned.

Aulnage Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for collecting the Duty of Aulnage at the Custom-house.

Dr. Sharp to Ordered, That Dr. Sharp, Dean of Canterbury, be preach on desired to preach before this House upon Wednesday next,

»t May. at ftMargaret's, WestmAnd that Sir Wil-

liamson do acquaint him therewith.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 17* Maii; 2° Gulielmi et Mari®.

Praters.

Woolen Ma- QIR Thomas Clarges presented-to the House a Bill for nufacture. the Increase of t)ie Woolen Manufacture, and setting

the Poor on Work: Which was received.

Privilege*- Wm. Pmrsett and Wm. Cornyns in Custody of the Ser-

Persons dig- jeant at Arms attending this House, being, according to Custod* from Order of Yesterday, this Day brought to the Bar; and

Upon hearing the Merits of the Double Return and Election of Citizens for the City of Yorke

That the Question was, Whether,

Esquire, or Henry Thomson, Esquire, was duly elected: Upon the Poll either of them had equal Votes; viz.

841-

That for Mr. Edward Thomson, the Counsel produced Wm. Lun, a Witness: Who said Michael Marmaduke Ascough, Richard Hardy, and Wm. Mack-peice, polled for Mr. Edw. Thomson, but were not entered for him in the Poll; and produced a List of Fifty-four Names that polled for Mr. Henry Thomson, who, the Counsel insisted, had no Right to poll; and one Chamley, who was dead before the Poll; and of Four, viz. John Battersby, John Clerke, Thonuis Day, and Nathan Day, that polled twice for him: But as to the Fifty-four, all were justified, except the Number of about T-wenty-four, that is to say, as to George Allison, Thomas Wm. Breck, Thomas Smith, Robert Bc/e, Math. Smith,

George Cartwright, Michael Sharpe, Rich.

Spetch, John Hudson, Jos. Thomson, Robert Reresby Wilson, John Richardson, Wm. Woodworth James Crogg, John Dand, it was allowed they were not free: Chamley was not proved to be alive at the Poll: And

as to Two, viz. Edward Bradley and Isaac Wood, the Witness denied they polled for Mr. Henry Thomson: And as to Wm. Brexvhouse and Thomas Day, he said, It was only a Mistake of their Christian Name.

That for Mr. Henry Thomson, the Counsel produced a "Witness: Who testified, That Twenty-two had voted for Mr. Edw. Thomson, that were made free since the Teste of the Writ for the Election: Butitappeared Fourteen, that had been made free since the Teste of the Writ had likewise voted for Mr. Hen.Thomson; and produced a List of Forty-nine Persons that had voted for Mr. Edw. Thomson, that they insisted were not qualified; but they were all justified to the Number of about Sixteen; that is to say Chris. Mills, John Lambert, Rich. Wrench, Hamond Leech, Win.

Beforthjunior, Humph. Nicholson, Edw. Fleming, Sam. Hutton, who were allowed to be not free: And, as to John Boss, Thom. Thompson, Wm. Griffin, Thom. Mason, Cha. Johnson, Wm. Marshall; that the Witness said, they were not polled for Mr. Edw. ThomsonAnd as to Charles

,5 N Pottei',

v

Yorke

Election.

-Mbrough

Election.

418 17

Potter, it was a Mistake for Christopher: And, as to John Tindale, it was a Mistake for Iiindle.

That then, for Mr. Hern'y Thomson, they produced a Witness: Who said, That, as to Three Persons, their Names are set down twice: And that Thomas of

Bolton, and Thomas Swayle, Tanner, was the same Person: And that one Henry Hutchinson had voted for Mr. Henry Thomson; who was not entered in the Poll Book.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came' to a Resolution: Which the said Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Henry

Thomson, Esquire, is duly returned and elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Yorke.

The said Resolution being read a Second time.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Henry Thomson, Esquire, is duly returned and elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Yorke.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, with the Return for the City of Yorke, in order to amend the same.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Case, as it appeared to the Committee, touching the Double Return and Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of yllbrough in the County of Yot'k: The w’hich he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon hearing the Matter of the Double Return and

Election of Burgesses for Ald in the County of Yorke;

That the main Question was, Whether the Right of Election was in a select Number of Burgesses, holding by Burgage Tenure in the said Borough, or the Inhabitants there paying Scotland Lot.

And that it was agreed, if the Right was in the select Number, then Henry Boyle and John Esquires, were duly elected; if in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, then Sir Michael Wentworth, and Christopher Tanckred, Esquire, were duly elected.

That for Mr. Boyle and Mr. Vandenbendie, the Counsel produced several Indentures of Return,

' 14 Eliz. by a select Number: but the Record was tore.

1 Jac.by Seven Burgesses and Borough Men.

21 Jac. by Seven Burgesses and Borough Men.

3 Car. by Nine Burgesses and Borough Men.

15 Car.by the same.

13 Car. Jld' per 9 Burgenses Partem

gensium, quiE/ectioni ill' interfucrint.

2.5 Car. per 16 <§ mullos alios Burgenses: And John Benson, Esquire was elected: — Per 6 alios

Burgenses: And Sir John Rercsby was elected.

That these Two last were a Double Return: And it was resolved by the House for Mr. Benson: And produced,

Michael Hardcastle, James Hickman, Richard Lumley, Witnesses: Who said, The Right was in the Borough-men, who were commonly accounted to be of the Number of Nine.

Robert Hardcastlesaid, The Nine Borough-holders

voted for Mr. Boyle and Mr. Vandenbcndy.

That for Sir Mich. Wentworth, and Mr. Tanckred, the Counsel insisted, The Right of Election was in the Inhabitants; and that, though only some few might join in the Return, which was an incertain Number, yet others might be concerned in the Election: And produced several Indentures of Return; viz.

i* Carol.by Eleven Burgesses and Borough-men.

Another in the same Year; by the same.

13 Car.Ilu, per 9 Burgenses existen'major Partem

Burgensium, qui Elect ionemill' intcrf

30 Car.II , per20 8; mullos alios

major Part' Burgensium, qui Election

A. 1690.

31* Car. 11", per 58 8$ alios Burgeti existen'

Partem Burgeti presentium.

And the Resolution of the House, Anno 1679, That the Right of Election was in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot.

A Return of 3 3 Car. IP1, per 41 8$ alios Burgenses ejusdem Burgi existen majorem Partem presentium.

1° Jac. II per63 $ alios Burgenses ejusdem Burgi existen majorem Partem Burgensium presentium.

That it was said, That Three of the Nine that claimed to be Borough-holders received Alms, and the others w ere very poor.

That as to the Merits of the Return, it was not much insisted on; only it wfas said, That Seven of the Nine Boroughmen had joined in the Choice of the Bailiff, that returned Sir Michael Wentworth and Mr. Tanckred.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which the said Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aldbrough in the County of Yorke, is not only in the select Number of Burgesses, holding by a Burgage Tenure in the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Aldbrough, paying Scotland Lot, have Right to vote in electing Members of Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Mich.Wentworth, and Christopher Tanckred,

Esquire, are duly returned and elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Aldbrough.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee therein, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aldbrough in the County of Yorke, is not only in the select Number of Burgesses, holding by a Burgage Tenure in the said Borough;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^Mr‘ Fenwi\

1 ellers for the 1 eas, ForsteJ

Tellers for the Noes /^r‘ Palme

tellers for the Noes,|Mr Stockd

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee therein, That all the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Aldbrough, paying Scotland Lot, have Right to vote in electing Members of Parliament for the said Borough;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {‘J }'».

Tellers for the Noes, {J£ TrZlt} 124

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Mich. Wentworth, and Chr. Tanckred,

Esquire, are duly returned and elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Aldbrough.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, with the Return for the Borough of Albrough in the County of Yorke, in order to amend the same.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges and Knares_ Elections, the Case, as it appeared to the Committee, brough touching the Double Return and Election of Burgesses to Election, serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knarcs-brough in the County of Yorke: The which he delivered

111.

22

in

C.

New Windsor Election.

2W. &M. if Mm.

419

in at the Clerk’s Table in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

Upon hearing the Mer’ts of the Double Return and Election of Burgesses for in the County of Yorke;

That the Question was, Whether Thomas Fawkes or Hen. Slingesby, Esquires, was duly returned and elected.

And that the determining the Return depended on the Merits of the Election.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Burgage-holders.

That Mr. Fawkes, upon the Poll, had Twenty-two, and Sir Henry Slingesby Twenty Voices.

And that, upon Examination, it appeared to the Committee, Mr. Fawkes had most qualified Voices: And that thereupon they came to a Resolution: Which the said Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Fawkes, Esquire, is duly returned and elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Knaresbrough.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thom. Fawkes, Esquire, is duly resumed and elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Knaresbrough.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, with the Return for the Borough of Knaresbrough in the County of Yorke, in order to amend the same.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Case, as it appeared to the Committee, touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks: The which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Charles Porter, Knight, and Wm. Adderley, Esquire, against the Election and Return of Sir Christopher Wren, and Baptist May, Esquire, for New Windsor;

That the Question was, Whether the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and select Number of Burgesses, or in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot.

That if, in the former, it was agreed, The Sitting Members were elected; if, in the latter, it was agreed, The Petitioners were elected.

That, for the Petitioners, the Counsel insisted, That Windsor' was a Borough' by Prescription: And produced Returns of Burgesses for the said Borough of 30 I.

7 Edw. II.

And Indentures of Return of 25 H.Vl. — Mqjor&fCommunitasBur —

2" Eadem Form'.

29 H. Vl.J

39 H. VI. — Major, Ballivi, 8$ iota Communitas ele-gcrunt —

7 Edw. IV. — Ballivi 8$ Comburgenses elegerunt —

1 Maria. — Major Burgen ^C —

2 8$3 Phil. 8$ Mar. Eadem Forma.

1 Eliz. — Major, Ballivi, Burgenses <§ Communitas

__ elegerunt —

16 Car. — Burgesses and Inhabitants elected under Common Seals, and Seals of Inhabitants —

17 Car. — particular Burgesses and Inhabitants named, together with divers other Burgesses and Inhabitants elected —

And Resolutions of this House of 1640, 1679, 1680; That the Commonalty had a Right to elect: And called

Mr. Taylor and Mr. Eyre: Who testified, They had known many Elections: And that the Commonalty had the Right, and had constantly elected Burgesses for Windsor.

That, for the Sitting Members, the Counsel produced Vol. X.

a

<L>

C

E

o

O

<D

s

Im

<v

a Copy of the Charter of 5 Edw. I. quod Villa de Nova Windsor de cetero liber Burgus sit.

17 Edw. IV. — Major' 6$ Burgenses elegerunt —

1 Edw. VI. — Major, Ballivi, 8$ Burgenses elegerunt. 14 Eliz.]

26 Eliz. 28 Eliz.

per eodem.

30 Eliz.J

And the Resolutions of this House of 13 Car. II. in the Case of Sir Rich. Braham and Mr. Higgens; 2* Maii, i# Regni Regis 8$ Regina nunc, in Mr.

Case; 6 August, in the same Year, Sir Alg. May's Case; That the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and select Number of Burgesses.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee Came to several Resolutions: Which the said Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks, is in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and select Number of Burgesses only.

Resolved, That.it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Christopher Wren, and Baptist May, Esquire, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for Neio Windsor aforesaid.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee therein, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks is in the May or, Bailiffs, and select Number of Burgesses 01 '

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the

Tellers for the Noes,{

So it passed in the Negative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee therein, That Sir Christopher Wren, and Baptist May, Esquire, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for New Windsor aforesaid;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Ye".{c!j0nd Kre*, } ,4°'

Tellers for the Noes,(|}j; } 1

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Sir Charles Porter, and William Adderly, Esquire, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Nezc Windsor.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Afonday Morning next, with the Return for the Borough of Neiv Windsor in the County of Berks, in order to amend the same.

Ordered, That the Mayor of the Borough of New Windsor do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return of Burgesses for the said Borough.

} 138. } 144.

An ingrossed Bill for declaring the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown to be vested in their Majesties, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be made Part of the Bill; reciting, That the Hereditary Revenue hath been much incumbred by Pensions granted by Letters Patents in the Two last Reigns; and enacting, That all Pensions, or Sums of Money, which shall be hereafter granted by Letters Patents out of any Part of the Hereditary Excise, Post Office, or Wine Licences, shall cease at or upon the natural Death of the King or Queen who shall make any such Grant.

And

Supply Bill Hereditary Revenue.

Listing

Papists.

170 — 19° Mail,

A. 1690.

Luna, 19* die Mail;

2° Gulielmi et Maria?.

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attending, according to the Order of Saturday last;

He was called in; and amended the Return for the City of Yorke, by taking from off the File the Indenture, by which Robert Waller, Esquire, and Echo. Thomson, Esquire, were returned:

' And also amended the Return for the Borough of Ald-bi'ough, by taking from off the File the Indenture, by which John Boyle, Esquire, and John,

Esquire, were returned:

And also amended the Return for the Borough of Knaresbrough, by taking from off the File the Indenture by which Stockdale, Esquire, and Sir Hemy Slingsby, were returned.

And the Mayor of the Borough of New Windsor also attending;

He was called in; and made a Return of an Indenture, by which Sir Cha.Porter, and JVm. Adderly, Esquire,

were elected: And thereupon the Clerk of the Crown took from off the File the Indenture, by which Sir Christopher Wren, and Bapt. May, Esquire, were returned.

YorkeReturn

amended.

Aldbrough

Return

amended.

Knares-

brough

Return

amended.

New Windsor Return amended.

420

And the said Clause wfts Once read.

Resolved, That the Clause be read a Second time.

The Clause was fead a Second time.

Resolved, That the Clause be read a Third time.

The Clause was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Clause be added to the Bill.

Sir Thomas Clarges, according to the Order of the House, presented another ingrossed Clause, as a Rider, to the Bill, for the Commissioners of the Treasury to take the Oath of Lord Treasurer; with a Blank for the Time for their doing the same.

Which Clause'was twice read.

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with " the Second Day of June."

And the same was filled up at the Table accordingly.

The Clause was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Clause be made part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill, for Confirmation of Letters Patents granted by their Majesties, of divers Lands, to the Earl of Torrington, and his Hews; and for vesting the said Lands in him, and his Heirs accordingly: Which was thrice read.

Resolved, That the said Clause be made Part of the BUI.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill; That nothing in the said Act shall extend to vest any Estate, or Right, in their Majesties, to any Manors, Lands, Rents, or Hereditaments, that were Theodore Bathurst's of Lincolnes lime, Esquire, and were seized into the Hands of the late King Janies the Second, by reason of any Office or Inquisition found by colour of any Commission, further or otherwise than the same were vested in the said late King James.

Which Proviso was thrice read.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act declaring the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown to be vested in their Majesties.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill up to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Then the Examination of Mr. Dodsworth, taken before the Lord Chief Justice Holt, formerly presented to the House, was read.

Ordered, That a Copy of the said Examination be

taken by the Clerk of this House: And that afterwards, the said original Examination be delivered by the Members of this House, tlrat are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, to one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

Ordered, That Mr. Dodsworth have the Privilege and Protection of this House.

Sir Rich. Reynolds reports from the Committee to Exporting whom was referred the Petition of the Working Gold- Co*n-smiths in and about the City of London; and to whom the former Report thereupon was re-committed: And to prepare a Bill or Bills, as they Should see Cause; that they had prepared a Bill to discourage the Exportation of Bullion, and to encourage the Importation; and to the Converting thereof into the current Coin of this Realm: Which he presented to the House.

The Bill'was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

A Bill for confirming the Liberties of such Protestant Protestant Foreign Weavers, as are admitted into the Company of ^rrei£n Weavers of the City of London, was presented to the eavers-House.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Application directed by the last The Chap-Parliament to be made to his Majesty on the Behalf of lain- Mr. Willet, the then Chaplain to this House, That his Majesty would be pleased to give him some Preferment, in Consideration of his Service and diligent Attendance, be humbly renewed to his Majesty: And that the same be done by the Master of the Rolls.

Commissioners of Accounts.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-ing next, after the Report upon the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take the Accompts of all publick Monies since the Fifth November 1688 is proceeded upon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the better securing the Publick Peace, and preventing the Designs of Papists, and other disaffected Persons to their Majesties Government.

Securing

Government

against

Rebellion.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the more effectual securing their Majesties Government, against all such Persons as conspire to rise in Rebellion, and disturb the Peace of the Kingdom, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir James Rushout be added to that Committee.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjqurned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Ordered, That such Gentlemen of the Long Robe as Members are Members of this House, be, by the Serjeant at Anns, summoned, sent for from the several Bars in Westminster Hall, to attend the Service of the House. s

An ingrossed Bill for Relief of the poor Prisoners, was Debtors read the Third time. _ Relief.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill, That no Prisoners shall have any Benefit by this Act, who are in Prison for Debts to the Amount of above One hundred Pounds: Which was thrice read.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill, That no Person convict of Perjury or Forgery, shall have the Benefit of the Act: Which was thrice read.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be made Part of the

Bin.

And afterwards, a Debate arising in the House upon the said Bill;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Friday Morning next.

Ordered,

2 W. & M.

19® — 20° Mail. 42f

t

Leave for Member to attend Lords

Ordered \That Sir Charles Porter have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Forster and

Munt.

Commis- Then the House proceeded in the further Consideration

sioners of of the Report upon the Bill for appointing and enabling Accon.pt*. Commissioners to take an Account of all Publick Monies, since the Fifth of November 16S8.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Commissioners, to be appointed, be Nine, and no more.

Resolved, That no Person be a Commissioner, who hath any Office of Profit, or is accountable to their Majesties.

Resolved, That every Member of this House do prepare a List, in Paper, of Nine Persons, whom he shall think fit to be Commissioners in the said Bill, and roll up the same; and put the same into a Glass at the Table Tomorrow Morning at Eleven of the Clock.

And the Question being put, That the several Lists be subscribed by the Member presenting the same;

It passed in the Negative.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That Sir E Hussey do carry the Bill for Hereditary declaring the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown to

Revenue. be vested in their Majesties, to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Piper A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and

Manufacture. Mr. Meredith;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed the Bill, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and better establishing the Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom, without uny Amendments.

Securing Government igTunst Kebelhon.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for the more effectual securing their Majesties Government against such as conspire to rise in Rebellion, and disturb the Peace of the Kingdom, That tiicy had prepared a Bill accordingly: Which he presented to the House.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Morning, after the List of Commissioners Names for taking the Accompts of the Publick Monies are delivered in.

Hackney Resolved, That the House will, upon Thursday Mom-

Coache*. ing next,’ at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches.

Attainder of Ordered, That the Bill for attainting such Persons as Persona in are in Rebellion against their Majesties, be read a Second Rebellion. time upon Thursday Morning next.

Committees. Ordered,'That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mortis, 20® die Maii 2° Gulielmi el Maria?.

Prayers. '

Leave of RDERED, That Mr. Shadrack Vincent have Leave

Absence. to go into the Country upon urgent Occasions.

Recovery of Mr. Christy reports from the Committee to whom the Tythes, &c. Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, and for Repair of Churches and Chancels, was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, with several Amendments: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same, with the Coherence, in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time one by one; and all but the First Amendment, which the House disagreed to, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And some other Vot. X.

Amendments were, upon the Question put thereupon made in the Bill.

And then the House being moved, That a Clause in the Bill touching the Ecclesiastical Courts, to have a Jurist-diction in respect of such Tythes, and to proceed in a summary Way; and for taking away Excommunications for small Tythes, and for transmitting their Sentences to be executed by the Justices of Peace; may be re-committed;

Resolved, That the said Clause, beginning Folio 6, after the Word "expressed," in Line 5, to '" And be it Enacted," in Folio 9, Line 12, be re-committed to the same Committee.

And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee,

That they do limit the Value of the Tythes to be determined within the said Bill: And that they do make the Bill to cohere: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Him.Whitlock have Leave to attend Leave for the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Dod and Member to Burroughes. attend Lord*.-

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inquire into Listing the Listing, Assembling, and Exercising of Papists, and Papist*, other disaffected Persons in Arms in several Counties of this Kingdom without their Majesties Commission, do meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and sit de die in diem: and that Mr. Whitley be added to the Committee: And that all that come have Voices.

Ordered, That the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, who Member* are Members of the House, be summoned by the Serjeant, summoned, from the several Bars in Westminster . , to attend

the Service of this House.

The several Members of the House, according; to the Commis -Order of Yesterday, delivered in their Lists of Persons sioners of Names to be Commissioners in the Bill for taking the Accompl,‘ Accompt of the publick Monies: For which Purpose, the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, the one on the one Side of the House, the other of the other, went, with each of them a Glass in his Hand, along the several Benches to gather the same from the Members sitting in their Places.

And the same being done, and the Glasses brought to the Table;

Ordered, That Sir Matth. AndreevsMr. Heme, Colonel Birch, Mr. Culliford, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Tho. Vernon, do withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, and view the Lists; and report to the House upon which Nine Persons Names the Majority of Votes falls.

And they withdrew accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual securing their Majesties Securing Government against such as conspire to rise in Rebellion, Government and disturb the Peace of the Kingdom, was read the against Second time. RebeUlon’

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Then the Names of the Persons mentioned in Mr. Listing Dodsworth's Examinations, both at the Bar of the House, Papist* and also before the Lord Chief Justice Holt, were read; being as followeth; viz. Colonel Thom. Lieutenant

Thom. Butler, Lieutenant Colonel a Protestant,

Cornet Knype, Comet Coall, Captain Tho. under

Colonel Molineux, Captain Ralp Tildesly, Lieutenant Colonel Gerrard, Captain Henry Butler, Captain Westby,

Captain Rich. Butler, Captain Harrington, Captain Alex.

Butler, Captain Rob. Molineux, Captain Thom. Cams,

Captain Massey, Lieutenant Wm. WCaptain Mr. Goodwin a Priest, Captain Lieutenant Geo.

Cants of Se/lel, Lieutenant Standley, Lieutenant Penalt,

Quarter Master Duckett, under Colonel Dalton, Comet Cams, under Colonel 7manly, Ed Lieutenant

Colonel Slandish, Doctor Worton, Captain Bierly alias Barlow, Comet Wolf all.

Ordered, That Sir Fran. Blake do go to Sir James Rushout, who is sick, and desire him to send to this House such Examinations as he hath touching any Persons in 5 O Worcestershire

b -

422

20* — 22° Mail

A, 1690.

Worcestershire, conspiring against their Majesties Government.'

Resolved, That the House do immediately resolve itself kito a Committee of the whole House to consider of the said Bill.

And the House resolved into-a Committee accordingly. Mr: Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Con»-mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Royal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, to Bills. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mf. Speaker,.

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, and the House, went to attend his Majesty,

And being returned1;

Mr. Speaker reports, That his Majesty had1 been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Bills following;

An Act for the Exercise of the Government by her Majesty, during his Majesty’s Absence.

An Act for reversing the Judgment in a Quo Warranto against the City of London; and for restoring the City of London to its ancient Rights and Privileges.

An Act to declare the Right and Freedom of Election t)f Members to serve in Parliament for the Cinque Ports-

An Act for discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk.

An Act for confirming to the Governor and Company, trading to Hudsons Bay, their Privileges and Trade.

An Act for the encouraging and better establishing the Manufacture of White Paper in this Kingdom.

An Act to enable Sir Edwin Sadlier to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts.

An Act for the granting to Relict of John Hobby, Esquire, and now the Wife of the Lord Alexander, Son and Heir apparent of Henry Earl of Starling in the Kingdom of Scotland, One Annuity or yearly Relit-charge of Four hundred and Fifty Pounds for her Life, in Satisfaction of Five hundred Pounds per Annum in Lands, which she was tc. have for her Jointure.

stye Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri-

Election. vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Port of Rye, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Listing Sir Fra. Blake acquaints the House, That he had been

Papists. according to their Order, with Sir James Rushout; and had brought the Examinations which were in his Hands; arid presented the same to the House.

Motion for A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Adjourn- That the House do now adjourn; ment- It passed in the Negative.

Securing Then the House resolved again into a Committee of

Government the whole House, upon the said Bill, for securing their against Majesties Government against all such as conspire to rise Rebellion. jn Rebellion, and disturb the Peace of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the said Bill: And that he was directed by them to move,

That the Committee may sit again upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Commis- Sir Matth.Andrews reports from the Committee

tloners of appointed to withdraw, and view the Lists of the Persons Accunipts. js[ames given jn to be Commissioners for taking the

16

Accompts of the Publick Monies, That the Majority of Votes had fallen upon the Nine Persons following; viz.

Colonel Rob. Austin 183, Sir John Mathews 114, Sir Sam. Bemadiston 100, Sir Ben. Newland 135, Sir Tho.

Clarges 133, Sir Rob. Rich 125,. Sir 173,

Sir Jos. Williamson 108, Mr. Kent 94.

Resolved, That, the said Persons be inserted Commissioners into the said Bill for taking the publick Accompts.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, proceed in the further Consideration of the Report upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jervis, 22* die M; 2° Gulielmi el Maria?.

Prayers.

R HER ED, That the Thanks of this House be given, Dr. Sharp# by Sir Jos. Williamson and Mr. Shadrach Vincent, to thanked. Doctor Sharpe the Dean of Canterbury, for his Sermon preached Yesterday before this House at St. Margaret's Westminster: And that he be desired to print the same;

A Bill for confirming the Liberties of such Protestant Protestant Foreign Weavers, as are admitted into the Company of foreign Weavers of the City of London, was read the Second Weaver*., time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossedv

Then the House took into their further Consideration Commis-the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to sioners of take the Accompts. of all publick Monies, since the Fifth AccomP1*-November 1688.

And the House being acquainted, that Mf. one of the Commissioners appointed, was an Accomptant to their Majesties; and he desiring to- be excused;

Ordered, That the Name of Mr. Kent be struck out:

And that Mr. Thomas Coulson, of London, Merchant, be inserted a Commissioner, instead of the said Mr. Kent.

Then the Blanks in the Bill were filled up with, the Commissioners Names agreed upon by the House; for them, or any Five of them, to execute the Powers in the Bill; and also the Blanks for the Sums to be paid to the Clerks, and other Officers: And several other Amendments were proposed and agreed upon; and the Bill amended accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher , Mr. Foley,

Sir Wm. Whitlock, Sir Mat. Andrews, Colonel , do. withdraw; and prepare and bring in a Clause for a Salary or Allowance to be given to the Commissioners-executing the Powers in the said' Bill.

And they withdrew accordingly.

And being returned.

Sir Wm. Whitlock reports: That they had prepared- a Clause, with a Blank for the Sum Which he presented to the House.

And the Clause was twice read.

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with Five hundred Pounds.

Resolved, That the Clause be made Part of the Bilk

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iogrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Fran. Guybon, Sir Math. Andrews, London Air. Bockenham, Mr Cary , Lov&Ranelagh, Mr. Market*.

Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr.

England, Sir John Cutler, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons of divers Callings, who keep the Markets in the City of London, *

A Message from the Lords, by Air. Justice Eyres and Air. Baron Turton;

Air.

Act of Grace.

Precedents of Messages with Acts of Grace.

Securing

Government

against

Itebelliom

Weavers

Company.

Committees.

TTie

Chaplain.

Act of Grace.

Weavers , Company.

a W. & M.

2 2° — 33° Mali

423

Mr. Speaker, His Majesty has been pleased to send this Bill, intituled, An Act for the King and Queen’s Majesties most gracious, general, and free Pardon: Which the Lords have accepted 5 and passed, contradicente, and now send it down to this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to search Precedents, and to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, upon the Message from the Lords to this House, with the Bill for the King and Queen’s Majesties most gracious, general, and free Pardon.

And it is referred unto Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Master of the Rolls, Lord Falkland, Sir Fare. Seymour, Colonel Granvile, Mr. Paul Foley, Lord Win. Part.let. Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Rob.Rich, Mr. Finch, Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Tho. Lee, Colonel Birch, Serjeant Mr. Dalien, Sir Jos. Williamson, S\r Tho. Clarges, Colonel

Austen, Sir John Guise, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Bmvycr, Mr. Montague; or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to make their Report to the House Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for securing the publick Peace, and preventing the Designs of Papists, and other disaffected Persons to their Majesties Government.

A Petition of the Livery and Liege Master Weavers, Natives and Freemen of the Company of Weavers, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read, before the Bill touching the Protestant Foreign Weavers be read the Third time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 23° die Maii;

2° Gulielmi et Mariac.

Prayers.

J^ESOLVED, That an humble Address be pre- sented to his Majesty, by such Members of this 'House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That he will please to confer upon Mr. Man-ingham, Chaplain of this House, the next Prebend of Windsor or Westminster that shall fall.

Ordered, That Mr. Roberts do carry the Bill for their Majesties most gracious, general, anti free Pardon, to the Lords.

A Petition of the Livery and Liege Master Weavers, Natives and Freemen of the said Company, tyas read; setting forth, That a fatal Consequence will ensue to the Petitioners upon the passing the Bill brought into this House, upon the Petition of Peter Snee, and others, Aliens, who have, for many Years, exercised the Trade of Weaving, contrary to the known Laws and Statutes of this Realm; which, if they may continue, will tend to the utter Ruin of the said Trade, and Thousands of Families: And praying to be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before any further Progress be had thereon. Vox.. X.

And the Petitioners were called in; and it was proposed to them, That if they will stay Proceedings upon the Informations by them prosecuted against the Protestant Foreign Weavers, till the Matter touching this Bill be determined, that then they shall be heard upon their Petition.

And they submitting themselves to the House; and then withdrawing;

Resolved, That the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel Tomorrow Morning, at the Bar of this House, before the Bill be read the Third time.

A Petition of divers Clothiers of divers Counties, was Woolen read;' setting forth, That it i6 very manifest to all, that Manufacture* the Cloathing Trade of this Kingdom is fallen, of late Years, to a great Decay, to the Ruin of many thousand Families; the Reasons whereof are fully demonstrated in the Bill before this House for the Improvement of the Woolen Manufacture: And praying. That when the said Bill be read the Third time, the Petitioners (if need be) may be admitted to vindicate the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouraging of the Woolen Manufacture, is committed. '

An ingrossed Bill for appointing and enabling Com- Commis-missioners to take the Accompts oif all Publick Monies, since ®*oners of the Fifth of November 1688, was read the Third time. ccomp

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill, for an Accompt to be made of the Monies issued in the Time of the late King James, for Repair of the Fleet:

Which was twice read.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned, until after the Report made of the Reasons for a Conf erence with the Lords, touching their Message to this House with the Bill for the King and Queen's Majesties most gracious, general, and free Pardon.

Mr. Foley reports from the Committee appointed to conference prepare Reasons to Be offered at a Conference with the on Message Lords, touching their Message to this House with the Bill with Act of for the King and Queen’s Majesties most gracious, general, Grace, and free Pardon, That they had prepared Reasons accord- . ingly: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were twice read; and agreed unto; and are as followeth; viz.

That the Commons, having received a Message from your Lordships in these Words, " That his Majesty had been pleased to send thi&' Bill, intituled, An Act for the King and Queen’s Majesties most gracious, general, and free Pardon, which the Lords have accepted; and passed,

Nemine contradicenle\ and now send it downhave desired this Conference, to acquaint your Lordships, That they conceive this Message is not according to the usual Way of transmitting Bills between the Two Houses: For that neither House does acquaint the other, by what Number any Bill before them do pass: And the introducing any Alteration, in the usual Method of Proceedings, may be of dangerous Consequence.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Message from the Lords to this House with the Bill for the King and Queen’s Majesties most gracious, general, and free Pardon.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, Royal Assent Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; 10

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

; And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned; /

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had attended his Majesty: And that his Majesty had been pleased to give the

Royal

424 Q3°Maii. — '7 — OSyuliL — l8°Au 11° — l&Sept.J.1690.

The King's Speech.

Acfjoum-

atenu

Royal Assent to the Bill for the Krrrg and Queen’s Majesties most gracious, general, and free Pardon: And that afterwards his Majesty was graciously pleased to make a Speech to both Houses, to the Effect following;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have had such Assurance of yonr good Affections to Me, that I come now to thank you; and particularly for the Supplies you have given Me: The Season of the Year is so far advanced, that I can no longer delay My going into Ireland; and therefore I think it necessary to have an Adjournment of the Parliament.

And although it shall be but to a Short Day, yet, unless some great Occasion require it (of which you shall have due Notice), I do not intend you shall sit to do Business until the Winter; and I hope, by the Blessing of God, we then shall have a happy Meeting.

In the meat) time, I recommend to you the Discharge of your Duties in your respective Counties, that the Peace of the Nation may be secured by your Vigilance and Care in your several Stations.

And that, afterwards, the Lord Chief Baron signified his Majesty’s Pleasure, That both Houses of Parliament Should adjourn until the Seventh next

Resolved, That this House do now adjourn accordingly.

And then the House was accordingly adjourned, until the Seventh Day of July next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Luna, 7° die Julii;

2* Gulielmi ct Maria*.

Praters.

THE House being met;

A Message was delivered by Sir Thomas Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords, who are authorized by virtue of their Majesties Commission, desire the Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers, and heard the said Commission read: Which was, for proroguing this Parliament. And, pursuant thereunto, this Parliament was prorogued until the Eight-and-twentieth Day of July lustaat.

ParlianieDt

prorogued.

Luna, 28* die Julii;

2* Gulielmi et Mariae.

ParRament rTP H E Parliament being, the Seventh Day of July, farther JL Instant, prorogued to this Day; and the House prorogued, being met;

A Message was delivered by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black llod;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords, authorized by their Majesties Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where their Majesties Commission for the proroguing of the Parliament being read; the Parliament was, in pursuance thereof prorogued until the Eighteenth Day of August next.

Parliament

farther

prorogued.

Luna, 18* die Augusii;

2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

THE Parliament being, the Twenty-eighth Day of July last, prorogued to this Day; and the House

being met;

A Message was delivered by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords, authorized by virtue of

their Majesties Commission, desire the Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where their Majesties Commission for the proroguing the Parliament being read; the Parliament was,' in pursuance thereof, prorogued until the Eighth Day of September next.

Adjourn-

ment.

Adjourn*

ment.

Lima, 8* die Septembris; 2* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Resolved, That the House do adjourn till Tomorrow Morning.

THE Parliament being, upon the Eighteenth Day of August last, prorogued to this Day; and the House being met;

A Motion was made, That the House do adjourn until Thursday Morning next:

And the Question being put, That the House do adjourn accordingly;

Resolved, That the House be adjourned until Thursday Morning next.

And then tlje House adjourned until Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 11* die Septembris;

2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

AMOTION being made. That the House do adjourn till Tomorrow Morning;

The Question was put. That the House do adjourn accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 12* die Septembris; 2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

THE House being met;

A Message was delivered by Sir Thomas Duppa, Parliament Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; further

Mr. Speaker, The Lords, authorized by their Majesties Proro&ue4> Commission, desire the Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where their Majesties Commission for the proroguing the Parliament being read j the Parliament was, in pursuance thereof, prorogued until the Second Day of October next

3 W. 0 M. . 30 Octobris. 435

joivs, 2* Octobris

Anno Gulielmi et Marias

Annoque Domini 1690.

Metsageto \ MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Thomds attend th# Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Kin*’ Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers, to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Th« King's Mr. Speakerreports, That his Majesty had been pleased Speech re- ma|^e a most gracious Speech to both Houses: But in 1)0 " regard the same was long, and that there was a great Noise made by die Crowd, and that his Majesty’s Voice was low, he could riot distinctly hear the same; and therefore, he had desired and obtained a Copy of it: And he read the same; and is as followed); viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

SINCE I last met you, I have used My best Endeavours to reduce Ireland into such a Condition this Year, as that it might be no longer a Charge to And

it has pleased God to bless My Endeavours with such Success, diat I doubt not but- Should have been fully possessed of diat Kingdom by this Time, had I been enabled to have gone into the Field as soon as I Should have done; and as is more especially necessary in Ireland, where the Rains are so great, and begin so early.

I think Myself obliged to take Notice, how well the Army there have behaved themselves on all Occasions; and borne great Hardships, with little Pay, and with so much Patience and Willingness, as could not proceed but from an affectionate Duty to My Service, and a Zeal for the Protestant Religion.

I have already made it evident, How much I have preferred the Satisfaction of my Subjects before the most solid Advantages of the Crown, by parting with so considerable a Branch of its Inheritance: And it is no less apparent, that I have asked no Revenue for Myself, but what I have readily subjected to be charged to the Uses of the War.

I did, at my Departure, give order for all the publick Accompts to be made ready for Me against My Return; and I have commanded them to be laid before the House of Commons: By which they will see, That the real Want of what was necessary beyond the Funds given, and the not getting in due Time That for which Funds were assigned, have been the principal Causes, Why the Army is in so much Arrear of their Pay, and the Stores, both for the Navy and the Ordnance, not supplied as they ought to be.

Now, as I have neither spared My Person, nor My Pains, to do you all the Good I could; so I doubt not, but if you will as chearfully do your Parts, it is in your Power to make both Me and yourselves happy, and the Nation great: And, on the other hand, it is too plain, by what the French have let you see so lately, that, if the present War be not prosecuted with Vigour, no Nation in the World is exposed to greater Danger.

I hope therefore there will need no more upon that Subject, than to lay before you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, the State of what will be necessary for the Support of the Fleet arid Annies, which cannot possibly admit of being lessened in the Year ensuing; and to recommend to your Care the Clearing of My Revenue, so as to enable Me to sublist, and to maintain the Charge of the Civil List; the Revenue being so engaged, that it must be wholly applied, after the First of November next, to pay off the Debts already charged upon it: And there-forea present Consideration must be had of the Arrears of the Army, which shall likewise be laid before you; and, for all which, I must desire a sufficient and timely Supply.

It is further necessary to inform you, that die whole Support of the Confederacy abroad will absolutely depend Vol. X.

upon the Speed and Vigour Of your Proceedings in tills Session.

And hefe I must take Notice, with gredf Satisfaction, of the Readiness which My Subjects, of all Degrees, have shewn both in this City* and in- their several Countries, by giving their Assistances so chearfully as they did in My Absence, while the French Fleet was upon our Coasts; and, besides this so convincing Mark of the good Inclinations of My People, I have found through all the Countries where I passed, both at My

5ping into Ireland, and in My Return from theqee, such demonstrations of their Affections, that I have not the least Doubt but I shall find the same from their Representatives in Parliament.

I cannot conclude without taking Notice also, How much the Honour of the Nation has been exposed by the ill Conduct of My Fleet in the last Summer’s Engagement against the French; and I think Myself so much Concerned to see it vindicated, that I cannot rest satisfied till an Example has been made of such as shall be found faulty upon their Examination and Tryal: Which was not practicable while the whole Fleet was abroad; but is now put into the proper Way of being done as soon as may be. My Lords and Gentlemen,

I look upon the future Well-being of this Kingdom to depend upon the Result of your Counsels and Determinations at this Time; and the Benefit will be double by the Speed of your Resolutions; inso much that I hope you will agree with Me in This Conclusion, That whoever goes about to obstruct or divert your Applications to these Matters, preferably to all others, can neither be My Friend, nor the Kingdom's.

Then a Bill for reviving a former Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Friday in the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Kellington in the County of Cornemill in the room of Sir John Coryton, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury in the County of Suffolke, in the room of Philip Gourdon, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Agmondesham in the County of Bucks, in

the room of Sir William Drake, Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Minhead in the County of Somerset, in the room of Francis Lutterell, Esquire, queeased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath in the County of Somersett, in the room of Maurice Viscount Fitzharding, deceased.

5 P,

Coal Trade.

Grand

Committees.

Kellington

Writ.

Sudbury

Writ.

Agmondesham Writ.

Minhead

Writ.

Bath Writ.

426 2°- — 6° O i6yd.

East Retford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford in the County of Nottingham, in the room of Evelyn Pierpoint, Esquire, called up to the House of Lords.

Adjourn- Resolved, That the House do adjourn till Monday ment Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten a Clock, accordingly.

Luna,6° die Octobris;

Gulielmi et Marias 2*.

Praters.

Committee /~\RDERED, That a Committee of Elections and Privi-

of Privileges, v/ leges be appointed of the Persons following; viz. Mr.

John Gray, Sir Geo.Hutchins, Mr. Mr. Chetwyn,

Lord Castleton, Mr. Bi Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Wm. Cooke, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Hen. Gosse, Mr. Tanckred, Sir Bloys, Mr. Sherrard, Lord Falkland, Lord Fairfax, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Jerv. Mr. Slater,

Sir Rich. Onslmv, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir Mr.

Bull, Mr. Gilbert, S\rTho:H Mr. Burdet, Mr. Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Phil. Foley, Major General Trelawny, Mr. Cary, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Ralph Carre, Sir Edw.Aiscough, Mr Mr. Harcourt, Sir

Wm. Whitlock, Lord Marquis Winchester, Mr. Arnold, Sir Robert Nappier, Mr. Sir Rob. Davers, Mr.

Done, Mr. Thomhaugh, Sir Peter Coryton, Mr. Russell, Mr. Neicport, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Sir

Walter Young, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Wilfred Lord Ranelagh, Lord Digby, Lord Elan, Mr. Forster, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Turges, Mr. Campion, Sir PhU.Butler, Mr. BuSir Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Pitts, Mr. Palmes, Sir Mich. Wharton, Sir Phil. pon, Mr. Fleming, Sir Sam. BMr. Waller, Mr. Tho. Windham, Mr. B Sir Cha. Raleigh, Lord Norreys, SirMatth.Andrews, SxrJohn Butler, Lord Brandon, Mr. England, Sir Jos. Herne, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Russell, Mr. Kenyon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and on every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place before mentioned; and to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the first place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the House, from time to time; and all Persons that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in And the Committee is to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information. And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by This-day-three-weeks for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place. And if anything shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Cirencester A Petition of John Hoice, Esquire, was read; setting Election. forth, that the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ciren-. cester, by the Majority of Electors duly qualified; and ought to have been returned by the Steward of the said Borough, to whom the Precept was directed; but he, by indirect Means and Practices, hath unduly returned Henry Porclc, Esquire, and Rich. Howe, Esquire, as Burgesses to

serve in this present Parliament, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Richard A,tkinsand Sir Peter Tyrrell, Buckinghau Baronets, and of John Rogers, and several others of the Election. Burgesses and Inhabitants of the ancient Borough of ingham, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners,

Sir Richard Atkins and Sir PeterTyrrell, were duly chosen

to serve as Members for the said Borough by the Burgesses and Inhabitants thereof who have a Right to elect; nevertheless Sir Rich. Temple, and Alexander Denton, Esquire, are returned, as duly chosen, by the Bailiff and Twelve Capital Burgesses, exclusive to the rest of the Burgesses and Inhabitants, in Injury to the Petitioners, and Vior lation of the Rights of the said Borough: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the ancient Borough Ditto, of Buckingham was read: setting forth, That the Borough had a Right to send Members to Parliament before the present Incorporations: That the Petitioners, in pursuance of such their . ., with many others, were at the last Election, on the Nineteenth February 1689; and then tendered their Voices to be taken, and demanded a Pollof the Bailiff; who denied the same, and confined the Elec* tien to himself and Twelve Capital Burgesses, in Injury of the Petitioner’s Right: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, that the Petitioners Right may be vindicated, and the Election made void, and a new one granted, wherein the Petitioners may be allowed their Voices.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Caleb Banks and Tho. Frewen, Esquires, Rye Election, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were duly elected for the Port of Rye, by a Majority of the legal Votes; yet the Mayor hath returned Sir John Austin and Sir John Darrell, in Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House, in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Bryan Stapleton, Baronet, was read; Burrow-setting forth, That he was duly elected for the Borough bridge of Burrowbridge by the plurality of qualified Votes; yet,' Election, notwithstanding, the High Sheriff hath returned Christopher Vane, Esquire, as duly elected, by directing his Precept to an illegal Bailiff, who suffered many, not qualified Persons, to poll, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Vaughan, Esquire, w’as read; set- Cardigan ting forth, That, by an Act made 1® Mariee, the County Election. Courts of the County of Cardigan are appointed to be kept at the Towns of Aberystwith and Cardigan, alternis vici-bus: That the next County Court, after the Writ for electing a Knight of the Shire came to the Sheriff’s Hands, happened to be at Aberystwith;where the Sheriff

proceeding

ChesUr

ElecUoa*

"Radnor

Election.

Colchester

Election.

Sandwich

Election.

a W. & M. 6° Octobis.427

proceeding to an Election, the Petitioner and Sir Carbury A Petition of Sir John \*as read; setting Droitwid.

Price stood as Candidates, and many polled on either forth, That the Petitioner was legally chosen with the ElecUon-Side that Day; and, had the Sheriff done his Duty, the Lord for the Borough of Uroitwichnotwith-

Poll might then have been finished; but he, by Con- standing which Philip Foley, Esquire, is returned with the federacy, adjourned the Poll to the next Day, when the said Lord in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And

Writ was returnable; upon which Day the Sheriff then praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, allowed such as had only Mortgages to poll for Sir Car- Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be bury, but refused Persons of the like Capacity for the referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Petitioner: And although there were then above Four Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the hundred qualified Voters who would have been polled that same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Day, yet the Sheriff (contrary to the Duty of his Place)

refused to poll them; but before Twelve a Clock ad- A Petition of Charles Morley, Esquire, was read; set- Winton journed the Court and Poll to Cardigan (above Thirty ting forth, That he was duly elected one of the Citizens Election. Welsh Miles off) till Two of the Clock the next Day; of }Vniton by the Majority of legal Voters; yet, not-and then, when the Return of the Writ was passed, pro- withstanding, by some indirect Practices, the Lord JVm. ceeds to a pretended Poll, and made an illegal Return of Paxclettand Frederick Esquire, are returned by the said Sir Carbury Price, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, foe Mayor, in Prejudice of the Petitioners Right: And and the I. reeholders of the said County: And praying praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, the Consideration of the House in the Premises. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileycs and Elections: be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same> with their Opinions therein, to the House, same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

. A Petition of Humphry , Esquire, was read; Mitchell

A Petition of Roger Whitley, Esquire, and George setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected for the Election. Mamcaireing, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Borough o; yet, nevertheless, one

were duly elected for the City of Chester; but that, by Esquire, by many undue Practices and Briberies, hath pro-Combination between one of the Sheriffs, with the Seal- cured himself to be returned by the Portreve, in Preju-keeper of the County Palatine, Sir Tho. Grosv'enor, Ba- dice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of ronet, and Rich. Lcving, Esquire, were returned, inPre- foe House in the Premises, and Relief therein, judice of the Petitioners, and the said City: And praying Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition the Consideration of the House in the Premises. be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: same> wjfo their Opinions therein, to the House.

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House. A Petition of Ralph Buclatall, Esquire, was read; Marlow

setting forth, That James Chase, Esquire, and the Peti- Election.

A Petition of Robert Harley, Esquire, wras read; set- tioner were duly elected for the Borough of Great Marlow, ting forth, That the High Sheriff of the County of Rad- and were accordingly proclaimed by Two of the Con-nor proceeded to the Election about the Twenty-fifth of stables, who are the proper Officers there; and were also February, but issued out no Precept to the Bailiff of New returned by their Indentures, joined in by many of the Radnor; so that the Election for that Borough began not Inhabitants: After the doing whereof, the said Constables, till Seventeenth March:notwithstanding which unwar- and divers of the Inhabitants were called out of their ran table Practices the Petitioner was duly elected by the Beds, and were unduly prevailed upon to execute an-Majority of legal qualified Voices, but the Bailiff returned other indenture; w herein the said Mr. Chase, with Sir Sir Rowland Groyne for the said Borough, in Prejudice of Wm. Whitlock, are returned, in Prejudice of the Peti-the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the tioner's Right: And praying the Consideration of the Premises, and Relief therein. House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the Who are to examine the Matters thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House. same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Isaac Rebow, Esquire, was read; set- A Petition of Wm. Wyndham, Esquire, was read; New Sarum ting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected for the setting forth. That the Petitioner, on Twenty-seventh Election. Borough of Colchester: Yet the then Mayor of the Town February last, was duly elected one of the Citizens for hath returned Samuell Reynells and Edward Cary, Hew Sarum by the Majority of legal Voices, and ought to Esquires, though the Petitioner had a greater number of have been returned; but the Mayor, in Wrong to the Peti-legal Votes than either of the said Persons: And praying tioner, hath returned Thomas Pitt, Esquire: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises. the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the seme, with their Opinions therein, to the House. same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Mitchell, Esquire, was read; set- A Petition of Thomas Trenchard, Esquire, was read; Dorchester ting forth, That the Petitioner and Mr. Serjeant Thur- setting forth, That the Petitioner, with James Gould, Election. bartie wrere on the Twenty-eighth of February last duly Esquire, were duly elected for the Borough of Dorchester; chosen for the Port of Sandwich by the Majority of legal notwithstanding which, the Mayor hath returned Sir Rob.

Voices; yet the Officer hath returned Mr. Brent, in Pre- Napier in the stead of the Petitioner, for the said Bo-judice to the Petitioner: And praying to be restored to rough: And praying the Consideration of the House in such his Right. the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House. same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

4^8

6° Octobris.

A. 1690,

Bridport

Election.

Truro#

Election.

W areham Election.

Berk#

Election.

Devices

Election.

Stafford Elec Lion.

A Petition of John Manley senior, Esquire, was Tead; setting forth, That the Petitioner, with John Mitchell, Esquire, were duly elected for the Borough and Town of Bridport; yet, notwithstanding, the Bailiffs of the Borough have returned Steven Evans, Esquire, in the stead and in Injury of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and that the Petitioner may be restored to his Right.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Manley junior, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That Mr. Rob. pretending himself

Mayor of Truroe, and having got the Custody of the Precept, he refused to give public Notice of the Election, by means whereof several legal Voters could not be present; notwithstanding which undue Practices, the Petitioner was duly elected; but the said Mayor hath returned Sir Henry Ashurst, to the great Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Skinner, Esquire was read; setting forth, That, upon the Twenty-fifth of February last, upon casting up the Poll at the Election for the Borough of Wareham, the Petitioner and Colonel Earle had the

Majority of legal Voices; notwithstanding which, the present Mayor hath returned Mr. Okeden, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Rich. Neville, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That, on the Twenty-fourth of February last the Petitioner was duly elected a Knight of the Shire for the County of Berks by the Majority of Freeholders; notwithstanding which, the Sheriff, in Wrong to the Petitioner, hath returned Sir Hen. And

praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Methwcn, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, with JVal Esquire,

' were duly elected for the Borough of the Devises; notwithstanding which, the Mayor of the Borough hath taken upon himself, without the Consent of the Burgesses, by a pretended Indenture executed by himself alone, contrary to the constant Usage of the said Borough, falsely and illegally to return Sir Tho.and Esquire, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Philip Foley, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected for the Borough and Town of Stafford by the Majority of legal Electors; but the Mayor of the Town hath illegally returned Jonathan Cope, Esquire, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

referred to the Committee "of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Fitton Gerrard, and Francis Lloyd, Esquires, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were returned by the proper Officers and Electors of the Town of Ludlow to the Sheriff of the County of Salop; yet the said Sheriff, at the Instigation of Francis Charlton, who pretends to have Right of Return, by Colour of the late King James' Charter, contrary to the Right and Custom of the Town, hath returned Tho. Hanmore, and JVm. Goicre, Esquires, against Right, and in Prejudice of the Petitioner; and praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises: And that these being Matters that relate chiefly to the Right of Return, and the Charter, and who are the proper Officers and Electors, that the same may be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Webb, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, notwithstanding the many indirect Practices of the Mayor and Town Clerk of JVotton Bassett,... duly elected for the said Borough; but that the said Mayor hath returned John Windham, Esquire, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir James Forbes, and Thomas Brotherton, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That, on the Eleventh of March, the Petitioners were duly elected for the Borough of Nezv Towne, and ought to have been returned; but Mr. Wm.Wood the Steward, and Tho. Stirrop the Bailiff, have, nevertheless, unduly returned Sir John Chichley, and Geo. Cholmondley, Esquire, in Wrong of the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Vincent, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected for Ry-gate by the Majority of legal Electors; notwithstanding, the Bailiff hath unduly returned Mr. Parsons, though he neither was duly elected, or therefore legally qualified; whereby the Petitioner is deprived of his Right: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Williams, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That, by very undue and irregular Practices, Edward Brereton, Esquire, was returned for the Borough of Denbeigh; notwithstanding the Petitioner was duly elected by the Majority of the Burgesses who had a Right to vote; but the pretended Bailiffs, by such irregular Practices, made such Return as aforesaid: Arid praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Burgesses of Denbeigh and Ruthin was read; setting forth, That the Vill of Holt being no Corporation, nor having any Power to make foreign Burgesses; yet they have of late made great Numbers, designing

Ludlow

Election.

Wotton

Bassett

Election.

New Town* Election.

Rygate

Election.

Denbeigh

Election.

Ditto.

Tavistock

Election.

Aldbmugh

Election.

Coventry

Election.

The King’s Speech to I considered.

Address to the King.

i W. &M. 6° — 8° Octobris. 429

signing thereby to outnumber the aforesaid Botoughs, to their manifest Injuries; purely to serve the Turns of some Persons designing to be elected: and they, so unduly admitted Burgesses by Combination with and Robert Knmvles, arrogating to themselves the Power of polling Electors, did also admit great Numbers of unqualified Voices for Edward Brereton, Esquire, against Wm. Williams; and have made a Return thereupon, al-

though the said Mr. Williams was duly elected by the Majority of rightful Burgesses, and ought to have been returned accordingly: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Ambrose Mann Esquire, was read;

setting forth, That the Eighth of March last was the Election for the Borough of Tavistock; whereat the Petitioner was duly elected by the Majority of legal Voters, and an Indenture, by them executed, for his Return; and tendered unto David Sajea the Portreve: But he absolutely refused to make the said Return; and hath taken upon him to return Sir Fran. , Baronet, who was

not duly elected, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Edxv. Turner was read; setting forth. That he was duly elected for the Borough of Aldbrough in Com. Suffolke, by the Majority of legal Voters; and ought to have been returned with Sir Johnson: But the Bailiff hath made a Return of Wm. Johnson, Esquire, with Sir Henry, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein,. to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Gery, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That on the Eleventh of March, last, the Petitioner, with Rich. Hopkins, and John Stratford, stood Candidates at the Election for Citizens for Coventry; where the Petitioner polled several Hundreds; and had many Hundreds of Voters more to poll, had he been admitted thereto: But was denied the same by the Sheriffs of that City; who carried themselves with great Partiality for the other Candidates; and hath illegally returned them, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, take into Consideration his Majesty’s gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad-

dress of Thanks be presented to his Majesty, for his going into Ireland, and hazarding his Royal Person for the Reducing thereof; and congratulating his Success, and happy Return.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare the said Address.

And it is referred unto S\rTho. Clarges, rick, Lord Falkland, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Windham, Mr. Finch, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir John Lmother, Lord Castleton, Mr. Montague, Colonel Austin, Sir Wm. Cooke, Sir Rich. You X.

Temple; or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, to assure his Majesty in the said Address, That this House will assist and support his Majesty, and his Government, to the utmost of their Power.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- Address to dress be presented to her Majesty, acknowledging her the Queen, gracious government during the Absence of his Majesty; and returning the humble Thanks of this House for die same.

Resolved, That it be referred to the same Committee, to prepare the said Address: Also

Ordered, That the Votes of the House be printed, Printing the being first perused by Mr. Speaker: And that no Person Yoles* do presume to print die same; but such as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker.

Resolved, That the House be called over on Monday Call of the Morning next. House.

And then the House, upon the Question, adjourned until Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8* die Octobris',

2° Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

A PETIT I ON of the Magistrates of Tregony was Tregonj read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, with the Election. Majority of other legal Voters, did duly elect Poole,

Esquire, to be one of their Burgesses, notwithstanding the Mayor hath returned Two other Gentlemen, whereby he hath done Wrong to the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine die Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Wm. Twysden, Baronet, was read; NewRumney setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected one of Election, the Barons for the Port of New Rtemney; notwithstanding which, the late Mayor returned Sir Cha. Sidley, Baronet, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Henry Lord Colraine, in the Kingdom of Wilts Ireland, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was Ek*1*011-duly elected Knight of die Shire for the County of Wilts, by the Majority of the qualified Freeholders of the said'

County: But that, by many the undue Practices of Sir James Edghill, Under Sheriff, and Mr. Sandsbury, County Clerk, in polling many unqualified Persons, and by diver* undue Adjournments and Partialities, unjustly by them used, the UnderSheriff hath illegally declared the Election against the Petitioner: And that, the Premises considered, the Petitioner prayed the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee ap- Addresses. pointed to prepare the several Addresses to be presented to their Majesties, That they had prepared the same accordingly: The which he severally read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again severally read the First time; and are as followeth; viz.

5 Q May

Trial, for

Treasop.

The King*.

Speech considered.

43

Octobris,

A, 1690.

May it please Your Majesty,

WE Your Majesty’s most Dutiful and Loyal Subjects the Commons, assembled in Parliament* do beg Leave humbly to represent to Your Majesty, the grateful Sense we have of that unparalleled Goodness arid tender Affection to Your People; which, for the rescuing Your kingdom of Ireland from a tyrannous and foreign Yoke, and easing Y our Subjects of this Kingdom of the excessive Charge of a lingering War, did induce You to undertake a hazardous Voyage, and too freely to expose to all the Dangers of War that invaluable Life, upon which the whole Protestant Interest, and the common Liberty of Europe, does so much depend. It is, next under God, to Your Conduct and Example, that we must ascribe the Success of the Expedition; and to which we must owe our Hopes of the speedy and entire Reduction of that Kingdom, and of seeing ourselves in a Condition to make Your Enemies sensible of the Strength and Power of England, under a King, who knows and pursues its Interest. We do, from the Bottom of our Hearts congratulate Your Majesty’s Success, and Your Return to Your People; who are unanimously persuaded, That their Peace, Security, and Happiness, are bound up in Your Safety: And we do, in the Name of all the Commons of England, assure Your Majesty, That we will be ever ready to assist Your Majesty, to the utmost of our Power; and, as the best and truest Way of expressing our Gratitude, will endeavour effectually to support Your Government against all Your Enemies,

May it please Your Majesty,

WE Your Majesty’s most Dutiful and Loyal Subjects the Commons, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beg Leave to express the deep Sense we have of that Goodness, Wisdom, and Courage, which Your Majesty did manifest in the greatest Difficulties, and most pressing Dangers, during his Majesty’s Absence, at a Time when a powerful Enemy was upon our Coast; when the Nation was weakened in that Part, which is its proper Strength; and deprived of the Security of his Majesty’s Presence: The Resolution Your Majesty shewed in Your Administration, gave Life to Your Subjects, and made them exert a Strength and Force, unknowri to former Reigns: And Your Zeal for the Publick, encouraged them to shew such Chearfulness in their Duty, as disappointed the Hopes and Designs of all the open and secret Enemies of the Government: The grateful Remembrance of this (which renews the Memory of our most happy Times) will for ever remain in the Hearts of Your People; and can never fail to be expressed in all Instances of Loyalty and Obedience from us, and all the Commons of England.

And Mr. Speaker read his Majesty’s Speech to the Mouse.

And a Motion being made for a Supply to be given to Supply, their Majesties;

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrow- Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

Ordered, That the Publick Accompts be brought in, Publick and laid before the House Tomorrow Morning. - Accompu.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of Sute of the his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do move Wur* his Majesty, that a State of the War for the Year ensuing may be laid before this House Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jaw's, 9* die Octobris;

2® Gulielmi el Marias.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Sir Anthony Abdy, and Sir Eliah Essex Hervey, was read; setting forth, That the Peti- Election, tioners were duly elected Knights of the Shire for Essex, by the Majority of legal Freeholders, if they had been duly entered in the Poll; and divers others would have voted, if they might have so done, and had not been surprised by the sudden Closing of the Poll: notwithstanding which, the Shriff, by Combination with Mildmay, Esquire, and Sir Fran. Baronet,.

as duly elected for the said County: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Nicholas, Knight of the Bath, wiltoa was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, with Tho. Election Windham, Esquire, were duly elected for the Borough of Wilton: But that John Toogood, the Mayor, by indirect Practices, hath returned Sir Rich. Gruhbam How, with Mr. Windham, in Injury to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration' of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The First Address, to his Majesty, being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address.

The Second Address, to her Majesty, being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address.

Resolved, That the whole House do attend their Majesties with the said Addresses.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do attend their Majesties, to know their Pleasures, When they will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate Tryals in Cases of Treason: And it is recommended to Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Win. Whitlock, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rob. Clayton, or any Two of them, to prepare the same.

Then the Order of Monday last, for taking into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament this Day, was read.

A Petition of several of the Freeholders of the County of Berks, was read; setting forth, That on the Twenty- Election, fourth of February last, Montague Lord Norris, and Sir Hum. Foi'ster, were duly elected by the Majority of qualified Freeholders, to be Knights of the Shire for the County of Berks: But that the Sheriff, in wrong to the Petitioner, hadi returned the said Sir Hum. Forster, and Sir Hen. Winchcombe, as duly elected: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edmund Prideaux, Esquire, was re ad; set- pri()eauv.9 ting forth, That the Petitioner on the 19th Day of claim n ruary 1685, was seized by a Warrant from 1 lie Lord Sun- Lord Jestryesi derland, and kept in custody; but could not know his Crime,' of be examined; but on the Fourteenth September following, was sent close Prisoner the 'Forcer, for High Treason; , during which his Imprisonment, a general Inquiry was made by the Lord Jeffryes, and his Agents, amongst tho condemned Prisoners in the West, for an Accusation against the Petitioner: But although none could be found,

20 and

Their Majesties appoint to be attended.

Army

Estimate.

2 W. & M.

9 Octobris.

4S*

and notwithstanding the Petitioners Innocence, the said Lord Jeff ryes frequently gave out his Threats, That he would hang the Petitioner; the late King as he said,

having given the Petitioner over to him: Whereupon, all other Ways being shut up, the Petitioner's Wife was forced to apply herself to the Lord Jeff ryes, and was denied by him to see the Petitioner, till she had contracted with him to lay dow n Fifteen thousand Pounds for the Petitioner’s Life; and the Petitioner, by his Hardships in the Imprisonment forced to confirm his Wife’s Contract, signed Bonds, in the Tower, for Payment of the said Fifteen thousand Pounds; and accordingly* paid the same in Three Days; for the which the Petitioner still pays Interest, to the great Damage of his Fortune: And praying the Consideration of the House in such the Petitioner’s great Oppression; and that Leave may be given for the bringing in a Bill to make the said Lord Estate liable to

the Restitution of the Fifteen thousand Pounds so wrongfully extorted from the Petitioner.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain acquainted the House, That he having waited upon his Majesty, to know. When he would please to be attended by this House; his Majesty had appointed this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

The Lord M arquis of Winchester acquainted the House, That he having attended her Majesty, to know'. When she would be pleased to be attended by this House; her Majesty had appointed this Afternoon after Four of the Clock, in her Withdrawing Room at Whitehall.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain also acquainted the House, That he had, according to their Order, moved his Majesty, That a State of the War for the Year ensuing might be laid before the House: And that his Majesty had ordered the Lord Ranelagh, Paymaster of the Army, to give the House a List of the Land Forces; and also the Commissioners of the Admiralty an Estimate as to the Navy; and also the Officers of the Ordnance, as to what relates to their Office.

Accordingly the Lord Ranelagh acquainted the House, That he had, by his Majesty’s Order, prepared a List, or State of the Land Forces for the next Year ready: And that his Majesty had declared, That no more thereof Should be used within his own Dominions, than w'ere absolutely necessary; and that, besides what the said State amounted unto, the Army w-as in Arrear Eight hundred thousand Pounds: And he delivered the said State or List in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A LIST of what Forces his Majesty thinks necessary to maintain the next Year;

' ' Horse.

Dutch Troop of Guards Regiment of Guards Monpovillan’s Sgravenmoer’s " Ginckell’s f -Van Oyens Zuylesteyn’s - -

Schaqks Nievenhuise’s Bortcom’s

Reiddessells -' -

Troop* and Cuiupanic*.

Number.

i - ip7 -

6 - 480 -3- 213 -

3 -3 -3 -3 -3 -

3 -

3 -3 -

213 -

213 -

213 -213 -

213 -

213 -213 -213 -

Pay per A*n.

£>, * 16,126

50,05' 13-078 13-078 13-078.

13.078

13.078 13*078 13-078

13.078 13-078

d.

4

8

18

18

18

18

18

18

18

18

18

Total of Horse 144 8,702 605,102 14 2

Dragoons. Royal Regiment Colonel Leveson’s ‘ -Lord Fitzharding’s -Sir Tho. Levingston’s Sir Albert Cunningham’s Colonel Wynne’s

8

6

6

6

8

8

DutchColonel Eppinger’s 1 o

480

360

360

360

480

480

920

20,926

15.999

15.999

15.999

20.707

20.707 32,469

13

3

3

3

13

13

4

4

4

4

4

4

8 —

Total of Dragoons Foot

52 3,440 142,808 8 —

Horse.

Troops and Companies.

Number.

First Troop of Guards - 1 - 260 -

Second Troop of Guard - 1 - 260 -

Third Troop of Guards - 1 - 260 -

Troop of Scotts Guards - 1 - 118 -

Royal Regiment of Horse 9 - 450 -Sir John Lanier’s - - 9 - 450 -

Colonel Villiers - - 6 - 300 -

Lord Colchester - - 6 - 300 -

Colonel Russell’s - - 6 - 300 -

Colonel Godfrey’s - - 6 - 300 -

Colonel Coyes - - 6 - 300 -

Colonel Langston’s - . - 6 - 300 -

Colonel Bverlye’s - 6 - 300 -

Count Schomberg’s - - 6 - 300 -

French Regiment - 9 - 450 -

Colonel Wolesl^’s - - 12 - 600 -

Mr. Harbord’s Troop - 1 - 50 -

Danes: Baron Juell’s - 6 -270 -

Colonel Donep’s - - 6 - 270 -

Colonel Schested’s - - 6 - 270 -

Vo L. X.

ptr

21,921

21,985

21,921

9-687

30,133

30.398

20.634

20.634 20,634 20,634

20.634

20.634 20,634 20,634

30.398

40,207

3,254

22,076

22,076

22,076

Ann.

s, d. 5 10 3 4 5 10

14 2

15 10 8 4

13

13

13

13

13

13

13

13

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

8 4 15 10

8 4 8 4 8 4

First Regiment of Guards .28 Second Regiment of Guards 14 Regiment of SgoUs- G uards 14 Royal Regiment - - 26

Major General Kirk's - 13

Colonel Churchill’s - *13

Colonel Trelavvnye’s -.13 Regiment of Fuslleers - 13 Colonel Beaumont’s - . - 13

Colonel Stewart’s - - 13

Sir John Hanmor’s - - 13

Earl of Bath’s - - 13

Colonel Brewer’s - 13

Colonel Hasting’s - - 13

Colonel Beveridge’s - - 13

Sir James Leslye’s - - 13

Colonel Hales’s - - 13

Colonel O’Farrell’s - - 13

Sir David Coljear’s - -13.

Colonel Fitzpatrick’s - 13 Colonel Hodges’s - - 13

Earl of Monmouth’s -13 Colonel Luttrell’s - - 13

Colonel Foulke’s - - 13

Colonel Gust. Hamilton’s - 13 Sir George St. George’s - 13 Earl of Levin’s - - 13

Duke of Bolton’s Hampsh. 13 Duke of Bolton’s North -12

Earl of Meath’s - - 13

Lord Castleton’s - - 13

Colonel Herbert’s . - -13

Lieut. General Douglas’s - 13 Lord Lisbourn’s - -13

Colonel Dering’s - - 13

Earl of Drogheda’s - - 13

Colonel Erie’s - - 13

Colonel La Melonier’s - 13 Colonel Du Cambou’s - 13 Colonel Bellcastle’s - - 13

Colonel Tiffin’s - - 13

Colonel Hamilton's - - .13

Colonel St. John’s - -13

Colonel Mitchellburne’s - 13 Earl of Angus’s - - 13

Earl of Argyle’s - - 13

Lord Strathnaver’s - - 13

Colonel Cunningham’s - 13

-2,240 --1,120 --1,120 --1,560 -

- 78O -

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 78O -

- 78O -

- 780 -

- 78O -

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780

- 780 -

- 720 - 780 -- 780 -- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780 -- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780

- 78Q

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 780 -

- 78O -

- 780 -

- 78O -

- 780 -

48,030

24,372

20,966

31,7*2

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

19 2 17 6

6,1

6,

6,

6,

6,

6,

45 145 145 145 145 145 >,145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

4,968

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

4

8

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

2

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

3 4 3 4

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

Foot

4$

p® Octohris.

Foot

Companies Number.

- 50

- 50

- 60 -120

r»y 1

863

1,733

1,195

2,354

Vpnor Company Company of Miners Company of Fusiliers New Yorke Companies -Company in the Leeward") 1 177

Islands - - -J *" ’ '

Danes Battalion of Guards 7 - 7 00 14,207

Queen’s Battalion - - 6 - 600 12,288

Prince Frederick’s Battalion 6 - 600 - 12,288

Prince Christian’s Battalion 6 - 600 - 12,142

Prince George's Battalion - 5 5°° " ,10,095

The Zealand Battalion - 6 - 600 - 12,142

The Jutland Battalion - 6 - 600 - 11,978

The Tunish Battalion - 6 - 600 - 11,978

Dutch Regiment of Guards 27-2,634 - 56,851 Col. Babington’s Regiment 12 - 840 - 15,°97 Colonel Lloyd’s - - 12 - 840 - 15,°97

Colonel Cutz’s - - 12 - 840 - 15,°97

Count Nassaw’s - - 12 - 840 - 15» 171

Prince of Brandenburgh’s 12 - 840 - 15,17* Colonel Groven’s - - 12 - 840 - 15,171

Major General Mackay’s - 12-1,200 - 19,933 Colonel Lander’s - - 12-1,200 - 19,933

Colonel Ramsey’s - - 12-1,200 - 19,933

In«.

s. d.

16 8

15 — 7 6 5 —

2 6

Ordinary Charge of the Navy Building Three Third-rate Ships,1 Eight Fireships, Eight Ketches, > and a Dock at Plymouth, -J

A \ 1690.

£ s.

100,000-----

\ 7

88,008 11 6

Total

<£* 1,791*695 1 6

12

6

6

6

6

8

8

8

5 10

6 8

1 8

1

13

8

6

8 — 8 — 8 —

Public

Accompts.

Commissioners of Accompts.

Navy

Estimate.

Total of Foot 855 57*494 1*162*648 14 2

Total of Horse, Dra-1 , cnc.na,

goons, and Foot -) W 910.560 7 -

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said State be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of a Motion for a Supply to be given to their Majesties.

Also Mr. Vice Chamberlain acquainted the House, That he had a Book of the publick Accompts, and a fair Transcript, in Part, thereof, to present to the House: And be delivered the same in also at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Books be also referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be given to their Majesties.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury be desired to bring in an Abstract of the said Accompts.

Ordered, That the Two Books of the Publick Accompts, this Day delivered into this House by Mr. Vice Chamberlain, be re-delivered to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, as they shall have Occasion, to prepare and make an Abstract thereof, for the Service of this House; they returning the said Books again to this House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for the examining and taking the publick Accompts: And it is recommended to Sir fVm. Whitlock to prepare and bring in the same.

Then Sir Thomas Lee, one of the Commissioners of the Admiralty, acquainted the House, That he had, by his Majesty’s Order, an Estimate of the Navy for the Year ensuing, including the Ordnance, to present to the House: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

An ESTIMATE for the Charge of the Navy for the Year 1691, and building some Ships; in which the Ordnance is concluded.

Men, Months,

Summer Fleet - - - 28,710 for 8

Winter Fleet - - 51,150 - - 5

Convoys and Cruisers, being,")

for various Months, re-> 7,°7i >3

duced to - - -J

Which, being reduced to Thirteen ~i Months, amounts to Twenty- I nine thousand and Twenty-six,) 1,603,686. 10. Men for that Time; and, in I Money, to - -J

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate be referred to the Committee of the whole House; who are to Consider of the Motion for a Supply to be given to their Majesties.

Sir Thomas Littleton acquainted the House, That he Ordnance had an Accompt from the Office of the Ordnance to pre- Estimate, sent to the House: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Lieutenant General, and the rest of the Principal Officers of their Majesties Ordnance, humbly lay before this honourable House, pursuant to Order, That they have delivered in a State of all Monies whatsoever received and issued by the Office of Ordnance, from January 1688, to Midsummer last, to the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of their Majesties Treasury; and likewise an Account of the Value of Stores brought in and issued during the said Time.

They now demand for the ensuing Year (which, by reason of the State of the War is not yet adjusted, can be no otherwise estimated than in gross) One Eighth Part of the whole Charge of the Navy, and One Fifth Part of the Army to be allowed, for the Charge the Office of Ordnance must be at in relation to the said Service.

H. Goodricke, Tho. Littleton, C.

Then the House, according to the Order of Yesterday, Supply, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be given to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed -the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee of the whole House, That they, having taken the Matter to them referred into Consideration, had come to a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be given to their Majesties for the intire Reducing of Ireland, and securing the Peace of this Kingdom, and carrying on a vigorous War against France.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree.with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be given to their Majesties for the intire Reducing of Ireland, and securing the Peace of this Kingdom, and carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House,

That they might have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Supply to be given to their Majesties.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of th^ Supply to their Majesties.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

s. d.

1H E House met, in order to attend their Majesties: Hmita attend

their Majes-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow t,e*1 Morning, Nine of the Clock.

-Answer to Address.

Queen's Answer to Address.

Dr. Hickman to preach on Thanksgiving Day.

Trials for Treason.

Bullion.

Bigg's

Estate.

Westminster, -dec. Paving,

Southwark e Court of Conscience.

Tower Hamlets Court of Conscience.

a W. & M. 10° QctobAs. 4$ 3

Veneris, 10* di Octobris; 2* Gulielmi et Marian

MR. Speaker reports, That he, with the House, had attended his Majesty Yesterday with their Address: And that his Majesty was pleased to answer to this Effect; viz. " All Addresses from the House of Commons are agreeable to Me, especially such as express such a Respect and Affection to My Person as this docs:

I shall always pursue the Good and Interest of the Nation." And concluded graciously with his Thanks to the Gentlemen of the House of Commons.

Mr. Speaker also reports, That he, with the House, had attended her Majesty Yesterday with their Address: And that she was pleased to answer.

" I thank you, Gentlemen, for your Address; and I am very glad, that I have done any thing to your Satisfaction."

Ordered, That Dr. Hickman be desired to preach before this House at St. Margaret t', , upon

the Day appointed for the Thanksgiving: And that Mr. John Gray and Mr. Burdet do acquaint him therewith.

Sir Wm. Whitlock reports, That the Persons appointed to prepare a Bill for the Regulating of Tryals in Cases of Treason, had prepared the same accordingly: Which he presented to the House: And the same was received.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to discourage the Exportation of Bullion, and encourage the Importation of it, and converting it into the Coin of this Realm.

A Petition of David Bigg, of Win the County of Bucks, Gentleman, was read; setting forth, That, upon the Petitioner’s Marriage, several Houses and Lands in St. Giles's in the County of Middlesex were settled by the Petitioner to the Uses following; viz. to the Petitioner for Life; and after, to Mary his Wife for Life, for her Jointure; and after, to the Issue of such Marriage; and ip Default, to the right Heirs of the Petitioner for ever: And that the Petitioner and his Family now reside, and are settled, in the County of Berks; whereby the Petitioner is at great Charge in looking after the Premises, and cannot improve the same to such Advantage, as if the same lay near the Place of his Abode; and besides, the said Premises being in Houses, are subject to Casualty, which Lands are not: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for selling the Premises; and that the Money arising by the Sale may be laid out in the Purchasing of other Lands of Inheritance, in the Counties of Berks, Oxon, or Bucks, to be settled to the same Uses above-mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the paving and cleansing the Streets within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the Out Parishes in the County of Middlesex, and Borough of Southwark, and other Places within the weekly Bills of Mortality; and for regulating the Hay Market of Charing Crosse, in the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to erect a Court of Conscience for the Borough of warke, and other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to erect a Court of Conscience for the Tower Hamlets, and Hoi* bourn and Finsbury Divisions,

Vo l.X.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Reducing the Reducing of Interest of Money from Six Pounds to Interest. Four Pounds per Cent, per Aim.: And it is recommended to Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Math. Andrewes, and Mr, Papillion, do prepare the same;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Rendering and bring in a Bill for the better regulating and making the Militia of the Kingdom more useful. use u 1

And it is referred to Sir Rob. Davers, Sir Rob.

Colonel Sackvile, Colonel Norton, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Andrew St. John, Mr. Cary, Mr Sir Tho.

Clarges, Mr. GoldwelL, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir Wm. Pritchard, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Bickerstaffe,

Mr. Price, Sir James Long, Lord Commissioner Hutchins,

Lord Digby, Sir John Knatchbull, Mr. Vincent, Sir Bloys, Mr. Hcnotry, Mr. Palmes, Sir Hen. Gough, Sir Rich. Standish, Lord Falkland, Mr. Kenyon, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Sam. Bemadiston, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Pitts, Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Robinson, Lord Wm. Pawlett, Mr. Arnold, Mr. England; or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of Supply: the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.-

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Consideration of the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Resolution: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followethviz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Estimate of the Charge of the Navy, to be set out for the Year 1691, including the Ordnance, and for the Building the new Ships therein mentioned, and a Dock at Plymouth, as the same is delivered to the House by the Commissioners of the Admiralty, is reasonable:

And that a Sum not exceeding the Sum of One Million Seven hundred Ninety-one thousand Six hundred and Ninety-five Pounds be raised for that Purpose, as Part of the Supply to be given to their Majesties: And that the said Sum be appropriated to the said Uses.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Navy to be set out for the Year 1691, including the Ordnance, and for the building the new Ships therein mentioned, and a Dock at Plymouth, as the same is delivered to the House by the Commissioners of the Admiralty, is reasonable: And that a Sum not exceeding the Sum of One Million Seven hundred Ninety-one thousand Six hundred and Ninety-five Pounds be raised for that Purpose, as Part of the Supply to be given to their Majesties; and that the said Sura be appropriated to the said Uses.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That the Committee may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the . Supply to their Majesties.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to Majesties.

Arid thea the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

5R

Wentworth's

Estate.

Bramber . Election.

Sonthwarke

Election.

Recovery of Tythes.

Commissioners of Accounts.

Bullion.

434

11° Octobris. A. 1690.

Sabbati, 11* di Octobris; 2* Gulielmi Alarisc.

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of Susannah on Behalf

of John IVcnlxcorihher Son, an Infant under the

Age of Twenty-one Years, M as read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, the Infant, is seized of some Lauds in Morland in Com Westmorland, of about Seventy-four Pounds per Annum, which lieth adjoining to the Park of the Right honourable Sir John and which has

been much annoyed by his Deer, and several Suits may happen in relation thereunto; for the Avoiding whereof, the Petitioners have agreed with Sir John Lend her for Sale of the said Estate, he having bought other Part of the Petitioner's Estate, lying in Hutton of Fifty-

three Pounds per Annum: And that the said Premises lie about Sixty Miles from the Petitioner’s other Estate: And for that, by reason of the Petitioner's Infancy, he cannot make a good Conveyance of the Premises, and praying Leave to bring in a Bill to vest the same in Trustees to be sold; and they to apply the Monies arising thereby for the Purchase of other Lands to the same Uses the Premises now are.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Petition of Wm.Stringer, Esquire, Mas read; setting forth, That on the Fourth of March last, the Petitioner, Dr. Barbon, and Dr. stood Candidates

at the Election for Bramber in the County of But that Dr. Barbon and Rat by undue Practices, procured themselves to be returned, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Mho are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Peter Rich and Sir Thomas Coolce was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, with Anth. Boxcyer, and John Arnold, Esquires, stood Candidates for the Borough of Southicarkc, at the last Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament; where the Petitioners consented to all Methods they had proposed, upon Confidence it w ould produce a peaceable Poll: But, on the contrary, so many ill Practices w’ere made use of by one of the other Candidates, and his Agents, against the Petitioners, and those that voted for them, that some Hundreds went away, and remain unpolled, in Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report their Opinions therein to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes.

And it is referred to Mr. Christy, Mr. Gxcyn, Sir Tho. J.ee, Mr. Serjeant Mountague, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir

Cha. Porter, Mr. Biddu/ph, Mr. Mr.

Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Burdelt, Mr.

Chelnyn, or any Three of them, to prepare the same.

Ordered, That Sir Geo.Hutchins, Mr. P. Foley, Sir Clarges, Sir 6 am. Bernadislon, Lord Falkland, Mr. Arnold,

Sir Tho.Lee, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Jos. Williamson,

be added to Sir Wm.Whitlock, to prepare and bring in the

Bill for the examining and taking the publick Accompts: And it is referred to them, or any Three of them.

Air. Neale presented to the House a Bill to discourage the Exportation of Bullion, and to encourage the Importation thereof, and converting the same into the Coin of this Realm: And it was received.

Air. Bowyer also presented to the House a Bill for erect- Southwarke ing a Court of Conscience for the Borough of Court of

and other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality in Conscience, the County of Surrey: And the same was received.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider Aulnage of the Abuses in collecting the Duty of Aulnage, and of Uuth a better Way for collecting the same; and also to consider of a Compensation to the Crown; and to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred unto Air. Bockenham, Mr.

Sir John Key, Sir Rob. Davers, Air Air. Blow-

Jeild, Air Clarke, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Mr. Faxvlies, Sir

Rob. Cotton, Mr. Papillion, Mr. May, Mr. Ryder, Sir Phillip Skippon, Mr. Bickcrstaffe, Sir Ralph Dutton,

Lord Ranelagh, Sir Jos. Williamson, Mr. Henley, Air.

Go/dxcell, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Glemham, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir John Bancks, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Bedding-Jeild, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Cha. Gerard, Mr. Foley,

Air. Foote Onslow, Sir Hen.Capell, Sir John JHan-xvareing. Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Cha. Air.

Kenyon, Sir Walter Young, Sir Turner, Sir Tho.

Littleton, Sir Fran.Guibon, Mr. Stater, Mr. Chadwick,

Air. Ash, Mr. Cary, Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr. Christy,

Sir John Guise, Mr. Herat ry, Mr. Cooke, Air.

Air. Haxctry: And all that come are to have Voices:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Thomas Littleton acquainted the House, That he Ordnance had several States and Accompts relating to the Office of Accompt*. Ordnance, to lay before them: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: W here the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Office of Ordnance.

Accompt of both Stores and Aloney, from the i° Janu-arii1688, to 30* June 1690, shewing the Debt of the said Office the 1st of January 1088; what Debts contracted from that Time to the 30th of June 1690, for Stores and other Services; what thereof paid; and the Debt remaining 30th June 1690; together with the Value of Stores, Primo Ja 1688, and 30th June 1690, with the Decrease of Stores in ditto time; what Aioney remained in Cash i° Januarii 1688; what received and paid from that time to the 30th of June 1690; and what then remained in Cash; the Increase of the Debt of the Office, and the total Charge of the same, from the said i° Januarii 1688, to the 30th of June 1690.

Debt owing by the Office of Ordnance,-] £. s. d.

Jan. 1st, 1688, exclusive the old > 64,176 19

Debt -J

Debt further contracted from that Time to 30th June 1690;

For new Stores received (including") Salt-petre), and repairing old Stores/

For several Works and Fortifications," Land and Water Carriage; Hire of Vessels forth & Irish Expedition; for buying Horses and Provender; including Four thousand One hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Nine Shillings, Bills of Exchange drawn by his Grace Duk eSchonberge, payable to

sundry Alerclaants, for the Value received in Ireland for the Service of their Majesties Train there For Salaries, Allowances, and Wages,] Disbursements, and divers incident

Together is

Whereof

Paid from \° Januarii 1688, to 30th June 1690

3*8,519 »5 7f

) 48,247 2 10

Charges within the said Time

37,782 5 —

- 468,726 v 3 2

-I

299,810 19 8

Rest - - 168,915 3 6i Against

aW.tfM.

i-i* Octob

43 5

s.

67,653 10

13 8 11

Against which,

June the 30th, 1690, remained in Cash-!

to be paid ... -J_

The Debt then remaining due from] 0g1

the said Office - - - -J

the ValueofStores, Januariithei*1688 853,847 The Value of Stores, June the 30th') g

1C90.....J __________

tores decreased in ditto Time - 223,140 16

To which being added the Value of|

new Stores received, and old Stores > 318,519 15 repaired within the said Time, beingj The Charge of Stores in ditto Time Whereunto, being further added for Fortifications, Land and Water-Carriage, Mire of Vessels, buying Horses’ Provender, Salaries, Allowances, and sundry incident Charges and Disbursements

d.

4

2i

to

7*

541,660 12 5$

86,029 7 10

Remaining in Cash, i° Januarii 1688 Received froth that Time to the 30th of June 1690, both upon the Exchequer Accompt and voluntary

Charge

j-627,600 — 3*

3,437 17 54

>364,026 12

367,464 10 —

Together is Paid within the said Time for new Stores received, and repairing old, and for Works and Fortifications,

Land and Water Carriage, Hire ^299,810 19 8

of Vessels, buying Horses; and for Salaries and Allowances, and divers incident Charges

Remaining in Cash, 30th of 1690, to be paid Remaining in Cash,"I C Jan. 1688 J

Received from that]

Day to30th June\364,026 12

1690 - -J-----

Together is -367,464 10 Rest in Cash the]

30th June 1690 J Paid in ditto time

3,437 17 5 k

64

JU'^ 67,653

10 4

67,653 10 4

299,810 19 8

64,176 19

13

8

11

9t

2|

Air ACCOUNT of the Debts due and owing in the Ordnanc* Office of their Majesties Ordnance to several Artificers Accompw. and others, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the last of September 1690: viz.

rChristmas Quarter Debt 1688 March Quarter Debt 16S9 June Quarter Debt 1689 S* )September Quarter Debt 1689 ' December Quarter Debt 1689 March Quarter Debt 1690 June Quarter Debt i6qo

v

3

Q

There is likewise due for Freights of the several Vessels taken up for their Majesties Service in Ireland As also by P>ills drawn upon this Office' by his Grace the late Duke of bchombergh, for Monies paid his Grace there -

Besides which there are several Personsj

37,084 13 5\

-223,140 16 10 \ 67,653 10 4

3*

£. S. d.

3,053 ’9 nf

3,744 11 6f

- 12,564 5 7i

- 11,052 16 4

- 6,148 10 Ai

- 18,033 2 4f

- 34,483 16 l*

- 65,670 2 3

154,751 4 3i

> 22,076 1 10

’ 4,139 9 —

180,966 15 if

| 28,313 14 IO

be brought in, to the Value of

Errors excepted.

H. Goodrich, John Charlton, Tho. Littleton, T.

C. Musgraxe,/Cm. Boulter.

ACCOUNT of all Monies received and paid by the honourable Charles Bertie, Esquire, Treasurer and Paymaster to their Majesties Office of the Ordnance for their Majesties Service in that Office, from the 1 °Januarii 168-f to the 30th of June 1690; as followeth;

Treasurer of the Ordnance Debtor £. s. d. To Balance of Cash, the i° Januarii 168-f- 3,437 17 5»

To Money received out of their Majesties Exchequer, from l® Januarii 168 ®- to 33th June 1690;

For the ordinary Land and Sea Service 64,000-----

Debt of the Office,] i° Jan. 1688 -J Debt of the Office, j r

30th,690 } ,0,'26t Debt increased in ditto time Value of Stores, i*] o , c Januarii 1688 -/

Value of Stores, j r________r

30th J,m 1690 jC3o, 706

Stores decreased in ditto time -To which being added the Money in Cash the 30th June 1690, remaining to be paid -J__________

Total Charge of the Office, from the]

said l° Jan. 1688, to the 30th >627,690

June 1690 ... J _______

Memorandum: That the Decrease of Stores, and the Charge of new Stores, from the last of December 1688 to the 30th of June 1690, amounting together to Five hundred Forty-one thousand Six hundred Sixty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Five-pence Half-peny, proceeds from the great Issues that have been made to Ireland, Scotland, the several Plantations,-and the Fleet; a considerable Part of which may be returned against the End of the Service.

Memorandum: That the Six hundred Thirty thousand Seven hundred Six PoundsEleven Shillings andFour-pence, said to be the Value of Stores at the 30th/?r;ici 690, chiefly consists of Ordnance and Ammunition, now remaining in, and absolutely necessary for the Defence of their Majesties Forts, Castles, and Garrisons. — Errors excepted.

T.Gardiner, II.Goodrich, John Chark ton,

Tho. Littleton, Win. Bo.

Vol. X.

For their Majesties Service in Ireland; For the Train of Artillery, and for] Supply of Stores, and for buying j-I lories For Freight For Tents - For Swords -

For Ammunition Carts -

For Monsieur Goullon -

For new Fire Arms -

For Stores and Store-houses For Ship Carriages For Salt-petre -

For buying Copper - For Carriage and Stores of Powder - For the Works and Fortifications at Hull -

Portsmouth -

Medway River -

Isle of Wight - -

Barwick -To Tallies received out of their Majesties Exchequer within ditto Time. ffor sundry Artificers in] Satisfaction of Money > due to them - -J For Salt-petre bought ofj

viz.

49,800-----

1.000 -

1.000 -

1,050-----

781 16 —

400-----

19,200-----

17.327 9 9

2.000 — —

22,500-----

1.000 -

400-----

14,485 14

998 18

7 f

1,000

9°o —

600 —

On the 2 s.Act

On the Customs.

East India Company For the ordinary Service! of the Office - -J To Money received within the said] Time on the voluntary Charge, as ] per Account

2f

Ilf

Th«

Oitinance

Aroompti.

1 J° Octobris* A. i6po.

3,437 17

The Balance, as1} abovesaid - f The Exchequer! lg

51

7

208,708 15 2

Charge - J

nc^naiy.j ».

Total 367,464 to

Per Contra Creditor.

By Money paid from the 1 168$, to the 30th June 1690;

To sundry Artificers, 8$c. per Deben-' tures and per Orders of the Board, for the respective Services as per contra; and for divers Stores and Provisions of War delivered for their MajestiesService, and other Services performed within the said Time; also for Exchequer Fees, Auditors.Fees, and other incident Charges and Allowances as per Accompt, wherein is fully expressed the several Persons Karnes, Days of Payment, particular Services, and upon what List:

In all, amounting to -

To several Persons upon Bills of Imprest for ditto Services, as per Accompt, expressing the respective Men’s Names, particular Services, and the Days of Payment: In all, amount to t

To divers Officers, Clerks, Labourers;"

Gunners, Fireworkers, Bombardiers,

Petardiers, <$’C. borpe on the Quarter Books of the said Office, their'

Salaries and Allowance within the said Time, as per Accompt of Particulars: In alJ, amounting to

74,498 — 71

) 16,604 3

Whereof In Tallies remaining in the j on the Accomptants Hands, not 2 s. Act, disposed of 30th June 1690

In Money -

Cha. Bertie.

290,810 ’9 8

- 67,653 10 4

367.464 10 —

1 26,340 17 HI

} 39.°oo — —

- 2,312 12 4*

£ 67,653 10 4

Office of Ordnance, 10 Oct. 1691. An Account of Vessels taken up for their Majesties Service by the Office of the Ordnance, for the Transport of the Train of Artillery to Ireland; consisting of Ordnance, Mortars, and other Stores; and likewise Horses for the said Train, with the Tonage of each Vessel, and at what Rate/ier Mensem; computing what is due for the same to the 15th of February last, at which time they were turned over to the Commissioners of Transportation.

For Horses.

The Mary Catt, Joseph Niccolls Master, £. s.

328 Tons f, 12*. per Ton per Mens. - 1,682 7 9I

Desire Catt, James Wright Master, 292

Ton L at 12#. - - - - 1,498 4 —

Hannah Flyboat, Fran.Dickenson, Master,

235 Tons 1, at i2r. - - -1,202 1 6

Adventure Catt, Roger Faucus Master,

249 Ton f, at 12 s. - - - - 1,2-2 9 —

Edward and Anthony Catt, Anth. Hewster

Master, 321 Ton £, at \2s.- - 1,637 2 — Providence Pink, John Robinson Master,

211 Tons, at 12 s.- - - -1,076 2 —

For Stores.

The Olive Branch, Wm. Mountgomery

Master, 56 Tons f, at 14*. - - 329 2 3

Joanna, David Roll Master, 75 Tons,

Bit 1 S " — ,

Brethrens Love, John Reynolds Master,

87 Tons I, at ditto - - -- - 517 14 6

Return Ketch, Andrew Morrice Master,

79 Tons i, at 14#. - - - -455 *3 8

Crowne Pink, Gilb. Maugridge Master,

89 Tons £----- 504 16 1of

Hopewell, Tho. Garrett Master, 127 Tons f, ditto ----- 729 18 9

Speedwell Ketch, Tho. Beach Master, 60

Tons f, at ditto - - - 356 8 —

Tho. and John Pink, Rich. Masters, 147

Tons f, at ditto - - - 881 6 3

Peter Ketch, Nich. Baker Master, 63 Tons 1, at ditto - - - - 379 6 3

Vine Pink, Tho. Ayres Master, 107 Tons

i,at ditto - - - 616189

Olive Tree, John Ellis Master, 43 Tons,

at ditto ----- 241 1 6

Two Brothers, Wm. Allison Master, 65

Tons f, at ditto - - - - 338 9 5

Figg Tree Pink, John Raukin Master,

62 Tons }, at ditto - - - - 353 2 6

Thomas Robert Holmes Master, 64 Tons,

ditto.....351 19 3t

John and Anne, Hugh Dyett Master, 58

Tons f, at ditto - - - - 329 1 3f

Dove, Edward HenshawMaster, 58 Tons

f, ditto - - - - 340 15 —

Thomas and Eliz. Roger Gressingh’ Master, 162 Tons, at ditto - - - 915 6 — -

Mary Ketch, George Beach Master, 82

Tons i,at ditto - 296 12 6

Susan and Eliz. Christopher Howard Master, 108 Tons i, at ditto - - - 606 5 6j

Susannah, Jos. Braple Master, 111 Tons,

at ditto - - - - 618166

Hannah Ketch, Thomas Adams Master,

61 L at 14 per Ton - - - - 339 18 9 ,

Friends Adventure Pink, Henry Olding

Master, 154 Tons I, at ditto - - 858 17 3

Newcastle Merchant, Rob. Fullwood Master, 444 Tons -J-, at ditto - - - 2,465 11 9

Hannah Ketch, Cornelius Brewer Master, 134 Ton, at ditto - - - 770 7 lof

Guift Pink, Benj. Masters Master, 107 Tons f, at 18$. per mens. - - 438 7 6

Happy Return Ketch, Isaac Bridger Master, 61 Tons 4-, at 14 s.- - ‘ 324 12 6

Wm. Ketch, John Hunter Master, 70

Tons, at 14 s. per Ton per mens. - 385-----

Errors excepted. —

Total - - - 23,538 19 up H. Goodricke, Wm. Boulter, C. Charlton,

Th. Gardiner, Th. Littleton.

Office of Ordnance, 10 Oct. 1690. An Estimate of the Charge of the War in the.Office of the Ordnance for Land and Sea Service, for the Year 1691.

Sea Service.

The Charge of re-supplying their Ma- £. «.

jesties Fleet which was at Sea last Summer, with a half Proportion of Gunners Stores - - - -138,164 17 — i

Two Store Ships to attend the Fleet - 20,500---

Freight and Carrying of Stores, with

other incident Charges - - 7,500-----

Ordnance Carriages, and other Stores

for the Ships now in Building - 9,000-----

Ordnance and Carriages to supply what may probably be lost or broken in

an Engagement - - - - 15,000-----

The Charge of providing Twenty thousand Barrels of Powder to recruit the Stores for what will be issued to the Fleet next Summer - 70,000-----

Total - - £.260,164 17 — F

Valuation

2 W. fi* M.

ii° Octobris.

437

Valuation of the Gunners Stores for a Ship of each Rate, which must be increased according to such Numbers as are designed to be added to the Fleet next Year.

s’ d.

For a First Rate - 3,690 14 44-

For a Second - 3,137 11 11

For a Third - 2,578 — 9

For a Fourth -' - 1,908 4 —

For a Fifth - - 1,019 615 4 6

For a Sixth - 5 —

For a Fireship - - 149 Land Service. 4 2

- 46,574 9 — 16,240-----

12,000

>15,612 13 4

Arms for recruiting the Army Ammunition for the Army Tents to supply what are decayed in the last Summer’s Campaign Charge of putting and keeping in Repair their Majesties Forts, Castles, and Garisons, with their Platforms and Carriages thereto belonging; and supplying the Barracks with Beds; and the Expence of Gunners Stores Chargeof providing and having in a Rea- ] diness a spare Train of Artillery and I Mortars, Bombs, Carcases, Shot; with ' 59,000 Waggons, Harness, Working Mate- 1 rials, and all Necessaries for the same J Charge of cleaning and repairing Arms,

Armour, and other Stores Total

The Charge of Sea Service

-J

9,000-----

Together Errors excepted.

H. Goodricke,

£ 158,427 2 4

- 260,164 17 1 T

- 158,427 2 4

/ 418,591 19 4f

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said States and Accompts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply to their Majesties.

A Bill to regulate Tryals in Cases of Treason, was Tryal* for read the Second time. Treason.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House, upon the Debate of the House: And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they leave out the Word " Impeachment," throughout the Bill, and every thing relating to Impeachments.

Ordered, That the House will, upon Monday seven-night next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider further of the Supply to their Majesties.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee,

That they had made some further Progress in the Alatter to them referred: And that they had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again on Monday Alorning next, to consider of the Supply lor the Army.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Alorning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Supply to their Majesties for the Army.

Air. Jepson acquainted the House, That he had (from pubjicl. the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury) the Abstracts Accomptt. which were directed to be made of the publick Accompts:

T. Gardiner, And lie delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

T. Littleton, C. Musgrave, JVm. Boidtier.

The King and Queen’s most Excellent Majesties, Debtors.

To PRINCIPAL AIONIES borrowed by way of Loan upon the Publick Revenue and

5Ih November 1088, and the 27th June 1690; viz.

Of Thomas Fox, Esquire, upon Customs 50,000-----

Of sundry Persons, between 9 May 1690, and 27th June 1690, upon

appropriated Customs, Part of 500,000l. for wfiich Credit was given J- 457,477 16 by Act of Parliament -

Of Cha. Duncomb, Esquire, 10 January 1688, on Excise Of the Earl of Alountague, in December 1689, on ditto -Of Whitfeild Hayter, in Feb. 1689, on ditto - - , -

Of Citizens of London, between the 11 th January 1688, and 22 Mar.l 1688, inclusive, on ditto Revenue - - - - - - - - /

Of Air. Scawen and Air. Cornish, in Alar. 89-90, on ditto -Of Anth. Chrachrode, and other Clothiers then, on ditto - -

Of Sir Hen. Ashurst and Partners, in April 1690, on ditto -Of sundry Persons, between the 25th April 1690, and 6th June 1690! inclusive, on the temporary Excise appropriated - - - J

Taxes, &c. between

£. *. d.

507,477 16 —

20.000 7,000

40.000

185,675

26,458

8,500

25.000

6

1

250,000-----

Of Thomas Hall, Esquire, in November and December 1688, on Hearth Aloney

Of sundry Persons, betw een the 5th November 1688, and 12 April 1619, inclusive, upon the"!

then Register of the Impositions on Linen and Tobacco - - - J

Of Wm. Harbord, Esquire, 15 Alay 1690, on the Revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall -Of Sir Hen. Ashurst and Partners, upon the Impositions and additional Excise appropriated tol pay j6oo,000 Pounds to the States General ----- J

Of several Persons upon the Six Alonths Assessments, called the present Aid -Of several Persons upon the First Poll Aloney -

"Of several Persons upon the First Twelve-pence per Pound, and upon the Vote of Credit fori 300,000 Pounds transferable to the Two Shillings per Pound J

Of several Persons upon the Tw o Shillings per Pound, before the 27th June 1690, and in Parti of the Credit given thereby - -- - J

Of several Persons upon the additional Twelve-pence per Pound, until the said 27th June 1690I in Part of the Credit given thereby - - J

Of several Persons upon the Second Poll before the 27th June 1690 -

Of several Creditors of the Ordnance and Clothiers upon Credit of the Exchequer in general,

562,633 7 3 15,000-----

35,800-----

2,500-----

150,000-----

373,775 13 238,223 9

to be afterwards transferred to the Two Shillings Act -

Vol. X.

767,148 1

323,142 — 5

444,606 13 2

65,000 — — 94,675 1 ii

2

7

3i

£ 3,579,982 2

91

5 S

438

11° Octob

A. 1690*

Publick

Accompts.

By

Per contra Creditors.

so much of the Principal Monies comprehended on the other Side, as hath been repaid between the

5th November 1688, and the 27th June 1690;

To Thomas Fox, Esquire, out of Customs, in Part of 50,000 Pounds To Clm. DuncOmb, Esquire, out of Excise -

To Earl, of Mountague, out of ditto -

To Whitfeild Hayter, out of ditto -

To the Citizens of London, out of ditto -

To Mr. Scawen and Mr. Cornish, in Part of 26,458/. 6 s. 3 out of) ditto Revenue - . --J

£ s.

50.000 -

20.000 -

7,000-----

40.000 -

185,675.-----

14.000 — —

To Thomas Hall, Esquire, Out of Loans, on appropriated Customs -To several Persons, the Monies by them lent between 5th November 1688, and 12th A 1689, inclusive, on Impositions per contra -

To Wm. Harbord, Esquire, per Tally of Pro on the Duchy of Cornwall -

To Sir Hen. Ashurstand Partners, out of the appropriated Impositions -To the several Persons, the Monies by them lent on the Six Months Assessment -

To the several Persons, the Monies by them lent on the First Poll Money t - -

To several Persons for Principal out of the First Twelve-pence per lib. - 453,447 19

To several Persons for the like, out of the Two Shillings per lib. - - 254,440 18

To several Persons for the like, out of the additional Twelve-pence per lib. -

To Captain Math. Ingram, out of Loan on the First Twelve-pence, being Part of the Sum of 94,675/. 1 s. 11 d.per contra -

To Mrs. Mary Schute 500 Pounds, and Mr. Thomas Browne, 1,000 Pounds, out of the Loans' on additional Twelve-pence, in Repayment of the like Sums which they lent on the First Twelve pence; and are so transferred because the Act for the First Twelve-pence was supposed be over-charged -

Office of Ordnance, 12 Aug. 1690.

By the Balance -

£. s. d. 45,200-----

266,675-----

:ise 25,000 — —

- 15,000 — —

,rj I 0 0 00 to CO —

J 2,500 — —

- 150,000 — —

- 373,775 13 —

4t 238,223 9 7

707,888

130,322

17 11

4*

3

5,000-----

1,500 — — 1,996,885 u 4-r

11583,096 11 5

£- 3,579,982 2 yL

Av AC CO MPT of MONIES due and owing in the Office of their Majesties Ordnance for Stores and Provisions of War delivered, and Services performed in the said Office, to the last of June 1690; viz.

There is due to several Artificers for Stores delivered, and Services per-"!

formed in the Time of King Charles the Second J

Upon Account of the Expedition to Tangier, when it was demolished

93,722 J9 6,000 —

'd.

There is likewise due to several Artificers for Stores delivered, and Ser-' vices performed upon the Quarter Debt, stated to the last of December

1688.....-

Upon Mar. Quarter Debt 1689 - -

Upon June Quarter Debt 1689 - -

Upon Sept. Quarter Debt 1689 -

Upon Dec. Quarter Debt 1689 - -

Upon Mar. Quarter Debt 1690 - - - - . -

Upon June Quarter Debt 1690 -

3,068 —

3,723

13, M4

9,887

9,462

23,352

34,483

16

16

2

2

19

6

4l

5

4i

9k

H

Besides several Contracts on Foot for Powder and Carriages for Sea and Land, for Cordage,! all Sorts of Emptions for Sea, and other Stores ----- - j

There is also due for Freight and Hire of the Vessels taken up to transport Horses, &c. to!

Irela'nd, till the 15th February last, at which Time the Office was taken oft’ from that Charge J And there are divers Bills of Exchange drawn by his Grace the Duke of Schomberg upon this! Office, payable to several Persons, yet unsatisfied - - - - J

II. Goodricke, Wm.Bowlter, T.

Th. Littleton, C.J lusg

Total

£. s. d.

99,722 19 8£

97,122

67,029

22,076

4

5

n

1 10

4,139 9 —

£. 290,090 — 5 c

AC CO MPT of MONEY received towards the Charge of Victualing their Majesties Navy, from the

25th November 1689, to the 30th September 1690.

Time when received. Of the apropriated Money, Total of Receipts.

1689, Dec. 2. Received per Imprest - m — _ . , 10,000

/ Received per ditto - 10,000

20. Received per ditto - - ... 10,000

24. Received per ditto - . ... 10,000:

Jan. 28. Received per ditto - - m . - - 5,000

Feb. 14. Received per ditto - — m . 5,000

1.5- Received per ditto - m " . 5,000

2 7* Received per ditto - — - 5,000

1690, Apr. 11. Received per Warrant 10,000

28. Received per ditto - - - - 10,000

2W.£jfM.

i i° Octobris>

439

1690, May 17. June 14.

23-July 15.

June 30. July 5. Aug. 1.

15.

23-29. Sept. 4. 11. 20. 26.

Time when received.

Received per Warrant -

Received per ditto -

Received per ditto -

Received per ditto -

Received for Payment of Bills from the Streights

Received on the Poll Act - -

Received per Tallies on Excise -

Received per ditto -

Received for Payment of Bills from the Streights

Received per Tallies on Excise -

Received per ditto on Customs -

Received of Treasurer of Navy -

Received ditto - - , - -

Received of ditto -

Received of ditto - -

Received of ditto - - - i -

Received of ditto per Tallies on the Excise

Received of ditto -

Of the appropriated Money.

Total of Receipts.

50.000 1,810

40.000 20,973

1,144

2,119

19,026

20.000 500 500 500 500

1,500 5,000 500

18 4

'9

15

nf

6

.1

z

224,074 13 10

Memorandum: There was received of the Treasurer of the Navy, the 4th December 1689, by special Appointment of the Right honourable the Lords of their Majesties Treasury, for building the Cooperage, the Sum of jC.2,173. 2 s.6d.: Which said Sum hath been paid to Thomas Woodstock for the said Service.

ACCOMPT of MONEY paid to the Charge of Victualing their Majesties Navy, from 25th November 89,

to 30th September 90, and of what owing in that Time.

Midlings

For what,

Biscuit -Wheat, Flour, and Bavins - -

Bake-house Charges -

Crocus for Bags -

Beer -

Malt ——

Hops -

Coals for the Brewhouse -

Brewhouse Charges - -

Beef -

Pork -

Salt -

Cuttinghouse Charges -

Peas - - ....

Oatmeal -

Butter and Cheese - - - -.

Brandy - -

Currans -

Oil - - - ....

Cask -

Staves ——

Iron Hoops -

Wood Hoops -

Cooperage Charges - -

French Provisions for the Fleet -

Cartage of Provisions -

Incident Charges

Provisions sent to Milford and Leverpool by Wm. Venner Extraordinary Freights to the Mediterranean, &c.

Ordinary Freights - -

Short Provisions to Pursers -

Harbour Victuals -

Necessary Money -

Extraordinary necessary Money -Eills drawn per Commanders and Pursers for Supply Balance of Pursers Accompts Bills drawn per several Agents,"I j)over and owing at - - - J

Portsmouth Chatham -Plimouth

Liverpool -Milford Harwich

Commissioners and Officers Salaries . -Old Credits - -

/Ben. Hawkes /Edward Wyvill Wm. Brandon Row. Crispe Wm. Addis Wm. Bourke R. Evans -Jos. Fownes

A Bill from Jamaica in July 1689 ordered per Navy Board

Vo L. X.

14

10

14

18

11

Paid.

5,697 18

4,248

371 1,549

1,125 628 2,172 100 805 2,229 27,336 15,472 2,254

1,062

2,441

2,046 6,778 2,165 80 429 6,624 6,278

5,194

15

4,693

1,206

822

1,666

1,938

1,600

i,93o

M,557

895

3,5io

4,251

2,762

460

1,488

6,902

31,983

8,837

17,006

7.350

1,835

2.350 2,845

4,021

2

10

8

5 10

8

8

1

18

1

2

16

16

17

19

9

6

7

15

7

7

5

17

13

10

11

6

3

14 1

17

16

18

10

5

7

6

9

6

6

10

5

10

10

4

6

3 8

4

8

3

2

6

10

2 0

11

3

4

11 34 14 11

44

10

3

1

4

3

10

Owing-

i,737 9 5,215

335

11

19

6

1

150

9,325

2,692

329

185

126

9i»

1,843

900

20

73

2,416

5,504 4'7

125

3,292

2,95'

3,1.52

786

198

3

65

1,081

23,873

726

h,738

241

100

130

3,378

18,777

1,181

5,469

2,770

5ii

166

iS

624

270

— —

18 7

8 6

15 7

17 4

7 10

16 10

6 10

4 10

5 4

16 —

— 3

n 7

11 2

9 6

9 —

7 9

10 7

6 6

7 4

— —

14 5

10 11

7 10

18 1

1 1

- —

- —

10 —

13 3

— —

12 10

7 6

5 11

3 3

— —

9 —

10 0

13 4

8 4

Publick

Accompts

VJ

130 Octobris.

St, Ives Election.

Making

Militia

useful.

Limington

Election.

Bullion,

Barrett’s

Estate.

440

n

For what.

A. 1690.

Beef, Pork, and Peas, received at Liverpool from the Commissaries ofl the Army, which, at the Rate the rest were sold, will amo ut to > about - - - J

For Credit and Provisions ordered at Leghorne and Turkey

Paid. £. s. d. Owing. £.s. d. 630

222,297 4 8} 114,458 17 2

- 7,000

121,45817 2

♦ 30,000 —

a. Hoice. <£ 151,45817 2

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Abstracts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply to their Majesties.

A Petition of John Hawks, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That a Writ lately issued out for the Chusing of Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for St. Ives in Com. Cornwall; at which Election the Majority of those Persons that had a legal Right to vote, voted for the Petitioner; and more would so have done, had they not been hindered by the pretended Mayor of the Town; and who hath returned James Praed, Esquire, and Wm. Harris,

Esquire, as Burgesses for the said Borough: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections-: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder be added to the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the better regulating and making the Militia of the Kingdom more useful.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luiue, 13* die Octobris;

2° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Thomas Jercoise, and Olivet' Cromwell, Esquires, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were duly elected to serve as Members in this present Parliament for the Borough of Limington in the County of Southampton; notwithstanding which, the Mayor of the said Town hath returned for Members to serve in Parliament, Thomas Dore and Richard Burrood, Esquires, against the Right of the said Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill to prevent the Exportation of Bullion, and to encourage the Importation thereof, and converting the same into the Coin of this Realm, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Dacres Barrett, alias Lennard, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That, upon the Petitioner’s Marriage with the Daughter of the Earl of Donnegall, the Petitioner's Father, with the Petitioner, settled divers Manors and Lands in the Counties of Monaghan and Fermanagh in Ireland, and several other Manors and Lordships in Essex and Norfolke, to divers Uses and Trusts; whereby

the Petitioner is intitled, in Possession, for the Maintenance of himself and Five Children, only to the Premises in Ireland, his Father having an Estate for Life, in Possession, in the Premises, in England; with Remainder to the Petitioner and his Tail Male: And for that the Petitioner, by 20

reason of the Troubles in Ireland, has been debarred from the Receipt of any the Profits of his Estate for near Four Years past; for want whereof he hath been forced to contract Debts to the Amount of One thousand Pounds; and the Petitioner’s said Father, Mother, and Wife, being willing the Petitioner Should take up, upon Security of some Part of the Premises in England, that are in Reversion, so much as will pay off the said Debts, and give the Petitioner some small Assistance for a time; and praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable him to borrow’ One thousand Five hundred Pounds upon the Reversion of Part of his Estate in England.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Bill for the Reducing of the Interestof Money, from Reducing, Six Pounds to Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum, was inlereot* read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Then the House, according to the Order of Monday Call of the last, was called over: And the Names of such as made House. Default were noted down: Which were again called over a Second time; and the Absence of several of them excused.

Ordered, That the Defaulters be called over upon This-day-fortnight: And that such of them as do not then appear be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Complaint being made to the House, That one Ter- privilege. divando Meighin and John Wright, employed by one Thomas Perry, had assaulted the House of Richard Esquire, a Member of this House, and distrained upon . Pretence of a Warrant counterfeited from the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of Gloucester, for not sending outa Horse and Man to the Militia; and extorting Twenty Pounds by virtue thereof; notwithstanding that a Horse and Man was really sent forth; in Breach of the Privileges

v 7 O

of this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Complaint be referred to the Committee of Privileges: Who are to examine -the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Supply to their Majesties, for the Army.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon a Resolution: Which they had directed him to report: and which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;' viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That their Majesties be assisted in Maintaining of an Army of Sixty-nine thousand Six hundred and Thirty-six Men, being the Number of the Land Forces which his Majesty has been pleased to signify to this House, that He thinks necessary for the next Year's Service, in order to the intire Reducing of Ireland, and the vigorous carrying on the War against France.

The

8 Octobris.

iW. M. 13° — 14

44*

The said Resolution being read a Second time, several Amendments were proposed to be made therein, to insert, after "That," these Words, " a Supply be granted to; " and to leave out " be assisted; " and to leave out " inand, instead thereof, to insert " for Which were agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That a Supply be granted to their Majesties for Maintaining of an Army of Sixty-nine thousand Six hundred and Thirty-six Men, being the Number of the Land Forces which his Majesty has been pleased to signify to this House that he thinks necessary for the next Year’s Service, in order to the intire Reducing of Ireland, and the vigorous carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, that the Committee might have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to their Majesties, for the Army.

Ordered, That all Persons who have, from the Fifth of November 1688, to the Thirtieth of June 1690, received any publick Money for the Use of the Army, Navy, or Ordnance, do bring in to this House a particular Accompt of their Receipts and Disbursements by this day-sevennight

- .?

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine a Clock.

Esquire: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, so as the Petitioners may know how to govern themselves for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Ludlow was read; Ludlow complaining of an undue Election of Burgesses to serve Election, in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

But the Petitioners having not made theif Complaint the Beginning of this Parliament, nothing was done upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend the Leave for Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Foster and Members to Bernard. attended*

A Complaint being made to the House, That JVm. Privilege. Knight and Zachary Gardiner, Serjeants, had entered into the House of Sir Jos. Herne, a Member of this House, and arrested a Servant of his by the Procurement of George Atkins, an Attorney at Law, in Breach of the Privileges of this House.

Ordered, That the said George Atkins, William Knight, and Zachary Gardiner, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the said Breach of Privilege; and to answer the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, Master of the Commis-Rolls, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Rich. Reynolds, be ‘‘oners of added to the Committee to whom it is referred to prepare Accounts* and bring in a Bill for the taking the Publick Accompts.

Martis, 14* die Octobris; 2* Gulielmi et Mari®.

Bigg’sEstate.

A1

Prayers.

BILL to vest divers Messuages and Tenements in St. Giles's in the Fields, the Estate of David Bigg, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to be raised thereby in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses; was presented to the House; and received.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Plympton A Petition of Richard Strode, Esquire, was read; setting Election. forth, That there being a Precept granted for the Electing of Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament, the Petitioner, on the Twenty-eighth April last, was duly chosen one of them; but John the pretended Mayor,

with others, usurping to themselves the sole Right of electing, refused to admit the Petitioner’s Voices, and grant a Poll, though often required; and have wrongfully returned Sir George Treby, Knight, and John Pollexfen, Esquire: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same with, their Opinions therein, to the House.

Situ. A Petition of the Freeholders, Inhabitants, Freemen,

and Burghers of the Town of Plympton in the County of Devon, was read; setting forth, That a Precept being granted for the Election of Two Burgesses to serve for the said Town, the Petitioners, on the Twenty-sixth April last, voted for Richar Strode, Esquire, and Peter Fortescue, Esquire, who were duly elected by the Majority of legal Voices; but John Tozer, pretending himself to be Mayor, and some other of his Accomplices, usurping the sole Right of Election, refused to admit the Petitioners Voices, and grant a Poll; though oft required; and have wrongfully returned Sir Geo. Treby, and John Pollexfen, Vol. X.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of their Ma jesties Supply for the Army.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the said Committee,

That they had proceeded in the further Consideration of their Majesties Supply for the Army: And that they had agreed upon a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for maintaining an Army of Sixty-nine thousand Six hundred and Thirty-six Men, and for General Officers, Garisons,

Office of Ordnance, Hospitals, and Contingencies for the next Year’s Service, be a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two Million Two hundred Ninety-four thousand Five hundred and Sixty Pounds.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for maintaining an Army of Sixty-nine thousand Six hundred Thirty-six Men, and for General Officers, Garrisons, Office of Ordnance, Hospitals, and Contingencies for the next Year’s Service, be a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two Million Two hundred Ninety-four thousand Five hundred and Sixty Pounds.

Resolved, That the House will, Tomorrow Morning, Waji.9 at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Means, the whole House, to consider of the Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider of F ,lse Ways and Means for the better preventing false Musters; Muster*, and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

5 T And

1

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Making

Militia

useful.

Adjournment

Prideaux’s Claim on Lord Jeffries.

Southwark

Court of Conscience.

Barret’s

Estate.

Tower Hamlets Court of Conscience.

Bullion.

Christ

Church

Election.

442 14° — 150 — 16° Octobris. A. 1690.

And it is referred unto Sir Williamson, Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Rich. Temple, Colonel Birch, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir John Guise, Sir Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Wm. Bassett, Colonel Norton, Lord

Brandon, Colonel Sackvile, Sir Goodrich, Sir Math. Andrewes, Mr. Beake, Sir John Lord

Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Wm.Wkitlock, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Holt, Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. Heeger, Mr. England, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Norres, Mr. Gray, Mr. Arnold, Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Phil. Sir Wm.

Cooper, Mr. Cooke, Sir Fran.Guybons, Mr. Chetuyn, Mr.

Goldwell, Mr. Willmott, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Gilbert Clerke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for the Continuing of the Act for punishing Officers or Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service; and for the preventing Abuses in quartering of Soldiers: And it is recommended to Sir John Guise to prepare the same accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir John Guise, Sir Thomas Mr. Holt, Colonel Birch, Colonel Kirby, be added to the Committee, appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the better regulating and making the Militia of the Kingdom more useful.

Resolved, That the House do now adjourn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 15# die;

2* Gulielmi ct Marias.

Praters.

ABIL L to charge the Leicestershire Estate of the late Lord Jejfrics with Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, and Interest, to Mr.

was presented to the House; and received.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for Southwark be read Tomorrow Morning.

'A Bill to enable Dacres Barret, Esquire, to charge the Reversion of Part of his Estate, in England, with One thousand Five hundred Pounds, was presented to the House; and received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the erecting a Court of Conscience for the Tower Hamlets, and Holbome and Finsbury Divisions, was presented to the House; and received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read on Friday Morning next.

A Bill to discourage the Exportation of Bullion, and to encourage the Importation thereof, and converting the same into the Coin of this Realm, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resoloed, That this House will, upon this Day-seven-night, at Ten a Clock in the Forenoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said BUI.

A Petition of Thomas Hooper, and Thomas Dore, Esquires, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were elected Burgesses for the Borough of Christ Church; but, in Wrong to the Petitioners, Wm. Ettrick and Francis Gwyne, Esquires, are returned for the said Borough; notwithstanding the Petitioners had much the Majority of

the legal Electors of the said Borough: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof: and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more speedy and effectual furnishing his Majesty’s Navy, -in time of War, with Seamen; and for Pressing of Seamen.

And it is referred to Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Rob. Holmes, Captain Sir John

Chichley, Sir John Guise, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Foot Onslow, Mr. Russell, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the same.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for the raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means of raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 16* die Octobris; 2* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

A PETITION of Thomas Patten, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is duly chosen for the Borough of Presyet, that nevertheless

the Right honourable Robert Lord Willoughby being a Candidate for the said Place, the Mayor, Bailiffs, and several of the Burgesses, to whom the Precept was. directed, have, by undue Practices, procured many Votes for his Lordship; and have polled several for him unqualified for that Purpose; and have refused many qualified Votes for the Petitioner; and have returned the said Lord Willoughby, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Freemen and Burgesses of the Borough and Parish of Banbury in the County of O.von, was read; setting forth, That, at the Election on the Twenty-fourth February, the Petitioners, and other the Freemen and Burgesses of the Borough, to the Number of One hundred and Ten, who, as well as the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgesses of the said Borough, had a Right to voto in the Election, and did vote for John Esquire;

yet the Mayor refused to admit the Petitioners, and other Burgesses: Whereupon they demanded a Poll: Which being denied, they to the Number of Forty, executed an Indenture, testifying the said Election o Hmr/es; and demanded of the Mayor to return the same, with the Precept: Which he refused; and, in the stead thereof, hath returned Sir Robert Dashwood, by an Indenture, under the Common Seal; who had but Ten of the Aldermen and

20 ‘ Burgesses

Furnishing

Seamen.

Ways and Means.

Committees*

Preston

Election.

Banbury

Election.

Ludgershall

Election,

Cricklad

Election.

Chichester

Election.

Ditto.

London

Markets.

iW.fifM.

16° Octolfii.

443

Burgesses that voted for him, the rest voting for the said John Hawles: And praying the House would be pleased to redress the Matters aforesaid; and order the Indenture,' now affixed to the Precept, to be taken..; and the other Indenture, executed by the Petitioners, and other the Burgesses, to be affixed to the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edmund Harrison, Merchant, was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess for the Borough of Ludgershall in the County of Wilts: But that the Bailiff of the Borough hath returned another Person, to the Prejudice of the ancient Rights of the Borough, and in Injury to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

APetition of Samue/l Barker, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Burgesses elected to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklad in have, Time out

of Mind, been chosen by the f reeholders, Copyholders, and Leaseholders, by Lease, in Writing, for any Term not less than Three Years; by the Ma jority of whom, en the Twenty-fourth February last, the Petitioner, with Charles Far, Esquire, were duly elected; But the Bailiff hath made a Return of the said Cha. Fox, and Edmund Webb, Esquire, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Faring ton, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That, in pursuance of a Writ, under the Great Seal, a Precept issued from the Sheriff of the County of Sussex, for tire Election of Two Citizens for the City of Chichester: And that, after the Teste of the Writ, and before the Election, divers Briberies, and other iH Practices, were made use of, to procure Votes for Sir Tho. Miller and Thom. May, Esquire: Nnotwithstanding which, John Braman, Gentleman, and the Petitioner, were duly elected for the said City: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Braman, Gentleman, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected one of the Citizens for Chichester, at the last Election: notwithstanding which, John Cloze sly, Esquire, then Mayor, hath very illegally and wrongfully returned Sir Thomas Miller, and Thomas May, Esquire; upon whom, or their Agents, the Petitioner is able to prove divers undue and unwarrantable Practices in procuring the Votes they had: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of divers Persons of divers Callings, who keep the Markets of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and Hundreds more, who keep the same Markets, was read; setting forth, That, by a Petition, by the Petitioners presented to the House the last Sessions, they thereby set forth, That, by the additional Act for Rebuilding of the City, a Provision was made for Setting-out Vol. X.

of Gfoiinds for the Markets; and thereby dn tmjiositiort was laid on Coals; and Part of the Money thereby raised* was to purchase the Grounds: And that the Markets, for Several Years past, having been tatmed out. the farmers havd exacted very excessive Sums from the Petitioners so# their Stalls and Sheds, vastly Exceeding former Payments made for the same i On Non-payment whereof, the said Farmers turn the Petitioners out of their Stations, and destroy their Goods, to the Ruin of the Petitioners and their Families: And that the Petitioners have often applied themselves to the Lord Mayor, and Court of Aldermen* for Redress in the Premises, but could have none; and therefore applied themselves to this House for the Same; Whereupon they were pleased, on the Twenty-sixth of April last, to receive and read the said Petition; and to appoint a Committee to examine the Matter thereof; and to report their Opinions therein, to the House i Whereupon the Petitioners, after many Attendances on the said Committee, justified their Complaints; and the Committee came to a Resolution* That the Rates and Prices now, and of late, exacted and taken by the Farmers of the said Markets, both in Rents and Fines, in Piccage and Stallage, are unreasonable, oppressive, and a Grievance: The which, the Chairman was ready to have reported to the House, but prevented by the Adjournment: Notwith-stand... which, the Petitioners have been since oppressed by the said Farmers, and summoned before the Lord Mayor; who, upon the Petitioners refusing to sign Notes, to pay such their unreasonable Demands, have had their Shops and Stalls knocked down, with several Outrages, in Defiance of the Authority of this honourable House, and to the grievous Oppression of the poor Petitioners, by their arbitrary Proceedings against, and Practices upon, the Petitioners, as aforesaid: And praying thh House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to make such Order therein, as to them shall seem meet,

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine and consider the Matter of the said Petition; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred unto Sir Rob. Nappier, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Christy, Sir Tho. Ferules, Mr. Witmot, Mr. Archer, Mr. Haw try, Sir Rob. Rich Sir Cha. Gerrard, Colonel Austen, Sir James Long, Sir Dorrett, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Perry, Sir Rob. Dovers. Mr. Jtffiyes, Mr. Price, Sir Jo. Raymond, Sir Thom. Darcy, Sir Andrews, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Dyott, Sir John Guise, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Mr. Papillion, Mr. England, Mr. Blorujeild, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Hervy, Sir Rob. Carre, Mr. Bennet, Sir Phil. Skippon, Mr. John Chetwyn, Mr. Freemon, Mr. Wildman, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Bozvyer, Mr. Waller, Mr. Palmes, and all the Members that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and Counties of Middlesex, and Borough of Soulhwarlce: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for the Borough of Southwarke, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Southwarke

Court of Conscience.

Ordered, That the Bill for reducing of Interest of Mo- Reducing dey from Six Pounds per Cent, to Four Pounds per Cent. *nt*rett' per Annum, be read a Second time This-day-sevennight.

Then the House resolved itself inttra Committee of the Ways and whole House, to consider of further Ways and Means for M*ans-raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee,

That they had agreed upon a Resolution: Which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered m at the

Clerk’s

Committees.

Southampton

Election.

Preston

Election*

Barret*

Estate.

444

i6° — 17® Octobris. A. 1690.

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, an Assessment of One hundred Thirty -seven Thousand Six hundred Forty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence by the Month, for TwelveMonths, to begin from the Twenty-fifth December next, be charged upon Land, according to the Proportions in the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the granting a present Aid to their Majesties.

The said Jtesolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, an Assessment of One hundred Thirty-seven thousand Six hundred Forty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence by the Month, for Twelve Months, to begin from the Twenty-fifth of December next, be charged upon Land, according to the Proportions in the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the granting a present Aid to their Majesties.

Resolved, That this House will, To-tnorrow Morning at Ten-of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 1 ?° die Octobris;

2° Gulielmi et Alariae.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Arthur Merchant, was

read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected Burgess for the Town and County of Southampton: But, in Wrong to the Petitioner, Sir is

returned; notwithstanding the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Electors: And praying the Consideration and Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Majority of Aldermen, Common Council, and Capital Burgesses of the Borough of Preston in the County of Laticaster, was read; setting forth, That the Right honourable the Lord Willoughby oiEresbywas duly elected and returned for the said

Borough: But is since called up by Writ of Summons, to the House of Lords; whereby the Borough is now represented by one Member only: That Thomas Patten, Esquire, hath exhibited his Petition to this honourable House, thereby alleging he is duly elected for the said Borough: Which Petition is referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; but cannot be by them heard, in Course, in along Time: And praying a Short Day may be appointed for the Hearing the Matter of the said Petition: And that the Petitioners may, at the same time, be heard against the Pretensions of the said Tho. Patten.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions, to the House.

A Bill to enable Dacrcs Barret, Esquire, to charge the Reversion of his Estate, in England, with One thousand Five hundred Pounds, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Preventing of Firfes in the Town of Marl- Preventing brough. ' Fires at

And the said Bill was presented to the House: and MarlboruSl1-received.

A Petition of Sir Robert Pye was read; setting forth, Pye’s Mar-That, in the Settlement made by the Petitioner upon the r*a8e Settl#-Marriage of his eldest Son, there is a Mistake to the Pre- ment* judice of all the Parties concerned; which they are all desirous may be rectified: But are advised that it cannot properly be done but by Act of Parliament: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the rectifying the said Mistake.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re- Hackney gulating Hackney Coaches in London and Westminster. Coaches.

And it is recommended to Sir Wm. Poultney, Mr.

Christy, Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. Serjeant Mr.

Hazctry, to prepare and bring in the same.

A Petition of the Royal Affrican Company of England African was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, by their Company, great Charge for many Years past, preserved to this Nation the Trade in Affrica, from the Port of to Cape

de Bona Esperanza, under Letters Patents from the late King Charles the Second; whereby they have not only improved the Manufactories of this Nation; but, from the large Credit the Company have given to their Majesties Plantations, the said Trade hath produced an Increase of Wealth and Navigation to the Kingdom, and Revenue to the Crown: But there arising Disputes about the Powers granted to the said Company by the Letters Patents, whereby' they are disturbed in their Trade: And praying,

That they may have Leave to offer a Bill for confirming to the Petitioners their Charter and Trade.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Affrican Trade; and how the same may be best settled for the Benefit of the Nation; and to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred unto Sir Cha. Portei', Sir Bay. Kero-land, Mr. Ettenck, Mr. Pitts, Sir Rob. Sir

Strickland, Mr. Perry, Sir Peter Coryton, Mr. Baile, Sir John Guise, Sir Math. Andrerwes, Sir Walter Yeung, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Christy, Mr. Jeffrycs, Mr. lienly, Air.

Hutcheson, Sir Edzv. Seymour, Mr. Lord

Cheny, Mr. Letces, Sir John Banks, Mr. Papiltion, Sir Jervas Elzces, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir The. Vernon, Sir Phil.

Skipjmi, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. GoldxccU,

Mr. Slater, Sir Tho. Hussey, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Clarke,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Burdett, Sir

Bernadiston, Sir Wm.Thompson, Mr. Robinson, Air.

Burrard, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Chctwy Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Dyott, Sir Jos. Herne, Mr. Dolben, Air.

Fawkes, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ryder, Sir Jos.

Williamson, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Sam. Dashzcood, Sir Wm.

Whitlock: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of PercivalBriniskill, Gentleman, w as read, Raising

setting forth, That the Stat. 5 and 6 Edw. VI. which pro- Revenue by hibits all Persons to buy or sell Offices, doth provide, That *ines> *c* such as have Estates therein, in Fee, may do it; and consequently their Majesties are seised of all hereditary Rights belonging to their Imperial Crown and Dignity, to which the Administration, and Offices incident thereto, are inseparably annexed: And that, whereas their Majesties may get and save above Four hundred thousand Pounds yearly, by a right Disposition of Offices; and make a considerable yearly Revenue of Fines and Forfeitures, iu case the Laws in Force were duly put in Execution, to prevent Officers, Under Sheriffs, Bailiffs, and Attornies Vexation, unreasonable Bills of Costs, and Exactions, whereby they , ruin some thousand Families: And the Petitioner conceiving, that his Majesty hath a lawful Right and Authority

2 W. <£? M. 17° — -18° Oi 445

rity to put the Laws in Execution for the due answering all ancient Rights, Duties, and Profits, which are established to support the Right and due Administration of Justice, did propose to his Majesty, how and which way his Majesty might get and save the yearly Sum aforesaid: And, upon hearing the same read and debated last Week, before the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, assisted with Sir Robert Atkbis, Ix>rd Chief Baron of the Exchequer, and Sir Geo. Attorney General, it was

thought adviseable for the Petitioner to offer the same Case, and Proposals, to Parliament: And praying, That . a select Committee may be appointed to hear and examine the Petitioner’s Case, and Proposals for raising the Revenue of the Crown, by Fines and Forfeitures, and Disposition of Offices; and to report the same to the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed accordingly.

And it is referred unto Sir Rob. Master of the

Rolls, Sir Edmund JennMr. Mr. Arnold, Sir JVm. Poultney, Sir Jos. Williamson, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Eduard Seymour, Mr. Newport, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr.

Glemham, Mr. Price, Mr. Mr. Gilbert, Sir

Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Chetuyn, Sir Phil. Skippon, Colonel Birch, Sir John Guise, Sir Cha. Windham, Sir Math. Andreucs, Sir Thom. Mr. Gray, Mr. Dyott,

Mr. Bull, Sir Jen. Serjeant Mr.

Goldwell, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Christy, Mr. Sir

Tho. Travcll, Sir Peter Colfyton, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Waller, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Sir Jennings: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers.

SmithfeiM Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Market. regulate the Abuses of the Market of And

it is recommended to Sir John Guise, Sir Tho. Clarges, /Sir John Fagg, Mr. FaggMr. Colonel Birch, Sir Ralph Dutton, to prepare and bring in the same.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for the Assessment Land Tax. Df One hundred Thirty-seven thousand Six hundred Forty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence, by the Month, 'for Twelve Months, to begin from the Twenty-fifth of December next, upon Land, according to the Proportions in the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for granting a present Aid to their Majesties: And it is recommended to Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Tho.Clarges, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, to prepare and bring in the same.

Way* and Then the House resolved into a Committee of the -Mean*. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for the raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reports from the Committee, That they had agreed upon a Resolution: Which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards die raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds be raised, upon the Credit, or by Sale, of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds be raised upon the Credit, or by Sale, of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That they might have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Aloming.

Voi.X.

Resolved, That the House will, To-fnbrrow Alorning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for the raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 18* die Octobris;

2° Gulielmi et Maria?.

Prayers.

RDE RED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Plymouth rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ.

Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, in the Room of Sir John Maynard, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring, in a Bill for Surgeons to the Surgeons to administer inward Medicines, in Cases administer of Surgery. Medicines.

A Petition of Sir John Morden, Baronet, and jolm Edmunds-Wildman, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Pe- bury Elec-titioners wrere, the Sixth March last, duly elected for tien' the Borough of St. EdmundsburyBut the Mayor refusing to return the Petitioners, he, with some few Burgesses, under the Name of Capital Burgesses and Common Council, withdrew themselves from the Assembly of Burgesses and Freemen, and rased the Precept; and then made a Pretended Return of the Election of Sir Robert Davers, and Henry Goldwell,

Esquire, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And pray* ing the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges:

And they are to examine the Alatter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill for the Paving and Cleansing of the Streets within Westminster, the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the Out Parishes &c. Paving,

in the County of Middlesex, and Borough of Southwarke, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for regulating the Hay Market at Charing Cross, in the Parish of St. Mar-

tin's in (heFields; w as presented to the House; and received.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read on Morn-

ing next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for En- Highways, larging and repairing of Highways; and for Reviving a former Act for that Purpose: And it is recommended to Air. Serjeant Wogan, and Sir Edmund Jennings, to prepare and bring in the same.

A Petition of the King's Bench, Fleet, and Ludgate, Insolvent in Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Prisons in Debtors, the Kingdom of England, Dominion of and Town

of Berwick upon Tweed, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners beg Leave, That a Bill may be brought in to this honourable House, for discharge of poor Prisoners for Debt, Damage, Non-payment of Monies, and Costs of Suit; in Testimony whereof, the Seals of the said Three Prisons were fixed to the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of Poor Prisoners.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to regulate the Debtors great Abuses in Alatters of Escapes; and particularly Escapes, relating to the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet.

And it is referred to Sir Jonath. Jc?inings, Mr. Price,

Air. Beddingfeild, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Serjeant Blincoe, Sir Waller Young, Mr. Air. Arnold,

Sir Orl. Gee, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Mr. Hcnctry, Mr.

Bowyer, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Sir Je?xas Mr.

Christy, Mr. Foley, Mr. Dyott, Sir Robert Happier, Air.

5 U Brewer,

446

18° — 20° Octobris. A. 1690.

B reiser, Sir Rick. Onshto, Sir Major Perty,

or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chambers.

Ways and Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the Mean*. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same' in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth'; vis.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, an additional Duty of Twenty Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value, above what is charged in the Rook of Rates, be laid upon all Wrought Silks, Calico, Indian Linen, and other Manufactures of imported after Christmas next.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value, above what is charged in the Book of Rates, be laid upon all Wrought Silks imported from any other Place, after Christmas next.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value, above what is charged in the Book of Rates, be laid upon all Raw Silks imported after Christmas next, from China or India.

4. Resolved, That-it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Moiety, over-and-above what is charged in the Book of Rates, be laid upon all Foreign Linen imported after Christmas next.

The which said several Resolutions being severally read a Second time; the same were severally agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for the raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna,20* die Octobris;

2* Gulielmi et Marias.

P R A Y £ k s.

French Bay f\RDERED, That a Bill be brought in for Pre-

Salt. servation of French Bay Salt, taken as Prize, from

being destroyed: And it is recommended to Mr. Papillion to prepare and bring in the same.

Surgeous to A Bill to enable Surgeons to administer inward Me-

administer dicines, in Cases of Surgery, was presented to the House: Medicines. an(j received( 6

A Bill to enable Dacres Barrett, alias Leonard, Barrett> Esquire, to charge One thousand Five hundred Pounds upon the Reversion of his Estate in England, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

And it is referred unto Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir liam Langham, Mr. Campion, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. dingfeild, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Glemham, Mr. Pitts, Serjeant Wogan, Mr. England, Mr. Blmife Sir

Mr. Hedger, Mr. Burdet, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Mr. Waller,

Mr. Christie, Mr, Cooke, Sir Edmund Jennings, Sir Cln Windham, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Tho. Sir' Wm.

Cooke; and all the Members that serve for the County -of Essex and Norfolke: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr.IIickma* Doctor Hickman, for his Sermon preached before this thanked. House Yesterday: And that he be desired to print the same: And that Mr. Gray, and Sir Jonathan Jennings, acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of Frances filet. Widow, and Ann Vi/et her Vilet's Daughter, was read; setting forth, That George Vi/et the Estute* Petitioner Frances' late Husband, being seised in Fee of several Manors, Lands and Tenements, in the County of Norfolke, settled Part thereof, in Jointure, on the Petitioner Frances; and died about Eight Years since, leave-ing Four Daughters; vis.Ann, Frances, Diana, and Ce-

cilia; the Petitioner Ann being of full Age, and cannot receive her Share of her Father’s Estate, till the youngest of her Sisters Should attain One-and-twenty, to consent to the Sale for the raising the several Portions; and the Petitioner Frances, being desirous to see her Daughters settled in Marriage, is willing to consent to a Sale; which cannot be done without an Act of Parliament: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill, for the impowering Trustees to make Sale of the Estate, the Petitioner Frances being willing to accept # Part of the Purchase Money, in lieu and full Satisfaction for her Jointure; and that One Fourth Part of the Residue be paid to the Petitioner Anne; and the other remaining Three Parts be secured, by Mortgage from the Purchaser, until the said Frances,

Diana, and Cecilia, shall attain their several ages of One-and-twenty, or be married.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

A Bill to vest some Lands of John Wentworth, Esquire, Wentworth* in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money in Estate, a Purchase more convenient for him, was presented to the House; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Doctor Freeman be desired to preach I)r* Freeman before this House at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon *°tJ,r^ach oa‘ the Fifth of November next: And that Sir William Le-veson Gorwre, and Sir Jonathan Jennings, do acquaint him therewith.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning I<ondoB next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Orphan* of the whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr.

Francis Brace, an Attorney at Lafr, and Henry White-bread, had caused a Crop of Grain of Mr. Christy's, a Member of this House, to be taken in Execution, upon a Judgment, against one John Wells, and to be detained, notwithstanding the same was in Mr. Christie's own Bam; and that they knew the same belonged to him in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Francis Brace, and Henry Whitebread, be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer, Mr. Bock London C/arges, Colonel Sackvile, and all the Members that serve Market*, for the County of Surrey be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Persons w ho keep the Markets in the City of London, is referred: And that the said Committee be revived.

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his Ma- Persons it* jesty, That he will please to command the Commissioners Rebellion i* in Ireland to make a Return to his Majesty of the Names *re^an^-

of the Persons in Rebellion in Ireland; and of their Estates, and the Yearly Values thereof: And that his Majesty will

graciously

Winton

Election.

Tryals for Treasons.

Aulnage

Duty.

Ways and Means.

a W.^M.

20° — a i "

447

graciously please to order the same to be transmitted to this House.

And it is referred to Sir Th Colonel Austen, Colonel Birch, Sir Jos. Williamson, Mr. Foley, Mr. Robinson, Sir Jonath. Jennings, Sir Porter, Lord

Falkland, Mr. Bickerstaff'e, Mr. Dalben, Mr. Boyer, Mr. Christy, Sir Tho, Littleton, or any Three of them, to prepare the said Address: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter touching the Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Winston, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the said Committee: The which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Upon the Petition of Cha. , Esquire, complain-

ing of an undue Election for the City of Winchester, the Committee proceeded to examine the Merits of the said Election:

That the Right of Election appeared to be in the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Corporation, of Winchester; whereof, upon casting up the Poll, there was

59 For Mr.

39 For the Lord Paxclett.

35 For Mr. Morley:

That, as to Mr. Tdtteys Election, it was not questioned by the Petitioner:

But, as to the Lord Paulet, it appeared to the Committee, That, of the Thirty-nine which were for him Two were Peers of the Realm: But they were waved by the Lord Paxiiett's Counsel; there being a Majority for the Lord Paxclett without them: And, as to the Ten others that voted for the Lord Paxe let, the Counsel for the Petitioner insisted, That they w ere not resident in Winchester, and so not qualified to vote.

But it was affirmed, as well by their own Witnesses, as several others, on the Behalf of the Lord Paulet, That they constantly voted in Elections for Parliament Men, and they were never objected against:

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution: W'hich the said Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lord William Pazclet is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Winchester.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Lord Wm. Paxclett is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Winchester.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Regulating of Tryals in Cases of Treasons: And nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all the Members thatservefor the County of Yorlce, be added to the Committee to whom it is re-

ferred to examirie the Abuses in collecting the Duty of Aulnage, and of a better Way of collecting the same; and to consider of a Compensation to the Crown; and to report their Opinions therein to the House.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, Vol. X.

That they had agreed upon a Resolution: Which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Six-pence per Gallon be laid upon all Low Wines of the First Extraction.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding these Words, "from the Twenty-fifth Day of December next."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee in the Said Resolution, so amended, That a '

Duty of Sixpence per Gallon be laid upon all Low Wines of the First Extraction, from the Twenty-fifth of December next.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That they might have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Cloek, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for the raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Ordered, That Mr. Stockdale, Sir Robert ,' Mr. Debtors Wm. Thomson, Mr. Bickerstaff'e, Mr. Mr. Las- EscaPes-

cells, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Ryder, be added to the Committee to whom it is referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for the better preventing the great Abuses in Matters of Escapes; and particularly relating to the Prisons of the Kings' Batch, and Fleet.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Porter, and Mr. Finch, have Leave for Leave to attend the House of Lords, in a Cause between SpiUer and Herbert. *‘""d

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 21* d Octobris;

Pr

AYERS.

2* Gulielmi et Marias.

A BILL for the better Preventing of Fires in the Preventing Town of Marlbrough, was read the First time. Fires at

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Marlbrough.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Exporting and bring in a Bill for the better preventing the Exporta- Wool, tien of Wool, and for the better Improvement of the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

And it is referred unto Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Bloxv-feild, Mr. Pelham, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Christy, Mr.

Slater, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Rich. Hart, Sir Wm. Drake,

Sir John Fagg, Sir Jenv.Elzves, Sir John Sir

Edw. Aiscotigh, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. Freeman, Sir Levin. Ben.net, Sir Robert Nappier,

Mr. Kenyon, Sir Sam. Bernudiston: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion being made on the Behalf of Mrs. Eli's. Mountague’* Mountague, Relict of Edxv. Mountague, Esquire, for E,tate* Leave to bring in a Bill to enable her to make Leases of her Estate at Stcpny for Thirty-one Years, at the full and improved yearly Value, without Fines;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

A Bill to enable Surgeons to administer inward Medi- Surgeon* to cines, ii} Cases of Surgery, was read the First time. mSSo

Resolved, '

448 4r° Octobris.

A. 1690.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

African A Petition of the Merchants and Planters of Jamaica,

Company. was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners having been grievously oppressed by the present Company;

and being very sensible of the great Advantage it will be to the Manufactures, Navigation, and Revenue of England, to have the said Trade brought under a Regulation, whereby every one may have the Freedom of Trade thither; and praying, That they may be heard against the present African Company, for the Settlement of a more equal and beneficial Trade to Guinea, under a regulated Company.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the African Trade, and how the same may be best settled for the Benefit of the Nation; and to report their Opinions therein to the House.

Diuo. A Petition of the Clothiers of the Counties of

and Esse.r, on Behalf of theiriselves, and many Thousands

more, was read; setting forth. That for some Years last past, the Petitioners Trade for their Goods formerly exported in great Quantities to Africa, and the Sale and Vent of them now, is so restrained, that great Parcels made purposely for those Parts lie on their Hands; and there being now but one Buyer, viz. the African Company, the Petitioners are forced to sell at what lew Rates the Company pleases to give; whereby the Clothiers, for want of a Price and Vent for their Goods, are forced to lay down their Trades; the miserable Effects thereof is too apparent in the Ruin of many Families, who had their Dependence upon the said Woolen Manufactures; And praying the Favour and Pity of the House, that the Trade for these Woolen Manufactures may no longer be restrained, but that all Merchants may have Freedom, and export them; and to give the Petitioners Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of

the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the African Trade, and how the same may be best settled for the Benefit of the Nation; and report their Opinions therein to the House.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That one Edmund Mote, and John Lee his Attorney, had caused John Grover, a menial Serjeant of Sir Samuel a

Member of this House, to be arrested by George a Bailiff’; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said fdimuid , John Lee, and George Feild, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer their said Breach of Privilege.

Knowles'

Petition.

A Petition of Sarah Knowles, Wife of Thomas Knowles, was read; setting forth, That *

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: Who are to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Arnold, Mr. Colonel

Birch, Mr. Burdett, Sir Sam.Bernadiston, Mr. Christie, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Papillion, I,ord Falkland, Sir Math. Andrewes, Lord Norreis, Mr. Cooke, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir John Guise, Mr. Blowfeild, Mr. Roberts, Sir Tho.

Sir John Chitchley, Sir Jos. Williamson, Mr.; and

such of the Commissioners of the Admiralty who are Members of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tower Ham- Ordered, That the Bill for erecting a Court of Con-lets Com t of scjence for the Torwer Hamlets, Iiolbome and Finsbury

l>On9ClCnC€. -l-x. . I rx^ r

Divisions, be read lo-morrow Morning.

Repairing C lunches.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Repairing of Churches and Chancels, and for the

19

making the Churchwardens accomptable to the Justices of the Peace: And it is recommended to Mr. Christie to prepare and bring in the Bill.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of Ways the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means ttnd MeaD,< for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee,

That they had agreed upon several Resolutions; Which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place; and, afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are a3 followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value be laid upon all Deal Timber, and other Foreign Timber, Deal Boards, Wainscot, Pipe Staves, Box Wood, and other Wood imported from any Part of Europe, except Ireland, above what is charged in the Book of Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the like Duty of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value be laid upon all Deal Timber, and other Foreign Timber, Deal Boards, Wainscot, Pipe Staves,

Box Wood, and other Wood already imported from any Part of Europe, and not bought by particular Persons for their private Use before the Twentieth Day of Ocfo- . ber 1690.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value, above what is now charged, be laid upon all Wrought Silks, Calico, Indian Linen, and other Manufactures of India, already imported, and not sold and delivered to Retalers before the Twentieth Day of October 1690.

Resolved\That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the like additional Duty of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value, above what is now charged, be laid upon all Wrought Silks, Calico, and Indian Linen, and other Manufactures of India, which shall be imported between the Twentieth Oct. 1690, and the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1690.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That art additional Duty of Eight Pounds per Ton be laid upon all Hempseed Oil, Rape Oil, and other Seed Qil, imported after the Twenty-fifth of December next.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be an additional Duty of Five Pounds for" every Hundred Pounds Value, above what is charged in the Book of Rates, laid upon all Raw Silks imported, or to be imported before the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1(590, from China or Lidia.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, on all Foreign Hops imported after the Twentieth Day of October 1090, there be laid an additional Duty of Twenty Shillings for every Hundred Weight, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds more than what the same are now charged with in the Book of Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, upon all Pepper imported after the Twentieth Day of October 1690, there be laid an additional Duty of Twenty-eight Shillings for every Hundred Weight, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds; One Third Part of the said Duty to be paid down; and Bond to be given for Payment of the Residue at the End of Twelve Months; or else to discount after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Cent, on paying down the whole Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, upon all Pepper already imported, and not sold and delivered to Retalers, there belaid the like additional Duty of Twenty-eight Shillings for every Hundred Weight, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds; One Third Part of the said Duty to be paid down presently; and Bond

21® — 22

to be given for Payment of the Residue at the End of Twelve Months, or else to discount after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Cent, on paying down the whole Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value be laid upon all Grocery Wares, except Sugar and Tobacco, and upon all Drugs imported after the Twentieth Day of October 1690.

And the said several Resolutions being severally read a Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That they might have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for the raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 22® Octobris;

2® Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

Preston f~\ RDERED, That the Matter touching the Election

Election. V for the Borough of Preston, be heard at the Bar of this House upon This-day-month: And that Thomas Patten, Esquire, the Petitioner touching the said Election, have Notice of this Order.

Tower Ilam- A Bill to erect a Court of Conscience for the let* Court of Hamlets, and Holborne and Finsbury, Divisions, was

Conscience. read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wentworth A Bill to vest some Lands of John Wentworth, Esquire, Estate. jn Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies raised thereby in Purchase of other Lands more convenient for him, was read a Second time. -

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

staffe, Mr. Hazctry, Mr. Mr. Christy, Mr.

Mansell, Serjeant IVogan, Mr. Dalben, Sir Ralph Carre, Mr. Chadwick, Sir John Kay, Lord Cornbury, Sir Darcy, Mr. Glemham, Mr. Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Done, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Mr.

Clerke, Sir Edm. Jennings, Mr. Cary, Mr.

Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Kenyon, Sir John Guise, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Etterick, Sir Windham, Lord Wm.

Paxclett: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Barret’s Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee to

Estate. whom the Bill to enable Dacres Barret, alias

Esquire, to charge the Reversion of his Estate in England, with One thousand Five hundred Pounds, was committed, That they had agreed upon an Amendment to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was once read; and afterwards, a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bankrupts. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Help of Creditors in Cases of Bankruptcy: And it is recommended to Mr. Paul Foley and Mr. Serjeant Wogan to prepare the same.

Westminster, A Bill for Paving and Cleansing of the Streets in the &c. Paving. City of Westminster, and Out Parishes in the County of , Middlesex, and Borough of Southwarke, and for regulating Vot. X.

1 Octobris, 449

the Hay Market at Charing Cross, in the Parish of St.

Martin sin the Fields, was read, the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Comnfon African Council and Inhabitants of the City of Exeter, was read; Company, setting forth, That, for some Years past, the Trade formerly driven toGuinyby Merchants and others, hath been restrained and shut up, by confining it to a Company; since which, the Sale and Vent of the Petitioners Trade and Commodities is so abated, that many of their Goods lie dead on their Hands; and there being but one Buyer (the Agent of the Company), the Petitioners are forced to sell at their (the Company’s) Rates, or keep them on their Hands; and so, for want of Vent for those they have, are forced to lay down their Trades, to the Ruin of great Numbers of poor Families inhabiting in the said City and County of Devon, being become very chargeable to the Places where they dwell: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that the Trade of

Woolen Manufactures may no longer be restrained, but that Merchants may have Freedom to export them for the Encouragement of their Trade.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the African Trade, and how the same may be best settled for the Benefit of the Nation; and to report their Opinions therein to the House: And the said Committee is to have Power to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Sir Thomas Clarges reports from the Committee ap- Persons in pointed to prepare an Address to his Majesty, That he In

would please to command the Commissioners in Ireland to make a Return to his Majesty of the Names of the Persons in Rebellion in Ireland, and of their Estates, and the yearly Values thereof; and that he would graciously please to order the same to be transmitted to this House;

That they had prepared an Address accordingly: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The said Address being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by *

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Address, so amended;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in upon the Debate Attainting of the House, for attainting the Persons that are or have Persons iu been in Rebellion in England or Ireland, and for confis-eating their Estates, and for applying the same to bear the Charge of the War: And it is referred to Colonel Birch, Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Su'injin. Sir bull. Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Jos. Williamson, Mr. Paul Foley,

Sir Tho Littleton, Mr. Hutchinson, Lord Paxclett, Mr.

Travers, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Ilarbord, Lord Sir

Rob. Rich, Lord Falkland, Sir Cha. Biois, Sir Cha. Sid-Icy, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir John Guise, Mr. Mr.

Gilbert, Mr. Papillion, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Math Andrews, Sir John Cutler, Sir Rob. Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Attorney General,

Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Tho. Travell, Sir Jos. Herne, Mr.

Willmot, Mr. Parker, Mr. GreeiifeSir Windham, or any Five of them, to prepare the same: And. they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in die Speaker’s Chamber; and to sit de die in diem.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in for the better con- Estat« of fiscating the Estates and Trusts belonging to all Popish P°P‘sl1 . Seminaries, or Popish Uses; and for applying the same Seminaries, to bear the Charge of the War: And it is referred to the said Committee to prepare the same.

A Petition of Chris. Dodsworth was read; setting forth, Bullion. That the Petitioner having, for some Months past, taken

5 X notice

Ways and

Tryals for Treason.

Vile t's Estate.

Bigg's Estate.

Preventing

Fires at M arLb rough.

450

2 2° — 2$0 — 2 40

A. 1690.

notice of the unusual shipping for Holland great Quantities of Silver by the Jews and others; and, inquiring whether the'Silver so shipped was really Foreign Silver, as entered at the Custom-house, or Silver melted down here, that, on the Thirteenth of September last, the Petitioner, with Captain Le Neve and Mr. Wright, Officers of the Customs, and Mr. Swan an Artist, went on board one of the Ships outward-bound; where they found about Thirty-five thousand Ounces of Silver, all of English Casting; about Sixteen thousand Ounces was found, on the Test, to be worth not above Four Shillings per Ounce, and consequently a mixt Metal: This the Officer seized, and acquainted the Commissioners of the Customs therewith, who did not only discourage that Seizure, but suffered about Seventy thousand Ounces more to be shipped oft* without Examination whether English or Foreign: And that, for Sixteen Months past, about One hundred and forty thousand Ounces of Silver hath been thus exported; and the Custom thereof, unpaid, 'amounts to Seventeen thousand Five hundred Pounds Sterling: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, both with regard to the King’s Revenue, and publick Good.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the preventing the Exportation of Bullion, and encouraging the Importation thereof, and converting the same into the Coin of this Realm, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, on Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ton of the Clpck, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Resolved, That this House will, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Regulating of Tryals in Cases of Treason; and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourped till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jervis, 23° die Octobris 2° Gulielmi et Maria?.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Christy, Sir Geo.Willoughby, Mr. Gray, Sir Matth. Andreu.es, Mr. Pitts, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr. Mr. Perjy, Mr.

Wittmot, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Blmfeild, Sir Bloys, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Bcddingfeild, Sir Tim. Darcy, Mr.

Mr. Solicitor General, and all the Members that serve for the County of Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House a Bill for raising One hundred Thirty-seven thousand Six hundred Forty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence per mensem for Twelve Months: And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon a Resolution: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon all Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, already excised, there be laid an additional Duty of as much as the same are now’charged at, for One Year, to commence from the Tenth Day of November 1690.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, upon all Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, already excised, there be laid an additional Duty of as much as the same are now charged at, for One Year, to commence from the Tenth Day of November 1G90.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in according to the said Resolution: And it is recommended to Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General, to prepare and bring in the same.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Prayers.

ABIL L to vest divers Lands of George , Esquire,

deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Portions for his Daughters, was presented to the House: And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

A Bill to vest divers Messuages and Tenements in St. Gyles in the Fields in the County of Middlesex, the Estate of David Bigg, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to be raised thereby in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Borvyer, Mr. Slater, Mr. Lascells, Sir Edmund Jennings, Lord Castleton, Mr. Burdett, Mr. Bloufeild, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr. Christy, Mr. Glemham, Mr. Jennings, Mr. England, Mr. Wfillis, Mr. Willmot, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Braver, Mr. Bull, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Matth. Andrews, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Sir Humph. Forster, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Berks, Bucks, and Oxon: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better Preventing of Fires in the Town of Marlbrough in the County of Wilts, was read the Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 24° die Octobris;

2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

COMPLAINT being made to the House, That Thomas Price, Esquire, Counsel at Law', and Henry Alostyn, Attorney at Law for Peter Price, Lessor in Ejectment, had proceeded to Tryal at the last Assizes for the County of Merioneth, for the Estate of Edward Vaughan, Esquire, a Member of this House, notwithstanding the y were informed of his Privilege of Parliament; and that Wm. Wyne, Rich. Greene, and Edward Price, had made out Process, and taken Possession of the said Estate; in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That the said Thomas Price, Henry Richard Green, Wm.Wyne, and Edward Price, be sent for

16 in

Supply Bill; Land Tax,

Ways and Means.

Committees,

Privilege,

Wire Measures, &c.

Surgeons to

administer

Medicines.

Wentworth's

Estate.

South tvarke Court ot‘ Coukcience.

reducing

Interest.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

2 W. & M. 240 — ^25° OctabriL 451

in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer their said Breach of Privilege.

A Bill was presented to the House for the better Preventing of Frauds in selling Wines, and other Liquors, by Itetale, in false Measures.

A Bill to enable Surgeons to administer inward Medicines, in Cases of Surgery, was read the Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir 77to.

Mr. Waller, $i\'James Long, Sir Mr.

Mr. Ckace, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Serjeant

Trenchard, Mr Perry, Sir Edmund J Ur. Ratclijfc,

Mr. Paul Foley, l)r. Bar bon, Mr. 67/ 'Sir. Hutchinson,

Sir 7 'ho.Dairy, Slr.fVillmott, Serjeant//"ogan, Mr. Slater, Sir/I'm. Poult my, Sir JVulterChSir Sir

I I'm. Drake, Sir Era. Guibon, Sir Rob. Sir Cha.

Bleys, Mr. Ba scarcen, Mr. BidMr. Cary, Mr. Go-

dolphin, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Dolben, Mr. -man, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Thornhaagh, Sir Tho.

Mr. Burdct, Sir IVm. Langham, Sir JVm. Thomson, Sir

Jllatth. Andrews, Mr. Russell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Brown low, Mr. lVindham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Air. Cary reports from the Committee to whom the Bill to vest some Lands of JoJVentworth, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Alonies raised thereby in Purchase of other Lands more convenient for him, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which lie read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s 'l able: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to erect a Court of Conscience for the Borough of Southwarke, and other Places in the Weekly Bills of Alortality in the County of Surrey, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill lie committed to Colonel Austin, Mr. Bock/and, Sir John Guise, SirMr. Hawtry,

Mr. Freeman, Sir Sam. Bernudi Air. England, Mr. Brewer, Sir John Cutler, Mr. Lewes, Sir James Long, Sir Orion. Gee, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Perry, Mr. Paul Foley, Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Brozc

Sir John Bol/es, Mr. Blozifwld, Sir Matih. Andrezccs, Air.

Norreus, Mr. Cooke, Sir Fran. Air. Papillion, Sir

1 Valter Young, Colonel Birch, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Colt, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Rich.Onslow, Mr. Phil. Foley, Sir JVm. F/lis, and all the Alembers that serve for the County of Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for Reducing of Interest of Aloney from Six Pounds to Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum, be read the Second time Tomorrow Alorning, at Ten a Clock.

A Bill for raising One hundred Thirty-seven Thousand Six hundred Forty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence per mensem, for Twelve Months, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Alorning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Alembers of this House do, upon JMonduy Alorning next, present to the House the Names of Commissioners for the several Counties, Cities, and Places, as usual, to be inserted into the said Bill,

.Vol. X.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Francklyn;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better encouraging the Art of Pinlnaking, and keeping and setting the poor Pinmakers to work; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also a Bill, intituled, An Act for the enabling the Sale of the Manor of Kempton and Kempton Park, and other Lands, late of Francis Philips, Esquire, deceased; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also a Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving a former Act for regulating the Aleasures and Prices of Coals; to which

O O 1

they desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Complaint being made to this House of a Breach of Privilege committed against Sir Carbary Price, Baronet, a Alember of this House, by John Knowles, John Price, Rees Vaughan, and Thomas Lads, by entering upon the Alines of the said Sir Car bury Price;

Resolved, That the entering upon the Alines of Sir Carbury Price, a Alember of this House, by John Knowles, John Price, Rees Vaughan, and Thomas Lewis, is a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said John Knowles, John Price,' Rees Vaughan, and Tho. Lewis, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer for their said Breach of Privilege.

Air. Jepson presented to the House, from the Treasury, the Accompts of the Navy to the Third of September last.

Ordered, That the said Accompts be read Tomorrow Alorning at Nine a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Resolivd, That this House will, upon This day-seven-night at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Uebts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati,25* die Octobris;

2* Gulielmi et Alarise.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable Dacres Barret, alias

nard, Esquire, to charge the Reversion of his Estate in England with One thousand Five hundred Pounds, was read the Third time.

' And an Amendment being proposed to be made in Press 2, Line last, to leave out the Words " Ut supra and, instead thereof, to insert " as aforesaid;" the same was, upon the Questions severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Dacres Barret, alias Esquire,

to charge the Reversion of his Estate in England, with the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds.

Ordered, That Sir Jonath. Jennings do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Preventing of clandestine Marriages: And it is recommended to Air. John Grey and Air. Christy to prepare and bring in the same.

A Petition of Thomas MaGentleman, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, by his Marriage

Settlement,

Pin-making.

Philips’

Estate.

Coal Trade*

Privilege*

Navy

Accounts,

Ways and Means.

Committees*

London

Orphans*

Barret*

Estate.

Clandestine

Marriages.

Manwair-ing’s Estate.

Passages to be kept clear

Sandwich

Election.

Westminster, it c. Paving.

I/melon Markets.

Reducing

Interest.

Bullion.

452 2 50 Octob* A. 1690.

Settlement, became Tenant for Life of several Lands in the County of Chester, the Inheritance being limited to his Sons in Tail Male, and there being Debts charged on the Petitioner’s Estate to the Amount of One thousand Pounds; and, having Six Children, he has no other Means to raise Money to pay his said Debts, and maintain his Children, but by wilful Waste and Destruction, to the manifest Detriment of his Estate: And that, in the Judgment of the Trustees of his Estate, that the greatest Advantage to the said Estate will be in selling Part thereof to pay the said Debts: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for Sale of Part of hb Estate for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according as is desired.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers of Middlesex and Westminster, and of the W ard of Farrington

Without, that are concerned to take care, that from Eight of the Clock in the Morning till Two in the Afternoon, being the usual Time of Meeting and Rising of this House, the Passage through the Streets in the said Ward, an. between Temple Bar and W Hall, be kept fre

and open: And that no obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And the Serjeant at Arms attending this House is to give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid: And it is recommended to Sir William Poultney, Mr. Cary High Bailiff of Westminster,

Mr. Done and Air. Bridgman Justices of the Peace, and to the Members of the City of London, and Aldermen of the said Ward, to see thb Order put in Execution forthwith.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Port of Sandwich, be made on Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill for paving and cleansing the Streets in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Outr Parishes in the County of Middlesex, and Borough of Southwarke, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and for regulating the Hay Market at Charing Cross in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House: And is referred to Sir Wm. ney,- Mr. Christy, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Major

Perry, Mr. Haxctry, Sir Tho. Lee, Colonel Austin, Sir

Robert Dovers, Mr. Pelham, Mr

Sir Jon. Jennings, Sir Ralph Carre, Mr. Kenyon, Sir Gerrard, Sir Wm. Vincent, Sir Jew. Elwes, Mr. Slater, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Tho. Heslerigg, Sir Tho. Sir Ed-

mund Jennings, Sir Cha. Windham, Sir Edw. Abney, Sir James Long, LordNorreis, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Sir Wm. Turner, Sir Thom. Darcy, and all the Alembers that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That they make the Bill to extend to the City of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Phil. Foley, Mr. Brockman, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of divers Persons keeping the Alarkets in the City of London, is referred.

Ordered, That the Bill for reducing of Interest Money from Six Pounds to Four Pounds per Cent, be read a Second Time on Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That the House will, on Tuesday Alorning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for discouraging the Exportation of Bullion, and the encouraging the Importation thereof, and converting the same into the Coin of thb Realm,

Then the Titles of the Accompt of the Navy, and Navy Estimate of the Shipping Yesterday presented to the Estimate* House, were read; and are as followeth; ttc"

A List of all the Ships in their Majesties Transport Service; at what Places taken up; when they entered into their Majesties’ Pay; when they that are discharged were discharged; and which of them are continued in the Service: With an Estimate of all that is due to them that are discharged; and what is due to those that are not dbcharged to the Nineteenth of September l (>90.

A State, by Way of Debtor and Creditor, of the Accompts of the Navy with the Exchequer, between the Twelfth Oct. 1688, the Time of the Alteration of that Commission, and the Thirtieth of S 1690, wherein the Exchequer is made Debtor for the Debts remaining in Arrear at the Time of the said Alteration, and for the several Estimates that have been since prepared by the Officers, and confirmed by the Right honourable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, &c. of the Charge of the Navy for the Year 1689 anc* 1690; and per contra Creditor, by the Monies received from time to time for the Service thereof.

And Sir Richard Onslow presented to the House the Estimates or Accompts of the Marine Regiments.

The Titles whereof were read; and are as followeth; viz.

An Estimate of the Pay of the Officers of the Two Marine Regiments for one whole Year, and of the private Soldiers for Six Alonths.

An Estimate of what Pay is due to the First Marine Regiment commanded by the Right honourable Arthur Earl of Ton'ington, from the First of February, inclusive,

to the First Day of October 1690.

Resolved, That the Estimates and Accompts brought in to this House, relating to the Navy, Transport Ships,

Marine Regiments, Treasury, Ordnance, and Army, be referred to a Committee; to examine and consider thereof; and report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred unto Air. Foley, Mr. Fox, Sir Tho.

Clarges, Mr. Cary, Colonel Austen, Mr. Sir Matth.

Andrews, SlrJohn Bancks, Lord Ranclagh,

Air. Ash, Sir John Guise, Sir Jos. WiSir Air Papillion, Colonel Birch, Sir RiOnslow, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Done, Mr. Blarejeild, Alajor Beke, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Rob. Harvard, Air.

Palmes, Mr. Christie, Sir Sam. BerAir. Stanley, Sir Jervas Elwes, Mr. Harbord, Sir Rob. Rich. Sir Benj.

Newland, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Buscawcn, Mr. Pulcston, Colonel Birch, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Hen. Herbert,

Air. Holt, Sir Wm. Ellis, Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir Tho.

Dyke, Lord Falkland, Sir Wm. Leveson Gowre, Air.

Jeff ryes, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Biddolph, Lord Wm. Ptrulelt, and all tire Alembers of the House who are Aferchants:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Accompts for the sick and wounded Alen in the Navy be brought into the said Committee!

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Prizes do bring into this House an Accompt of all the Prize Goods and Ships.

Ordered, That the Bill for taking the Public Accompts Commis-

be brought in on Monday next. sioneis <»f

Accompts.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Way* and whole House, to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Alatter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved,

Sunyons to

«(iim Ulster Jklcdicines.

Mildmay'*

Estate-

French

*x W. <£$* M. 25° — 2

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Ton of Foreign Iron imported after the Tenth of November 1690, there be laid an additional Duty of Thirty-three Shillings per Ton, more than what is no\v charged thereupon in the Book of Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon all Hemp-seed, Cole-seed, and Rape-seed, imported after the Tenth of November 1690, there be laid an additional Duty of Four Pounds per Last, more than what is now charged thereupon in the Book of Rates.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon all Yarn of Hemp or Flax, imported after the Tenth of November 1690, there be laid an additional Duty of as much as what is now charged thereupon in the Book of Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon all Drinking Glasses, and other Glass, and all Manufactures of Glass, imported after the Tenth of November 1690, there be laid an additional Duty of Three Shillings upon every Twenty Shillings Value, above what is now charged thereupon in the Ijook of Rates.

And the said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, one by one; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he Was directed by the Committee to move the House,

J 9 '

That they may have Leave to sit again on Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That the House will, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Ordered, That Mr. Ash, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr Lord Combury, Mr. Tanner, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Chadwick,

Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Vincent, Sir Mr.

Pcndarvis, Sir Tho. Dyke, and the Members that serve for both the Universities, be added to the Committee to whom is referred the Bill to enable Surgeons to administer inward Medicines, in Cases of Surgery: And all that come are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lima, 27* dieOctobris; 2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

AP ET ITIO N of Henry Esquire, was

read; setting forth, That Dame Margaret Hungerford devised her Copyhold Estate at of

about Two hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum, to the Petitioner her Nephew, and his Sons in Tail Male; and, in Default of such Issue, to Sir anti his

Heirs: That the Petitioner, Thirteenth February 1674, did contract and pay to the said Sir Giles Five hundred and Fifty Pounds, for which he agreed to make a good Estate in Fee of the Premises to the Petitioner: Which accordingly, was done, by the Petitioner’s surrendering the same to Sir Giles, and he afterwards re-surrendering to the

Petitioner, before the Petitioner had any Son born; since which, the Petitioner having one Son, several Persons refuse to take Leases, or buy the said Copyhold Estate, doubting the Petitioner’s Title, whether the Estate Tail by such Means is barred: And the Petitioner being much indebted, which he is not capable of discharging, w ithout a Sa e of the Newington Estate, and praying, to remove

all Doubts, and to encourage Buyers, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the Copyhold Estate, for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

A Bill for Preservation of French Bay-salt, for the Use of their Majesties Navy, was presented to the House; and read the First time.

Vol. X,

Octobris. 453

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, was1 presented to Insolvent the House; and received. Debtors.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Phel‘P»* for enabling the Sale of the Manor of Kemptcn and 'iUle‘ Kempton Park, and other Lands late of Francis Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Coal Trade, for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Win.Whitlock reported from the Committee, to Comnus-whom it was referred to prepare a Bill for the taking the *’°".ers oi . publick Accompts: That they had prepared a Bill ac- ccoml* cordingly: Which he presented to the House.

And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pin-making, for the better encouraging the Art of Pinmaking, and keeping and setting the Poor Pinmakers at Work, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, after Ten a Clock.

A Petition of the President, College, and Commonalty Surgeons to of the Faculty of Physick, was read; setting forth, That t*, I1"11,uster the Petitioners being informed, That a Bill hath been read, iic lcinei' for granting and confirming certain new' Powers and Privileges to the Surgeons of London, in Prejudice to the Universities and Subjects of this Realm, in the Hazarding of Lives, by the unskilful Practice of Persons not fitly qualified to administer internal Physick, and praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read again, when the said Bill is reported from the Committee to whom that is committed.

A Petition of Daniel Dcxctheais, and others, the Vine- Ex ’ise on gar-makers in and near the Cities of London and /Vest - Vinegar. minster, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, using the Art of making Vinegar, do brew their Vinegar Beer at the common Brew el's, where the Excise is always paid: That the additional Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence Excise thereon, by the late Act, was to take place but from the Twenty-fifth Day of 1689: That their Majesties Commissioners of Excise, misconstruing the Act, have caused their Officers to enter the Petitioners Houses; and there gauge their Stocks of Beer, which hath paid the Duty at the Brewhouse before; and do gauge the Petitioners Beer again, at their House, although it has been before gauged; to the Petitioners Damage, by disturbing their Goods, and discovering the Mystery of the Trade; -and pretend that, by virtue of the said Act, they will compel the Petitioners to pay Excise for their Beer Vinegar, after the same Rate as Wine Vinegar; because they strain it through a dry Rape to fine it: That the Petitioners readily submit to the Excise laid on Wine Vinegar, made or mixt with foreign Materials (though they doubt not but to make it appear, that his Majesty loses much by having any Excise on that Commodity); and the Commissioners overcharge the Petitioners not less than Sixty-three Gallons on every Ton of Vinegar, made or mixt with Foreign Materials: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises; and that they may be heard by their Counsel touching the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee, to examine the Matter thereof; and report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred unto Sir Tho. Hussey, Sir Wm. Ellis,

Colonel Mildmay, Sir Fra.Guibon, Lord Bellamont, Mr.

Perry, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Papillion, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Rob. Rich.

5Y Mi.

Distillation of Brandy.

Supply Bills Lund Tax.

Committees.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Privilege — Publication of Proceedings.

Bagnall’s

Estate.

454 27 — 28°

Mr. Bickerstqffe, Mr Gray, Sir Mr. Burdet,

Sir Sam.Das/tuood, Mr. WilmoMr. John Sir

Tho. Littleton, Mr. Price, Mr. Hedger, Mr.

Sir Fra*- Vincent, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Trenchard, Sir

Bernadiston, Sir Cha. Gerrard, and all the Members of the House who are Commissioners of the Excise: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement of distilling Brandy from Corn: And it is recommended to Sir Rob. Harvard, Mr. Holt, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Tho. Littleton, and the Commissioners and Auditor of the Excise who are Members of the House, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the same.

: Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of

the whole House, to consider of the Bill for raising One hundred Thirty-seven thousand Six hundred Forty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence per mensem, for Twelve Months.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had made a considerable Progress in the said Bill; And that the Committee had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Aloming at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Committee of the whole House do bring in a Clause to the said Bill, for the appropriating Part of the said Assessment for the Use of the Navy: And it is recommended to Air. Attorney General, and Air. Solicitor General, to prepare the same.

Ordered, That the said Committee of the whole House do bring in a Borrowing Clause to the said Bill: And it is recommended to Mr. Attorney General, and Air. Solicitor General, to prepare the same.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 28*;

2* Gulielmi cl Mariae.

Praters.

SIR John Guise reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for punishing Soldiers or Officers, who shall mutiny or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Alusters, That they had prepared a Bill accordingly: Which he presented to the House: And the same was received.

A Alotion being made for Renewing of a former Order, of the Eighth of November last, for the preventing the false publishing, in News Letters, and other written Papers, the Votes and Transactions of this House.

Ordered, That no Person do presume to publish any of the Arotes or Transactions of this House, without Leave from Air. Speaker.

A Alotion being made on the Behalf of Nicholas -nail, Esquire, for Leave to bring in a Bill to bar a Remainder, limited to one Dudley Bagnall, of his Estate in Ireland;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Octobris. A. 1690*

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Alercha nts of London, trading to the East Indies, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read on Thursday Alorning next, at Eleven a Clock.

An Ingrossed Bill to vest some Lands of John

worth, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands with the Aloney raised thereby, more to the Conveniency of the said John Wentworth's other Estate, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the.Title be, An Act to vest some Lands of John Wentworth, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands with the Aloney raised thereby, more to the Conveniency of the said John Wentworth's other Estate.

Ordered,.That Air. Bickerstaffe do cairy the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for the better preventing clandestine Marriages, was presented to the House.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of George Teilder, in Custody of the Serjeant

at Arms attending this House, upon a Complaint of a Breach of Privilege committed by him against Sir Grimston, a Alember of this House, was read: And he thereby making his humble Acknowledgment of his Fault;

Ordered, That he be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Aloming, in order to his being discharged but of Custody.

A Petition of Wm. Davile, and his Wife, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's lather, having settled an Estate in Com. Ebor. of about Three hundred Pounds per Annum on the Petitioner, his Wife, and their Issue in Tail Alale, with Remainders over; and he, having contracted several great Debts, prevailed with the Petitioner to be bound with him; w hereby the Debts became the Petitioner’s: For his Father, dying, left no Estate; the Petitioner, by virtue of Extents taken out by the Creditors, is liable to pay the same; to the Disinherison and Ruin of the Petitioners, and Reversioners: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for Sale of some of the said Lands, for the Payment of the said Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the enabling the Sale of the Manor of Kempt on and Kempton Park, and other Lands, late of Francs,

Esquire, deceased, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Christy, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Ash, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cary, Afr. Harcourt, Mr. Price, Sir Robert Nappier, Mr. Thom-haugh, Mr. Slater, Sir Jeroas Mr. Hutchinson,

Air. Hawtry, Mr. Done, Sir Tho. Darcy, SvcRich. Hart, Sir Rob.Cotton, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Gray, Mr. Greenfeild, Mr. Freeman, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Sir Sam.Bernadiston, Mr. BUmfield, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Perry, Mr. How, Mr. Glemham, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Andrew Newport, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Gwyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Then the Order of Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for raising the Sum of One hundred Thirty-seven thousand Six hundred Forty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence per mensem, for Twelve Months, was read:

And the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers

East India Company.

Wentworth* Estate.

Clandestine

Marriages.

Privilege — Petition from a Person in Custody.

Davile*

Estate.

Phelipj

Estate.

Supply Bill ;t Land Tax

Committees,

Privilege — a Person discharged lroui custody.

Vilet-s

Estate.

Knotvlcs*

Petition.

'PMip’s

£sUtr.

Sandwich

Election.

a W. & M.

Tellers for the Yeas

28° — -290- — 30° Octobris.

455

/Sir Rob.

: u

Tellers for the Noes;

1161.

1

S'

102.

[Mr.

/Mr. Onslow,

/Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Air, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the said Bill: And that they had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Aloming.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Aloming at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration Of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

A Alotion being made, and the Question being put, That all Committees be revived;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Country for his Health. Alorning, Nine a Clock.

A Bill to enable Hen. Mildmay, Esquire, to sell some Mildmay'a Copyhold Lands, for payment of Debts, was presented Estate, to the House } and received.

A Petition of Thomas Price, Esquire, in Custody of the Privilege — Serjeant at Arm9, upon a Complaint of a Breach of Pelition Privilege committed against Edward Vaughan, Esquire, a per’

Member of this House, for himself, and on the Behalf custody, of Rich. Green, Henry Mostyn, JVm. Wynne, and Edward

Price, was presented to the House.

But Air. Vaughan being not present in the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition be read when he is present.

A Bill for the more speedy and effectual furnishing his Furnishing Majesty’s Navy, in Time of War, with Seamen, waspre- Seamen, sented to the House by Sir Rob.Howard, according to the

Order of the House; and received.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Air. Harris have Leave to go into the Leave of

Absence.

Mercurii, 29* die Octobris;

2" Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

Q EO RGE Feild, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege committed against Sir Sam. GrimSton, a Alember of this House, being, according to the Order of Yesterday, brought to the Bar; and making his humble Submission to the House upon his Knees;

Ordered, That he be discharged out of Custody, pay-

ing his Fees.

A Bill to vest divers Lands of George Vilet, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Portions for his Daughters, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cooke, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bedding feild, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Fra.

Guybons, Mr. Backicell, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Bracer, Air.

Cooke, Mr. Slater, Mr. Boicyer, Mr. Christy, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Sir Rob.

Davers, Mr. Willmott, Mr. Femvick, Mr. Burdet, Air.

Brockman, Mr. Bloufeild, Sir Tho. Miller, Mr. Biddolph,

Air. Bockland, Mr. Cary, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Darcy, and all the Alembers that serve for the County of Norfolke, and all the Gentlemen of the Long

Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Air. Vincent, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. West erne, Mr. Hobby, be added to the Committee to whom the Examination of the Petition of Sarah is referred.

Air. Christy reports from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the enabling the Sale of the Manor of Kempton and Kempton Park, and other Lands, late of Francis Phelips, Esquire, deceased, was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, without any Amendments.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

OrJera/^ThatAIr. Christy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Port of Sandwich, be made upon Friday Aloming next, at Ten a Clock.

Vol. X.

Ordered, That the Bill for taking the JPublick Accompts, Commission-be read Tomorrow Alorning at Ten a Clock. ers of Accompts.

Then the Order of Yesterday, for the House to resolve Supply Bill; itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed Land Tax. in the further Consideration of the Bill for raising One hundred Thirty-seven thousand Six hundred Forty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence per,

for Twelve Alonths, was read.

Ordered, That the said Committee of the whole House do, in the Clause to the said Bill for the appropriating Part of the said Assessment for the Navy, include a Part to he appropriated for the Use of the Naval Part of the Ordnance.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments; and had directed him to move the House, to appoint a Time for him to make the Report thereof.

Ordered, That Air. Solicitor General do make the Report of the said Bill, with the Amendments, Tomorrow Alorning at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Nine a Clock.

Joit’s, 30° die Octobris;

2* Gulielmi et Alarite.

Prayers.

ABIL L for barring a Remainder limited to Dudley Bagnall’s Bagnall, Esquire, and his Heirs, of the Estate of Estate. Nicholas Bagnall, Esquire, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House; and received.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing the King’s Highways from Robbers; and for satisfying Persons robbed: And it is recommended to Air. Onslow, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Sir Matth.

Andrews, Mr. Christie, or any Two of them, to prepare and bring in the same.

Air. Bracer reported from the Committee, to whom vilet’s the Bill for vesting divers Lands of George Vilet, Esquire, Estate.

deceased,

Westminster, &c. Paving.

liaising Itevenue by

Fines,&c.

London

Markets,

African

Trail*.

Pimii'hing Mutiny and Desertion.

Privilege.

456. 50 Octobris.A. 1690.

deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Portions for hi? Daughters, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Blaufeild, Sir Mr.

Bockmham, Sir JVm. Stevens, Sir Mr. Bus-

cmccn, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Hutchinson, Mr. Fenwick, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Paving and Cleansing of the Streets, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hautry, Mr. Mr-

Blozcfeild, Sir John Bolles, Mr. England, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Cooke, be added to the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Petition of Br Gen-

tleman, is referred: And that Seven of the said Committee do make the Quorum thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Jon. Jennings, Lord Client/, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Cooke, be added to the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Petition of divers Persons keeping the Markets in the City of London, is referred.

A Petition of the Merchants and Planters of the Island o {Barbadoes, was read; setting forth, That the Trade which the^Wcff/zCompany have possessed, and ingrossed to themselves, is to the great Diminution of the Customs and Itevenue of the Crown; to the great Damage and Discouragement of the Manufacturers of this Kingdom; to the lessening its Commerce and Navigation; and to the Impoverishment, and almost utter Ruin, of the American Colonies: And the said Company have assumed to themselves a Pow er to seize, and convert to their own Use, the Ships and Lading of any trading to or from those Coasts: And praying, That the Monopoly may no longer be continued, but the said Trade left free and open, or under such a Regulation, as may remove the aforesaid Mischiefs.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the AffricanTrade; and how the same may be best settled for the Benefit of the Nation: And they are to report their Opinions therein to the House.

of Corn, but also upon his Horses, Cattle and Husbandry; and was in Possession thereof, till, the Twenty-seventh of September last, one Isaac Wells, Brother of gave Security, by Mortgage, for Two hundred Eleven Pounds, which was the Debt due on the Judgment; and then the Sheriff released the said Crop and Goods: And the said IFellshaJhever since been in quiet Possession thereof; and hath threshed out and disposed of Part of the Grain:

And that the Petitioners doubt not but to make it appear* that they are not guilty of any Breach of Privilege for what was so done as aforesaid: And praying, That the Matter of the said Complaint may be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine and consider thereof; and that the Petitioners may be permitted to give Security to attend this House from time to time; and that thereupon they may be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Parties be heard at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, upon the Matters of i(the said Complaint and Petition: And that the Serjeant "at Arms do then bring the Petitioners up to this House.

A Petition of several Merchants trading into the East Pin-making. Country, and to Hamburgh, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, That a certain Bill is lately sent, from the I^ords, for the encouraging the Art of Pinmaking and setting poor Pinmakers at work; the Intent thereof being to establish certain Articles of Agreement, pretended to be made between Win. Killegrcw, Esquire, and the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company; which do manifestly tend to the erecting a gross Monopoly; in Prejudice of the Petitioners in their Trade of importing M ire from those Parts, for the Use of the Pinners, and great Grievance of the Publick: And praying to be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table; to be read again, when the said Bill is read the Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Cha.Porter have Leave to attend Leave for the House of Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between De Member 10 Casseres and Pope. attend Louis,

A Bill for taking the Publick Accompts, was read the Commis-First time. Sinners of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Accompts.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House a Bill Supply Bill j for laying double Duties upon Beer, Ale, and other Li- Excise, quors, according to the Order of the House: And the same was received.

. A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Commis-

A Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall Sir John sioners of

mutiny or desert their Majesties Service, and for punish- Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Admiralty.

ing false Musters, was read the First time. An Act concerning the Commissioners of the Admiralty:

Resolved, iliat the Bill be read a Second time. To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Francis Brace, and Hen.Whilebread, Gentlemen, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Mr. Solicitor General, according to the Order of Tester- Supply Bill.;

House, upon a Complaint of a Breach of Privilege com- day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, Land Tax. mitted against Thomas Cristy, Esquire, a Member of this to whom the Bill for raising One hundred Thirty Seven House, was read; thereby setting forth, That the Petition- thousand Six hundred Forty-one Pounds Eighteen Shil-ers were, on the One-and-twentieth Instant, taken into lings and Two-pence per mensem was committed, That Custody, by virtue of an Order of this House, on a Com- they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to plaint of a Breach of Privilege committed against Mr. the Bill; and with Borrowing and Appropriating Clauses Christie, a Member of this House; for that the Petitioners according to the Order of the House: Which they had had caused a Crop of Grain to be taken in Execution, upon directed him to report to the House: And which he read a Judgment against one JohnJ Fells, and to be detained; in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, deli-notwithstanding the same w'as in Mr. Christie's own Bam; vered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once and that they knew the same belonged to him, as by the read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; said Order is alleged: That true it is, the Petitioner and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed Brace was Attorney for one Ncu'digate Poyntz, Esquire, unto by the House.

in an Action against the said John Wells; and recovered Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments and Judgment against him for Two hundred and Fifty Pounds; Clauses, be ingrossed. and made out Process of Fieri facias against/f'ells*G oods;

and sent the same, by the Petitioner Whiiehread, to the Ordered, That Mr. Godolphin, Mr. , be Southwark s

Sheriff; who executed the same, not only upon the Crop added to the Committee to whom the Bill for erecting a Court of

l8 Court Conscience.

Committees.

Mountague s Estate.

Act of Navigation respecting English Seamen.

Excise on Vinegar.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Leave of Absence.

Rosseter's

Estate.

2 W. & M. 30° — 3i° Oclobris. 457

Court of Conscience for the Borough of is

committed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That all Committees be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris,3T die Octobris a* Gulielmi et Marins.

Prayers.

ABI L L to enable Mrs. E Relict of Edxcard Mountague, Esquire, to make leases of her Estate at Stepny, was presented to the House.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of divers Merchants, trading to the West Indies, East Country, Newcastle, &c. was read; setting forth, That, by reason of the great Occasion of Seamen to man their Majesties Fleet, a considerable Part'd the Trade of the Nation is much obstructed; and will be more, unless a more considerable Number of Ships go yearly out than can be permitted, in this Exigency, manned, according to the Act of Navigation: That for the same Reason, great Part of the Shipping, belonging to England, lie by the Walls; whilst Merchants are under Necessity of employing Foreign Ships in several Trades, to the Damage of the Nation, and Advantage of Strangers: And praying Leave, That a Bill might be brought in for suspending, during the War with France, and some few Months after, that Part of the Act of Navigation, which obliges our Ships to sail with Englishmen.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in accordingly: And it is referred to Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir 7Hussey, Sir John Guise, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Perry, Mr. BoxcyeSir Sam. Sir Rob. Nappier, Mr. Brou nloxi\ or any Three of them,

to prepare the said Bill. And it is recommended to Sir Tho. Clarges to take care therein.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Slater, Sir Phil. Mr. Hut-

chinson, be added to the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Vinegar-makers, is referred.

A Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing of false Musters, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House: Anti it is referred unto Colonel Birch, Mr. Bickerstafje, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Jerv. Sir

bert Clarke, Sir John Guise, Lord Digby, S'wTho. Bema-

dislon, Mr. Burrard, Mr. FoxMr. Goddlphin, Sir Rich. Ons/oxv, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Freeman, Sir Phil. Skippon, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Joiutth.Jennin Sir Tho. Sir

Rich. Hart, Sir John Chichly, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Fenxvick, Lord Wm. Pexclet, Sir Rob. Rub, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Henley, Mr. Paul Foley,

Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Clerke, Sir Tho. Darcyc, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Traverse, Mr. Pelham, Sir Rob. Nappier, Sir Edmund Jennings, Lord Falkland, Lord Fairjax, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Lord Marquis Winchester, Lord Ranelagh, Lord Brandon, Sir Wm. Whitlocke, Mr. Freke:And all that come are to

have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Cranford, Governor of Sheerness, have Leave to go to his Command.

A Petition of John Rosseler, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner settled Lands in Com.

Vol. X.

upon Frances his now Wife, of the Value of about Five hundred and Forty-four Pounds per Annum, as her Jointure with certain Remainders: That the Petitioner, at the making the Settlement, was considerably indebted; and they have since increased upon him: And for that all Persons concerned are consenting, that a Sale may be made of some of the said Lands, for payment of Debts, and praying Leave might be given for to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges Sandwich and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter touching Election, the Election of Barons to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Sandwich, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the said Committee: The which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Mitchell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election for the Port of Sandwich;

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Freemen of the said Port, inhabiting within the said Port: Whereof, upon the Poll,

Mr. Serjeant Thurbarne had - - 225.

Mr. Brent had - - - - 124.

Mr. Michell had - - - - 114.

That Mr. Serjeant Thurbarne's Election was not questioned; but, as to those that polled for Mr. Brent, the Council for the Petitioner insisted, That Four were made free alter the Teste of the Writ: But Three of them were intituled Xo their Freedom by Birth:

That Nic. Prisby was no Inhabitant within the Port:

That Five others were Servants:

That Thirty and odd were Almsmen, or received a charitable Donative.

But that, it appearing to the Committee, That Freemen in general had always voted at Elections of Parliament Men for the said Port, the Committee came to Two several Resolutions: Which the said Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Freemen of the Port of Sandwich, inhabiting , within the said Port, although they receive Alms, have a Right to vote in electing Barons to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Edward Brent, Esquire, is duly elected a Baron to 1 serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Sandwich.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And the Qustion being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Freemen of the Port of Sandxcich, inhabiting w ithin the said Port, although they receive Aims, have a Right to vote in electing Barons to serve in Parliament;

It passed in the Negative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Comnqittee in the said Resolution, That Edxvard Brent, Esquire,' is duly, elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Satidxvich

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.

fMr. Mountague, S,\Mr. Palmes,

Tellers forte Noes,{^;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

} 175-| 174.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Bullion, next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, to consider of the Bill for discouraging the Exportation of Bullion; and encouraging the Importation, and Converting thereof into the Coin of this Realm.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee.

5 Z

London

Orphans.

Privilege.

Southwarke Court of Conscience.

Sheafe’s

Estate.

St. Martin's in the Fields new Parish.

Hackney

Coaches.

Surgeons to

administer

Medicines.

Commissioners of Admiralty.

458 31° Octo

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for satisfying the Debt due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege committed by Francis Brace, and Henry IV hitebread, against Mr. Christy, a Member

of this House, be heard at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning: And that the Serjeant at Arms do then bring the said Mr. Brace and Mr. Whitebread, up to this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdct, Mr. be added to

the Committee to whom the Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for the Borough of Southwarke, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 1* die Novembris;

2* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Thomas Sheafe, and others, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner being seised, in Pec, of divers Lands in Com. Essex, and upon his Marriage with Jane his Wife, conveyed the same to Trustees, in Trust for the Petitioner and his said Wife, and their Sons in Tail Male; but that they have had no Issue between . ., they living separate, and being content so to do: And the Petitioner having contracted great Debts by way of Mortgage, and otherwise, which will tend much to the Prejudice of the said Estate, unless some Part thereof may be sold, to enable the Petitioner to pay such his said Debts, and praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose; and for making Provision for his said Wife.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

A Motion being made for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a new Parish in the Out Parts of the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields; and settling of several Schools and Charities in the said Parish, and other Places, within the Liberties of Westminster;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

A Bill for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, was presented to the House by Mr. Christie; and received.

Ordered, That the said Bill, and also another Bill for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, and for the Enlarging of several straight and inconvenient Passages, formerly presented to the House by Mr. Serjeant be read together.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Society of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London, was read; thereby setting forth, That, by the Bill lying before the House, to enable Surgeons to administer any internal Medicines to any Patient, in any Case of Surgery, which, Should it pass without further Explanation, will leave it doubtful, Whether they may not exercise the Art of an Apothecary, contrary to the ancient Charters and Powers granted to the Petitioners, and will be very prejudicial to them: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be again read, when that Bill shall be reported from the Committee to whom it is committed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act concerning the Commissioners of the Admiralty, be read on Monday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock.

i° Novembris. . A. 1690.

Mr. Windham reports from the Committee to whom Preventing the Bill for the better Preventing of Fires in the Town of F*res at Marlbrough in the County of Wilts, was committed, That Marllj, ou" u they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Sir John Bucknall, and others, Proprie- York Build -tors of the Waterworks in York Buildiwas read; ings Water thereby setting forth, That his late Majesty King Charles Company, the Second, by Letters Patents, granted to the Petitioners Liberty to erect Waterworks in Fork Buildings, for Supplying of Thames Water; and the same were erected accordingly: Which being burnt down, were rebuilt at your Petitioners great Charges: But that, notwithstanding the Conveniency of the said Works to the Inhabitants, the Petitioners find they cannot govern the same, lett Leases, nor do any other things necessary for the said Undertaking, without an Act of Parliament to enable them so to do: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the better Encouragement, Carrying-on, and Settling the said Water Works.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring- in a Bill accordingly.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reports from the Committee, Surgeons t# to whom the Bill for enabling Surgeons to administer in- administer ward Medicines, iri Cases of Surgery, was committed, Medicines. That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Whereupon the Petition of the President, College, and Commonalty of the Faculty of Physick, formerly presented to the House, was again read: And also the said Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Society of the Art and Mystery of the Apothecaries of the City of London, was again read.

Ordered, That the said several Petitioners be heard upon their said Petitions, at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Tryals for next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Treason, of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for regulating Tryals in Cases of Treason.

Then the Order of Yesterday, for the Hearing of the Privilege. Matter touching the Complaint of the Breach of Privilege committed by Francis Brace and Henry Whitebread, against Tho. Christie, Esquire, a Member of this House, was read.

And the said Francis Brace and Henry Whitebread, being brought to the Bar; and their Petition, formerly presented to this House, read, which they owned; and they desiring to be heard by their Counsel;

And being withdrawn;

And the Question being put, That the said Francis Brace, and Henry Whitebread, be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ISir Jeroas \, ->R

1 ellers for the 1 eas,|gir 1 5'

Tellers for the Noes IMr' Bickers 1 -Q

1 ellers for trie IN oe?’\Sir Gilbert Clarke, / 79'

So it was Resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Counsel of the said Francis Brace and Henry Whitebread, and their Witnesses, were called in, and heard at the Bar; and also a Witness for Mr. Christy.

And the Counsel, and the said Fran. Brace and Hen. Whitebread, and the Witnesses, being withdrawn;

20 Mr.

Privilege.

African

Company.

Cyiencester

Election.

Committees.

Making Militia useful.

Mar shalsea Court.

2 W. & M. / i° — 3* Novembris.

Mr. Christie was heard in his Place r And he being And it is referred unto Mr. , Sir John Broxvn-

also withdrawn; Captain Mr. Sir Tho.

The Question was put, that the Said Francis Brace, Darcye, Sir Christopher Sir Rob. Rich, Air.

and Hen. Whitehread, have committed a Breach of Pri- Christie, Lord Ccstlcton, Sir Tho. Mr.

vilege against Thomas Christie, Esquire, a Member of Mr. GVecw/i'/Vrf* Major Vincent, Sir Tho. Hussey, SirAam. this House: And Mr. Vincent, Mr. Browne, Sir Cooke,

It passed in the Negative. Sir Ilussey, Mr. England, Mr. Glemham, Mr.

Ordered, That Francis Brace and Henry Whitehread, Clarke, Mr Mr. and all the Members

Gentlemen, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending that serve for the City of London, the Counties of Essex, this House, upon a Complaint of a Breach of Privilege Hertfordshire, Kent, Middlesex, and Surry, and all the by them committed against Tho. Christie. Esq. a Mem- Gentlemen of the Long Robe And they to meet this ber of this House, be discharged out of Custody, without Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-paying Eees. bers: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers,

and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Price, in Custody of the Serjeant at

Arms, upon a Complaint of a Breach of Privilege committed against Fxke. Vaughan, Esquire, a Member of this House, be brought up, by the Serjeant to attend this House, upon Monday Morning next; and be then heard, upon his Petition, presented to this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Vaughan do then attend this House in his Place.

A Petition of the Company of Cutlers in in the County of Yorke, on Behalf of themselves, and the

rest of the Corporation there, was read; setting forth, That, since the Trade to Af rica hath been ingrossed into the Hands of one Company, the Petitioners cannot be furnished with Ivory Teeth but from them; for which they pay double the Rates they were used to do when the Trade was open and free; And the Dutch, who formerly bought great Quantities of Knives hafted in Ivory have of late, by reason of the Cheapness of Ivory among themselves, gotten the Trade from the Petitioners, to that degree, that the Petitioners are not capable of subsisting without some Relief afforded them, in respect of their Trade and Premises: And prayfng the Consideration of the House therein; and that a free Trade may be granted to all Merchants in general into AJfrica, that so the Stuff the Petitioners work, may be freely imported at moderate Rates.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said P < titi be referred to the Committee to whom it is referred to consider of the Affrican Trade; and how the same may be best settled for the Benefit of the Nation: And they are to report their Opinions therein to the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Cyrencester, be made upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordera/, That the Committee appointed to prepare and briqg in a Bill for the better regulating and making the Militia of this Kingdom more useful, do sit de die in diem, till they have finished the same: And that Mr. Clarke, Sir Tho. Tayler, Mr. Brexcer, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Perry, Colonel Kirby, Mr. Arnold, be

added to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 3* die Novembris;

2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

A COMPLAINT being made of the Abuses of the Court of the Virge or Marshalsea;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine into and consider of the Abuses of the said Court: And they to report their Opinions therein to the House: Vol. X.

A Bill for vesting certain Lands of JVm. and Davile’s

his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, Estate, was presented to the House; and received.

A Petition of John Hutchinson, and his Wife, was read; Hutchinson’* setting forth, That John Norbury, the Petitioners Wife’s Astute:

late Husband, in Consideration that the Petitioner consented to the Sale of a considerable Jointure, did convey the appropriated Lease to the Prebend of Brampton, in Com'Huntington, to certain Trustees, to secure the Petitioner One thousand Six hundred Pounds in lieu of the Jointure, in case she survived him the said John Norbury:

Since whose Death, the Petitioner finds the I^ease charged with a prior Mortgage of One thousand Two hundred Pounds; but that the Mortgagee hath an additional Se-

/ o o

curity of a Copyhold Estate to the value of Forty Pounds per Annum, in the same Parish: And that the Petitioner is like to be deprived of the Benefit of the said Security, unless both the Copy and Leasehold Estate could be sold, whereby the Mortgagee may be paid his full Money; and' the Remainder applied, as far as it will go, towards Payment of the Petitioner: And that, by the Rules of Chancery the said Estates cannot be sold, without being liable to an Equity of Redemption; and that the Heir at Law, being an Infant, cannot be foreclosed: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to vest a Leasehold and Copy-hold Estate, in Trustees, to be sold.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring' in a Bill accordingly.

Mr. Serjeant JVogan presented to the House a Bill for Bankrupts, the better Help of Creditors, in cases of Bankruptcy, according to the Order of the House: And the same was received.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill for raising One hun- Supply Bill; dred Thirty-seven Thousand Six hundred Forty-one Land Tax. Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence per mensem for Twelve Months, be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill; That nothing in the Bill Should extend to Houshold stuff, or Stock upon Land.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be read.

The Proviso was read the First time; and then with-drawn.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill; That, for the better Managery and distribution of the several Sums of Money granted to their Majesties by this Act, and all others the Revenues, it Enacts,

That the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and other the Commissioners of the Treasury shall, and are required, at or before the Day of next, to take the like Oath, as by the Laws is taken by every Lord Treasurer of England, is hereafter described and directed: The Chancellor of the Exchequer to take the same, before the Lord Chancellor, Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal of England: And the Commissioners of the Treasury to take the said Oath before the said Chancellor of the Exchequer; the Tenor whereof being as followeth; viz.

I A.B.

A. 1590

460

30 — 40 No

I A.B. do truly and sincerely swear in the Presence of God, that I will well and truly serve the King and Queen, and their People, in the Office of Commissioner of the Treasury; That I will do Right to all Manner of People, poor and rich, of such Things as concern my Office; and truly keep and dispend their Majesties Treasure: That I will truly counsel the King and Queen, and conceal all their Counsel: That I w ill neither know' nor suffer the King and Queen’s Hurt: nor their Disinheriting; nor that the Right of the CroWn be decreased by any means, as far forth as I may lett it; and, if I may not lett it, I shall make Knowledge thereof clearly and expresly to the King and Queen, with my true Device and Counsel: And I shall do and purchase the King and Queen's Profit, in all that I may reasonably do.

So help me God.

The said Clause was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Clause be read a Second time.

The Clause was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with these Words,

" First Day of December."

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Clause, by adding a Proviso;

" That nothing in the Act, or the aforesaid Oath, contained, shalLbe construed to extend to the enabling or obliging any Person or Persons whatsoever, to the Payment of any Pension, or Debts charged upon the Revenues of King Charles the Second, or the late King James, by them, or either of them, which remained and had Continuance on the Fifth Day of November 1688."

Which Proviso was Twice read.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Proviso, of these Words, " nor to the Payment of any Pension, granted by their Majesties, to any Person or Persons, since the said Fifth Day of November, aforesaid

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment to be made to the said Proviso;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be agreed to; and be made Part of the said Clause.

Resolved, That the said Clause, so amended, be read the Third time.

The Clause was read the Third time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Clause.

And it w'as withdrawn accordingly.

Resolved, Neminecontr That the Bill do pass:

And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to their Majesties of the Sum of One Million Six hundred Fifty-one thousand Seven hundred Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do cany the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto. OathofCom- Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, to oblige the Lords misaioners of Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury to take the like Treasury. Oath as the Lord Treasurer of England used to take: And it is recommended to Sir Tho. and Sir Wm.

Leveson Gower, to prepare the same.

Martis,4° die Novembris;

2° Gulielmi et Marine.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Ralph MGentleman, Maccles-was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, having contracted divers great Debts, which cannot be satisfied stiUe‘ but by Sale of some Lands, which are specially intailed, with Remainder to Walter Jennings, Clerk, and Danyell, Esquire, who are willing to consent to a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and his Trustees, to make Sale of the Lands to the Intents aforesaid: And praying Leave to bring in such a Bill, to sell Lands to pay his Debts; and make Provision for his Wife and Child.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill "'ye and for the better making the Rivers of Wye and navigable. N-.g.ti.e.

Mr. Serjeant Wigan presented to the House a Bill for Highways. Enlarging and Repairing of Highways, and for reviving a former Act for that Purpose, according to the Order of the House: And the same was received.

A Bill for the better Prevention of Frauds in selling " in* of Wines, and other Liquors, by Retale, in false Mea- M^wes, sures, was read the First time; c'

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the London Counties of Sussex, Kent, Essex, Hartford, and Bucks, Market*, be added to the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the People that use the Markets in the City of London, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill for the better preventing of Fires in Preventing the Town of Marlborough in the County of was Fires at

read the Third time. Marlborough

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prohibit the Covering of Houses, and other Buildings, with Thatch, or Straw, in the Town of Marlborough in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Windham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Trade with more effectual putting in Execution an Act of the last France. Parliament, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to free Bernadist* . the Estate of Sir Sam. Bcrnadiston, Baronet, from several Estate. Incumbrances, occasioned by a Judgment heretofore given against him, upon an Information in the Court of King’s Bench at Westminster.

Bullion. Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

ing next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for discouraging the Exportation of Bullion, and encouraging the Importation thereof; and converting thereof into the Coin of tins Realm.

Committees. A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That all Committees be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Bill for preserving French Bay Salt, taken as Prize, French for the Use of the Navy, was read the Second time. Nay bah.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Birch,

Sir Rich. Reyncll, Mr Dore, Mr. Bromly, Mr.

Mr Price, Sir Math.Andrews, Mr BoMr. Clark,

Mr. B/oufeild, Sir John Guise, Mr. , Mr. - -

head, Mr. Christie, Lord Cornbury, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir John Cotton, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Perry, Mr. Arnold,

Sir Rob.Rich, Sir Tho. Bcrnadiston, Mr. Archer, Sir

Clayton, Sir Sam.Bernadiston, Mr. 1 r. C11 -ay,'

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Pupillion, Sir Tho. Sir Walter

Young, Mr. Cary, Sir John Lozcther, Mr. Buscau Mr.

Paul Foley: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they prepare 17 and

Supply Bill; Excise.

Commissioners of Admiralty.

Cirencester

Election.

2 W. & M. 4® — 6° Novembfis. 461

and bring in a Clause for the more effectual putting in Execution an Act, intitiiled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France.

A Bill for doubling the Excise, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act concerning the Commissioners of the Admiralty, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the said Committee: The which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of John How, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Henry Esquire, and Rich. How, Esquire, for Cirencester;

That the Committee proceeded to examine the Merits of the said Election: And

That the Counsel for the Petitioner insisted, That the Right of Election was in all the Inhabitants of the said Borough, who did not receive Alms of the Parish.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members insisted, That the Right was in the Inhabitants; but exclusive as well of all that received any charitable Donative given to the Poor of the said Borough, as of those that received Parish Alms.

That-the Poll at the Election was taken of all Persons that offered themselves, promiscuously: And upon the Casting of it up, the Numbers were thus;

For Mr. Powle - - - 340

For Mr. Rich. How - - - 323

For Mr. John How - - - 409

That the Determining of the Election depended upon the settling the Qualification of the Voters: And the great Question before the Committee wds, Whether those that received a certain Charity, called By-money, Should be allowed to have good Votes; as to many of them it appeared, it was only received by their Wives.

That the Nature of this Charity is thus; It is a certain yearly Charity given to the Borough of Cirencester, and distributed by the Church Wardens and Overseers to such as do not receive Alms of the Parish, or Pay to the Poor: For which the Donor hath provided, That the Churchwardens and Overseers shall have Six Shillings and Eight-pence, for their Pains in distributing it: And it is sometimes given to one, sometimes to another, by Six-pence and One Shilling at a time.

That it did not appear, that these Persons that received this Charity had been excepted to, but only at my Lord Newburgh's, Election, in King James' Time; who was returned, and sat: But there was a Petition against him by Mr. Powle: Which Petition was withdrawn; and so there never was any Judgment of the House upon it.

That, upon hearing what was alleged on both Sides, the Committee came to Four several Resolutions: Which the said Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Inhabitants of the Borough of Cirencester, receiving a charitable Donative, commonly called By-money, have not a Right to vote in electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Inhabitants of the Borough of Cirencester, being Inmates, have not a Right to vote in electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament.

- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Henry Powle, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to Vot, X.

serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of

Cirencester.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Richard How, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cirencester.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Inhabitants of the Borough of Cirencester, receiving a charitable Donative, commonly called By-money, have not a Right to vote in electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the jf

Tellers for the Noes

So it passed in the Negative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Inhabitants of the Borough of Cirencester, being Inmates, have not a Right to vote in electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, for a Re-commitment;

Resolved, That the Matter be re-committed, for the Summing-up of the Poll between all the Parties.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections do sit upon Thursday next, in the Afternoon, in the House, upon the Matter re-committed, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Steward of the Town of Cirencester do attend the said Committee, at the Time aforesaid.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. - Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jervis, 6° die Novembris;

2° Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

A PETITION of John Francks, and others, was Selling read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are ruined Offices, by Neglect of the Laws made against Buying and Selling of Offices, and the Ordinances made by former Kings, Lords, and Commons, in Parliament, That old Servants, and such as be serviceable to the Publick, Should be provided for out of Offices in the King’s Gift; and that the Petitioners Case relates to several Matters, which one Mr. Brunskell proposeth to remedy: And praying, That they may be referred to the Committee appointed to examine the Case and Proposals of Mr. Brunskell.

And the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Case and Proposals of Percivall BrunskeU, for raising the Revenue of the Crown by Fines and Forfeitures, and Disposition of Offices, is referred;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for enlarging and repairing the Highways, and Highways, for reviving a former Act for that Purpose, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Margaret Baynes and Lucy Courthop, Baynes' Grandmother and Mother of John Baynes, an Infant, on Estate. Behalf of themselves, and the said Infant, and also of the 6aid John Baynes, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner the Infant is Tenant in Tail of several Houses in London, but clogged with a Terra of Fifty-one Years in

6 A his

6° — 7° Novembris. ’1690.

his Grandmother, for Payment of Debts and Legacies of his Grandfather, and with a Mortgage of Five hundred Years for Payment of One thousand Pounds, and also ' clogged with the Jointure of the Petitioner’s Mother; by reason of which Incumbrances, (precedent to the Petitioner’s Estate) his Interest is in Danger of being wholly destroyed: And praying (all Parties consenting,), That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of some Houses in London, for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Veneris, 7° die Novembris;

2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

BIL L to free the Estate of Sir Samuell Barnadis-

Baronet, from several Incumbrances occasioned by ton 3 ^3tate a Judgment heretofore given against him, upon an In- , formation in the Court of King's Bench at was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wye and A Bill for the more effectual making the Rivers of Lugg Navi- Wye and Lttgg navigable, was presented to the House, gation. And the Bill was read the First time:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Privilege — A Petition of John Leigh, in Custody of the Serjeant

a Person^0"1 Arms attending this House, upon a Complaint of a custody? m Breach of Privilege committed against Sir Sam.

Baronet, a Member of this House, was read; whereby he made his humble Submission to the House; and prayed to be discharged.

Ordered, That the said John Leigh be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Distillation A Bill for encouraging the Distilling of Brandy from of Brandy. Corn, was presented to the House.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Dr. Freeman Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to thanked. Dr. Freeman, for the Sermon he preached Yesterday

before this House at St. Margarett's, Westminster: And that he be desired to print the same: And that Sir IVm.

Leveson Gowre do acquaint him therewith.

Supply Bill; A Bill for doubling the Excise, was read the Second Excise. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the Whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Bullion. Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of

the whole House, to consider of the Bill for discouraging the Exportation of Bullion, and encouraging the Importation thereof; and converting thereof into the current Coin of this Realm.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Neale took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Neale reports from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House r Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That a Clause be brought in, to be added to the said Bill, That no Silver Bullion be exported but in - Foreign Coin, and Foreign Bars: And it is recommended to Sir Christopher Musgra and Mr. Neale, to prepare and bring in the same.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

liaising lie- Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Case and venue i>y Proposals of Percivall for raising the Revenue mes, &c. t|ie Crown by Fines and Forfeitures, and Disposition of Offices, is referred, have Power to send for Persons;

Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Officers, Innkeepers, and Clothiers, Army Debts-that served in, quartered, and cloathed, the Army raised by an Act of Parliament in 1677, and disbanded by another Act in 1679, was rea<^ > setting forth, That upon the Credit of the said Acts, the Petitioners furnished the said Forces with divers Necessaries, amounting to a very considerable Sum: That, on the Sixth May last, a Petition was presented to the House from the Petitioners, and the House was pleased to order a Committee to examine the Matter of Fact, and to inspect the Petitioners Accompts:

The which they did; and, upon the making the Report, the House resolved to take the Petitioners Case into Consideration: The which was disappointed by the Ending of that Sessions: And praying the House would now take into Consideration the Matters aforesaid.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee, to examine and state the Accompts of the Petitioners; and report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Colonel Birch, Mr. Mr.

Bickerstaffe, Mr. Bull, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Sir

Cha. Bloys, Mr. Bromly, Mr. Htrvcy, Mr. Hunt, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Chetzvyn, Lord Digby, Mr. Bockenham, Sir Sam. Bemadiston, Sir Gilbert Clarke, Mr. Brewer, Mr.

Carre, Sir Rob. Edon, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Cooke, Sir Tho.

Bemadiston, Mr. Hen. Herbert, Sir Jerv. Fllves, Mr.

Lamplugh, Mr. England, Sir Roger PulesMr. Waller, Sir IVm. Cooke, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Fawkes, Sir

Andrews, Mr. Blmfeild, Mr. Done, Mr. PoUexfen, Mr.

Christie, Sir Tho. Littleton, Captain Pitt: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Christie presented to the House a Bill for the more Recovery of easy Recovery of small Tythes: And the same was re- Tythes. ceived.

John Leigh, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attend- Privilege — ing this House, upon a Complaint of a Breach of Privi- a Person dis-lege committed by him against Sir Sam. Grimston, Baro- from

net, a Member of this House; being this Day brought to ’ the Bar, and making his humble Submission upon his Knees;

Ordered, That the said John Leigh be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. Harcourt reports from the Committee to whom Bigg’s the Bill to vest divers Messuages and Tenements in Estate.

Giles in the Fields in the County of Middlesex, the Estate of David Bigg, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to be raised thereby, in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bijl: Which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were.once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by flic House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Miles Cooke and Sar Rob. Regard:

Mr.

Barret’*

Estate.

Davile’s

-Estate.

Privilege.

Commissioners of Admiralty.

% W, U M. 70 — r8° Novembris. 463

Mr. Speaker, Tb# Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Deeres alias Leonard,

Esquire, to charge the Reversion of his Estate in England with the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds; wkh some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the Amendments being read, were as fob loweth; viz.

3 Skin, Line 12, instead of " the Assent," read " and with the Advice and Consent;" and, after " Lords," read " Spiritual and Temporal."

6 Skin, Line 7, leave out " of Parliament."

And the same Amendments being read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Jonathan Jetmings do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for vesting certain Lands of Win. Davile and his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, be read To-mprrow Morning.

The House being informed, that Edward Vaughan, Esquire, a Member of this House, was willing and satisfied, that Thomas Price, Esquire, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, upon Complaint of 9. Breach of Privilege committed against the said Mr. Vaughan, Should be discharged;

Ordered, That Thomas Price, Esquire, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be discharged out of Custody of the Serjeant.

The First and Second Amendments, being severally read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Amendment being read a Second time;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made in the said Clause; viz. after " Court," to insert these Words, which Oath the Judge Advocate, or his Deputy for the Time being, are hereby respectively authorized to administer ;" the same was agreed unto by the House: And then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the txcl-e* whole Hous,e, to consider of the Bill for doubling the Excise.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 8° die Novembtis;

2»Gulielmi et Marise.

P^AYiLRS.

ABILL to bar a Remainder limited to Dudley Bag- BagnalP* nail, Esquire, in the Estate of Nich. Bagnall, Estate. Esquire, in Ireland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

A Bill for vesting certain Lands of IVDavile, and Davile’s his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, Estate, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act A Petition of Relict of Williams,’

concerning the Commissioners of she Admiralty, was Esquire, and of John Williams, an Infant, her Son, and read the Second time. her other Children, was read; setting forth. That the Pe-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. titioner’s Husband was seised at his Death of divers Lands

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee and Tenements, to the Value of Eighty Pounds per In-of the whole House. num; the which he settled upon himself, and his Heirs,

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve in Tail Male, with Remainder over, in Trust to raise itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Daughters Portions; and that the said Thomas Williams of the said Bill. is lately dead; indebted Three thousand Five hundred

And the House resolved itself into a Committee of the Pounds, having no other real Estate, but an Estate con-whole House, accordingly veyed in Mortgage for Eight hundred. ., not worth

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. above Twelve hundred Pounds; and about Five hundred

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.....Personal Estate; all which Premises, by his Will,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. he made liable to pay his Debts; which, Should they re-

Mr. Attorney General reports from the said Committee, main unsatisfied, till the Petitioner, the Heir, Should come That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be ot Age, are in great likelihood to swallow up the whole made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report Estate: But the Creditors are content to receive their to the House: And he read the same in his Place, with Money as the same might be raised out of the grow ing the Coherence; and afterwards delivered them in at the Profits of the Estate, and Renew ing of Leases, w hereby Clerk's Table: Where the same was once read through- no great Detriment w ill fall on the Petitioner’s Inheritance: out; and are as followeth; viz. And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to vest the Equity

Line 21, after "are," and before " vested," insert of Redemption of the said Lands in Trustees, and for " lawfully At the End of the Bill, add Proviso (A); enabling the letting Leases of the said Premises during " Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall the Minority of the Children, for raising Money to be extend, or be taken or construed to extend, to give or applied to pay the Debts of the said Thomas Williams. allow to the Lord High Admiral, or to the Commissioners Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for executing the Office of High Admiral, any other accordingly.

Authority, Jurisdiction, or Power, than the Lord High

Admiral lawfully had, or might have had, used, and A Bill to enable Widow, to make Mountague’s

exercised, if this Act had not been made." Leases for Years, of Houses and Grounds in Stepney, was Estate.

And Clause (B); read the Second time.

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, That, upon all Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Christie,

Tryals of Offenders by Courts Martial, to be held by Mr. Foley, Mr. Vincent, Sir John Pelham , Mr. virtue of any Commission to be granted by the Lord tague, Mr. England, Mr. Howard, Mr. Pollen,

High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Mr. Clarke, Mr. Glemham, Sir Win. Ellis, Mr. Har-Office of High Admiral, every Officer present shall, before bord, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Haw, Mr. Cooke, Mr. any Proceeding to Tryal, take an Oath, before the Court, Blawfeild, Mr. Campion, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Brewer, Sir in these Words following: You shall well and truly try Rob. Cotton, Mr. Mansell, Sir Poultny, Mr. Price, and determine the Matter now' before you, between our Mr. Harbord, Mr. Pelham, Sir Tho. Mansell, Mr. Hen.

Sovereign Lord and Lady the King and Queen’s Majesties Pelham, Sir Jerv. Elxces: And they are to meet this and the Prisoner to be tried." Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

" So help you God." Chamber.

464 8° — 10° Novembris. A. 1690.

Cirencester Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges Election. and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cirencester, was re-committed, That the said Committee had agreed upon several Resolutions; Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read: and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That they do not proceed to sum up the Poll without hearing further Evidence.

That thereupon the Master of the Rolls insisted, That he had not been heard as to his own particular Case; and prayed to be heard thereupon: And that thereupon it was

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved to give Leave to the said Committee to examine further Evidence, as to all the Parties concerned in the Election.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That they do not proceed to sum up the Poll without hearing further Evidence.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the said Committee do examine further Evidence as to all the Parties concerned in the Election.

Ordered, That the said Matter be heard upon fortnight next.

Supply Bill; A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Lund Tax. Sir James As try;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to their Majesties of One Million Six hundred Fifty-one thousand Seven hundred Two Pounds and Eighteen Shillings, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the said Amendments being read, were as followeth; viz.

Press 24, Line 6, leave out "Lord Dursly, Son to the Earl of Berkley ;"and, instead thereof, read " the Right honourable."

Line 8, after " Exchequer," read " and Speaker of the House of Peers."

' Press 56, Line 21, after Browne," add " Clerk of the Parliaments."

And the said Amendments being read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the

XCISe’ whole House, to consider of the Bill for doubling the Excise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move the House, that they may have Leave to sit again on Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Army . Then the Earl of Ranelagh presented to the House

Accompts. several Accompts relating to the Army; the Titles whereof were read; and are as followeth; viz.

An Abstract of the Earl of s Receipts and

Payments, for the Use of their Majesties Guards, Ga-22

risons, and Forces, except those employed for Reducing of Ireland, from Fifth November 1688, to Twenty-ninth Sep. 1690, both Days included.

A Particular of die Arrears due the First October 1690, to the Forces under the Earl of Ranelagh'& Care.

Also Mr. Fox presented to the House an Accompt relating to the Army in Ireland; the Title whereof was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Debt due to the Army in Ireland, from the First May 1689,to 0°*- *690, according to Pay-_ ments made by the several Paymasters General.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accompts be referred to the Committee to whom the Estimates and Accompts brought in to this House, relating to the Navy,

Transport Ships, Marine Regiments, Treasury, Ordnance, and Army, are referred.

The House being acquainted, That Edward Vaughan, Privilege. Esquire, a Member of this House, was willing and satisfied, That Henry Mostyn, Wm. W Richard Green,

and Edw. Price, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, upon a Complaint of a Breach of Privilege committed against the said Mr. Vaughan, Should be discharged;

Ordered, That the said Henry Mostyn, JVyne,

Rich. Greene, and Edw. Price, be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Pri- Committeeof vileges and Elections, do make his Reports upon Tuesday Privileges. Morning next, at Nine a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Eight a Clock.

Luna, 10° die Novembris;

2° Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to vest the Manors and Lands, yilet's late of George Vilet, Esquire, in Trustees, to be Estate, sold for raising Portions for his Daughters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to vest the Manors and Lands late of George Vilet, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Portions for his Daughters.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords: and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill to enable Ralph Macclesfield to sell Lands for Macclea-Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife field’s Estate*.. and Children, was presented to the House; and received.

A Petition of Cha. Toll, and Rob. Hewet, Esquires, Toll and

Officers in the Pay Office, was read; setting forth, That Hewet’s

* # # Petition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition ' be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters, is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for importing the more effectual prohibiting the Importation of Bone Lace.

Lace, and Point Lace: And it is recommended to Sir -Walter Young, to prepare and bring in the same.

A Bill to enable Thomas Sheafe to sell some Lands for sheafeV Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife, Estate, according to an Agreement for that Purpose, was presented to the House; and received.

An ingrossed Bill to vest divers Messuages and Tene- Bigg’* ments, the Estate of David Bigg, Esquire, in Trustees, Estate, to be sold; and for the laying out the Money, to be raised

thereby

Prideaux's Claim on LurdJetfrycs.

Navy

Accompts.

Army

Accompts.

aW. <£? M. io — ii Novembr465

thereby, in the Purchase of Lands more to his Convenience, Orde, That the Consideration of the said Accompts to be settled to the same Uses, was read the Third time. be referred to the Committee to whom the Estimates and Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Accompts relating to the Navy, Transport Ships, Ma-Title be, An Act to vest divers Messuages and Tene- rine Regiments, Treasury, and Ordnance and Army, are ments, the Estate of David Bigg, Esquire, in Trustees to referred, be sold; and for the laying out the Money to be raised

thereby, in Purchase of Lands more to his Convenience, A Message from his Majesty by Sir Thomas Royal Auent

to be settled to the same Uses. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; to Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill to charge the late Lord Leicestershire

Estate with the Sum of Fourteen thousand Seven hundred Sixty Pounds, with Interest, to Edmund Prideaux, Esquire, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Falkland, Mr. Gray* Mr. Buscaxcen, Sir Mr. Arnold, Mr. Reginolds, Mr. Bockenham, Sir Cha. Porter, Sir Edxv. Hussey, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Sir

Cha. Bloys, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Mr.

Henly, Mr. Christie, Mr. Englattd, Serjeant Sir

Fra. Massam, Sir Rob. Dashzvood, Sir Yong, Mr.

Burrard, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Mr. Clarke, Mr.

Wilmot, Sir 77/o. Heslerigg, Mr. Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Glemham, Mr. Chadivide, Sir 77 Darcy, Sir Bol/es, Mr. Bromly, Sir Orlando Gee, Mr. Sir

Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Tanner, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Harbvard, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Burridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, at the Speakers Chamber: And they are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Falkland presented to the House, an Accompt touching the Monies. received and paid for the Use of the Navy: The Title whereof was read; and is as followeth; viz.

An Accoinpt of Money received and paid by the Treasurer of their Majesties Navy, from the Twenty-fifth of November 1688, to the Eighth April 1689.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accompt be referred to the Committee to whom the Estimates and Accompts relating to the Navy, Transport Ships, Marine Regiments, Treasury, Ordnance, and Army, are referred.

Also Mr. Harbord presented to the House, Accompts and Abstract thereof, relating to the Army: The Titles whereof were read; and are as followeth; viz.

The Accompt of Wm. Harbord, Esquire, late Treasurer and Paymaster General of their Majesties Army in Ireland, of the Money received and paid by him for and upon Account of the Pay of the Forces employed in, and designed for, the Reduction of that Kingdom; and for Provisions, and other incident and contingent Charges for that Service, from the First January 1689 (to which Time his Accompt has been long since lodged with Mr. Auditor Done), to the Fifth June 1690; the Time of his being superseded in the Employment by Cha. Fox and Thom. Conningsby, Esquires.

An Accompt of what Money hath been received and paid by Wm. Harbord, Esquire, Treasurer and Paymaster General to their Majesties Army in Ireland, for and upon Account, of the Pay of the Forces employed in and designed for that Service; and for Provisions, and other incident and contingent Charges, from the 25* Mar. 16S9, to the First of January following.

An Abstract of the Accompts of William Harbord, Esquire, late Treasurer and Paymaster to their Majesties Army in Ireland, of the Money received and paid by him for and upon Account of the Pay of the Forces employed in and designed for the Reduction of that Kingdom; and for Provisions, and other incident and contingent Charges for that Service, from the Twenty-fifth Mar. when he entered upon the said Employment, to the Fifth of June 1690; the Time of his being superseded therein by Charles Fox, and Thomas Conningsby, Esquire.

Vol. X.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty;

And they being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to several Bills; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to their Majesties of Sixteen hundred Fifty-one t housand Seven hundred and Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings.

An Act for the enabling the Sale of the Manor of Kempton and Kempton Park, and other Lands, late of Francis Phelipps, Esquire, deceased.

An Act to enable Dacrcs Barret, alias Lennard, Esquire, to charge the Reversion of his Estate in . with the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Address for an humble Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon providing the Debate of the House, in relation to the providing a aeamen-sufficient N umber of Seamen for the next Year's Fleet.

And it is referred to Sir John Guise, Sir John Thomson,

Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Rob. Rich,

Major Vincent, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Lord Falkland,

Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir 77/o. Vernon, Sir Jos. Williamson,

Mr. Arnold, Mr. Russell, Mr. Buscazven, Mr. England,

Mr. Mountague, Colonel Birch, Sir Wm. Rich, Mr.

Blozcfeild, Sir Samuel Bernadiston, Mr. Greenfeild, Mr.

Colt, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Pelham, or any Five of them:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Back Doors leading into the Speak- Back-door* er’s Chambers be locked up every Day at the first Sitting of Speaker's of the House, and kept locked during the Sitting of the Chambers-House, and the Keys brought and laid upon the Table:

And that the Serjeant at Arms attending the House do take care to see this Order performed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Adjoum-That the House do now adjourn; tatnt.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the 0^"}233'

Tellers for the Noes,{^ } 80.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 11* die Novembris;

2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers. '

AP ET IT IO N of the poor Prisoners of the King's King’* Bench Bench Prison for Debt, was read; setting forth, PrUon.

That for several Years above Eight hundred Prisoners have been committed to the said Prison; and that there are seldom less than Three thousand belonging thereto:

And that last Easter Term one Wm. Briggs was sworn Marshal of the Prison, but is only nominal for Mr. John Farrington, who is a Prisoner in Execution for large Sums; Who doth barbarously oppress and extort upon

6 B the

Fleet Prison.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Recovery of Tythes.

Armourers*

Droitwich

Election.

4 66

the Petitioners; and causeth them to be put in lousy and stinking Rooms, except they sign a Book to pay extravagant Fees and Demands: And he hath caused divers of the Petitioners, for endeavouring to redress these Grievances, to be removed out of the Prison to private Spunging-houses, and in the Hole and Dungeon, and in Irons in the Prison; whereby they are deterred from seeking Relief in the Premises: And praying the same may be examined, and the Petitioners relieved.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Guise, Mr. Slater, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Colonel Austen, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Wm. Thomson, Sir Mr.

Bowyer, Sir Jerv.Elwes, Sir Rich. Mr. Christie,

Sir Sam. Bernardiston, Mr. Ha retry, Mr. Colt, Mr.

Hedger, Mr. Fuller, Mr. BloSir Fran. Thomson, Mr. Mountague, Sir Matth. Sir Phil.

Mr. England, Major Vincent, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Biddulph: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the Extortions upon the Prison in the be referred to the Committee to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the poor Prisoners of the King's Bench Prison for Debt is referred: And they to report their Opinions therein to the House.

Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners be read the First time upon Thursday Morning next, at Eight a Clock.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Workmen Armourers of the City of London was read; setting forth, That, by an Act 13* Car.11", it is provided, That, at every Muster and Exercise of the Militia, every Horseman is to bring with him defensive Arms; viz.Breast and Pots Pistol-proof and the Backsword-proof: Every Pikeman to have Back, Breast, and Head-piece; and every Musqueteer a Head-piece: For want of due Execution of which Laws the Petitioners Trade is like to be utterly lost: And praying the Consideration of the House for reviving and encouraging the Art of Making of Armour.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the before-mentioned Petition of the Workmen Armourers of the City of London be referred to the Committee to whom it is referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for the better regulating and making the Militia of this Kingdom more useful.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Droitwich in the County of Worcester, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the said Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir John Packing ton. Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Philip Fotey\ Esquire, as Burgess to serve for Droitwich;

That the Compiittee proceeded to examine the Merits of the said Election: And

That the Question was, Whether the Right of Election was in the Burgesses of the Corporation of the Salt Springs of Droitwich, or in the Proprietors of the Salt Springs at large.

Of the Proprietors,

Sir John Packington had - - 26.

Mr. Foley had - - - 22.

1690.

Of the Burgefeses of the Corporation,

Sir John Packington had - - 8.

Mr. Foley - - - 22.

That, as to the Burgesses of the Corporation, none can be of the Corporation but they must have some Property in the Salt Springs: But it appeared to the Committee,

That several of the Corporation had only a Reversion, upon a Pepper Corn, reserved after Five hundred, or a great Term of Years. It likewise appeared, as well by ancient Rolls in the Nature of Rentals, said to be made ex Assensu <§ Consensu omnium Burgensium &; non Bur-

gensiumwhereof some were particularly expressed to be non Burgensium, as also by Witnesses, That many of the Proprietors were not Burgesses of the Corporation.

And that it was testified, as well by Mr. John Philpot, the Town Clerk, as Mr. Robert Pendrice, one of the Proprietors, but not of the Corporation, That the Proprietors at large had no Right to vote in electing Burgesses to Parliament.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Droitwich is in the Burgesses of the Corporation of the Salt Springs of Droitwich.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Philip Foley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Droitwich.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Electing of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Droitwich is in the Burgesses of the Corporation of the Salt Springs of Droitw ich.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Philip Foley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Droitwich.

Mr. Gray also reports from the Committee of Pri- Colchestw vileges and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter Election, touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester in the County of Essex, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the said Committee: Which he delivered in at. the Clerk’s Table in Writing; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Isaac Rebow, Esquire, complain-

ing of an undue Election and Return of Burgesses for Colchester;

That the Committee proceed to examine the Merits of the said Election: And that the Right of Election was agreed, as well by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, as the Petitioners, to be in the Freemen of the said Borough not receiving Alms.

That it appeared to the Committee, That the Poll at , the Election was taken promiscuously; and was afterwards to be scrutined.

That Three Clerks that took the Poll were produced:

Upon whose Books the Poll stood thus;

For Mr. Cary - - - 445 447 447.

For Mr. Reignolds - - 445 452 452.

For Mr. Rebow - - - 485 483 484.

That Mr. Rebow, having a Majority upon the Poll thus taken, demanded to be returned; but the Mayor refused till the Scrutiny: And thereupon, the Clerks Books were sealed up, and delivered to the Mayor. The Mayor sent for Mr. Rebow to be at the Scrutiny; but he refused to come.

Upon the Scrutiny, the Numbers were thus;

For Mr. Cary ----- 407.

For Mr. Reignolds - - - 415.

For Mr. Rebow ----- 393.

That, thereupon, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which Mr.-Gray read in his Place; and

afterwards,

ii° Novemb

aW. £# M. n° Novembris,467

afterwards, delivered in at the Table: Where the same

were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Edward Cary, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sam. Reignolds, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester.

the Firstof the said Resolutions being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Edward , Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sam. Reignolds, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester.

Buckingham Mr. Gray also reports from the Committee of Privi-Elecuon. leges and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Buckingham in the County of Bucks, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the said Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Atkyns, and Sir Peter Tyrrell, Baronets, complaining of an undue Election and return for the Borough of Bucks;

That the Committee proceeded to examine the Merits of the said Election:

And that the Question was only upon the Right of Election:

That, if the Right of Election was in the select N umber, which consisted of a Bailiff and Twelve Burgesses, the Sitting Members, were elected: If in the Inhabitants at large, the Petitioners were elected:

That, for the Petitioners, several Returns were produced: 1* Edw. VI. — Bailiff and Eleven Burgesses (named) elected. —

6 Edw. VI. — Eadem forma.

2 <§ 3 Phil. 8$ Mar. — Bayliff. et Bur gens, cum com-tnuni Asscnsu 8$ Consensu ehgerunt.

1 Eliz. — Bailiff and Twelve Burgesses elected.- —

And produced the Charter i°; Quod Villa de

Buckingham de ccetero liber sit: Et quod erint duo

Burgens. Parliamenti.-----

That, for the Sitting Members, was produced an ancient Record of 27 E. III. of a Precept to the Mayor and Bailiff of Bucks, for electing Burgesses to Parliament:

As also a Judgment of the House in Case of Mr. Dormer, That the Right of Election was in the Bailiff and Twelve Burgesses:

That it was also proved, as well by one Fourty, a Witness, produced for the Petitioners, as by JVm. Alton, and Hugh Hethersey, produced by the Sitting Members, who spake as to several Elections; and said, That the Persons that sat upon those Elections were always elected by the select Number:

That, thereupon, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bucks is in the Bailiff and Twelve Burgesses of Bucks only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Rich. Temple, Knight'Of the Bath, and Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough, of Bucks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Alexander Denton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bucks.

Vol. X.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bucks is in the Bailiff and Twelve Burgesses of Bucks only.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Rich. Temple,

Knight of the Bath, and Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bucks.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee in the said Resolution, That Alexander Denton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bucks.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Electron Privileges and Elections do make the rest of his Reports Commiltefs-To-morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Election of the Bur- Cirencester gesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough Election* of Cirencester in the County of Glocester be heard at the Bar of this House upon This-day-fortnight.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Coat Trade, for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rob. Da-vers, Mr. Arnold, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Walter Young, Lord Castleton, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Doctor Barbon, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Pitts,

Sir John Cotton, Sir Tho. Clarges, Lord Falkland, Mr. Robinson, Sir Tho. Bernadiston, Mr. Sir Tho.

Darcye, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Blmcjeild, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr. Taylor, Colonel Birch, Mr. Slater,

Sir John Brcncnlow. Mr. Thomson, Mr. England, Mr.

Cooke, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Christie, Major Vincent, Mr.

Clerke, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Bmvyer, and all the Members that serve for the City of London and Westminster, and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Commis-tituled, An Act concerning the Commissioners of the sioness of Admiralty, be now read the Third time. Admiralty.

The Bill was read the Third time.

And a Debate arising thereupon, a Motion w'as made:

And the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto, with several Amendments; to which Amendments this House desire their Lordships Concurrence.

The House being informed, by a Member of the House, Earl of That the Earl of Torrington, now in Custody of the Mar- Torrington shal of the Admiralty, doth desire to be heard before this to be House, touching the Matter for which he is in Custody;

Ordered, That the Earl of Torrington, at his Desire, be by the Marshal of the Admiralty, brought before this House Tomorrow Morning, to be heard accordingly.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Marshal of the Admiralty, by delivering the Order of this House to him.

Mr. Mountague reports from the Committee to whom Address for it was referred to prepare an humble Address to be pre- providing sented to his Majesty, upon the Debate of the House, in Sea,n,n-relation to the providing a sufficient N umber of able Seamen for the next Year’s Fleet, That they had prepared an Address accordingly: Which he read in his Place: and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

# # ♦.

Resolved,

11°- — 12° Novembris.

A. 1690.

Resolved, That the said Address be re-committed to the same Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Prideaux* . Ordered, That Mr. Hen. Herbert, Mr. Mr.

Claim on Jeffryes, Sir Rob. Nappie Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Ser-

Lord Jeff ryes. jeant Trenchard, Mr. Nich. Gold, Mr, Arnold, Mr. Done,

Mr. Clerke, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for charging the Estate of the late Lord Jeffrycs in Leicestershire, with the Sum of Fourteen thousand Seven hundred Sixty Pounds, with Interest, to Edmund deaux, Esquire, is committed.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 12° die Novembris;

2° Gulielmi et Maria;.

Prayers. n

Man ware- A BILL for Vesting the Freehold and Inheritance of

ing’< Estate. certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, is

the County of Chester, of Thomas Gentle-

man, in T rustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, was presented to the House; and received.

Panes’ A Bill for the vesting several Houses within the City

Estate. Qf London, late the Estate of John Banes, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, was presented to the House, according to the Order; and received.

Highways. A Bill for Enlarging and Repairing of Highways;

and for reviving a former Act for that Purpose, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to a Committee of the whole House.

Southwarke Mr. Bmcyer reports from the Committee to whom the Court of gin for erecting a Court of Conscience for the Borough onscience. oi Southwarke, and other Places in the Weekly Bills of

Mortality, in the County of Surrey, was committed. That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s. Table: Where the same were once read throughout.

Whereupon a Petition of Thomas Prettyman, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners had been at great Expence in endeavouring to get an Act for erecting Courts of Conscience, as well for the Borough of Southwarke, as other Out Divisions and Parishes in Middlesex, within the Bills of Mortality; and had this Parliament prepared another Bill, as formerly: But that, by Order of the House, a separate Bill was brought in for the said Borough, and is ready to be reported: And praying, in Consideration of such their former Expence, and continual Attendance, they, or some of them, may have their Names inserted, as Register Clerk, and Beadle, in the said Court, preferable to any other, so long as they shall behave themselves well in the said Places.

Afterwards, the said Amendments were read a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Act of Navigation respecting English »amen.

A Bill for suspending, during the War with France, that Part of the Act of Navigation which obliges English Ships to sail with English Seamen, was, according to Order, presented to the House; and received.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges Rye_ and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter touching Election, the Election of Barons to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Rye, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the said Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Caleb Bancks, and Thomas

Esquires, against the Election and Return of Sir John Austen, and Sir John Dorrell, for the Port of Rye;

That it was agreed the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Jurats, and Freemen of the Port of Rye.

That Henry Doming ton delivered in a Copy of the Poll; which, he said, he took by Direction of the Petitioners: -Upon which, the Numbers stood thus;

For Sir John Austen - - ,9-

For Sir John Doi'rell - - ‘ 17

For Mr. Frewen - - 18.

For Mr. Bancks - - 18.

That, as to the Exceptions, the Matter was thus: There was a Dispute between one Thomas Tournay, and one Crouch, about the Mayoralty of Rye: Upon which, there was a Hearing before the King and Council; and the King determined it for Crouch; and commanded him to go down, and act as Mayor.

That, thereupon, Crouch goes down; calls an Assembly; and, with the Consent of the Majority of the Freemen, makes several new Freemen; Six of which voted for the Petitioners.

That, after the Making of these new Freemen in Crouche's time, Mr. Tournay brought his Mandamus in the King’s Bench; and was restored to his Office of Mayor; and then calls an Assembly, in which the said new Freemen, so made in Crouche's time, were disfranchised, as not being admitted according to Custom, there being no Mayor de jure at that Time: Afterwards, the said Mr. Tournay calls another Assembly, where the said new Freemen being, as aforesaid, excluded, he admitted, with the Consent of the Majority of the old Freemen, several others; whereof Nine voted for the Sitting Members.

That, as to one Grible, that voted for the Sitting Members, it was testified. That he was made free by his Father’s Copy, though his Father was discharged by the Commissioners for regulating Corporations.

And that, as to others; viz. Thomas Tutty, and Sant. Jeke, senior, that voted for the Sitting Members; it was testified, That they were likewise discharged by the same Commissioners.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Gi'ible, Thom. Tutty, and Sam. Jeke, senior, being discharged by the Commissioners appointed by the Act for regulating Corporations, have a Right to vote in electing Barons to serve in Parliament for the Port of Rye.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir John Austen is duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Rye.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir John Dorrell is duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Rye.

the First of the said RcsolutionsbcingreadaSecond time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thomas Grille, Thom. Tutty, and Sam. Jeke, senior, being discharged by the Commissioners appointed by the Act for regulating Corporations, have a Right to vote in electing Barons to serve in Parliament for the Port of Rye.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir John Austin is duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Rye.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

17 And

New Radnor Election.

a W. & M.

12° Novembris.

469

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir John Dorrell is duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Rye;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for, he Yeas,} >97-

TeUerefor«heN^ltf&, }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Gray also reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter touching the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Radnor in the County of Radnor, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the said Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Robert Esquire, complaining of an undue Return and Election of Sir Rowland Givyn for the Borough of Nero Radnor;

That the Question between the Petitioner, and Sitting Member was, concerning the Right of Election,

' That the Petitioner insisted, That the Right of Election lay in the Burgesses of Radnor, Ryader,

Kune Idas, and Kevenlice only.

That the Sitting Member insisted, That Paines Castle, and Presteigne, had an equal Right in electing with the said other Towns.

That, as the Poll was taken, the Numbers, without Paines Castle and Prist eigne, were thus;

For Sir Rowland Gzvyn - - - - 172.

For Mr. Harly - - - 173.

; But that several others were excepted to by the Petitioner, and taken off from Sir Rowland Gwyris Poll.

That, besides these, there were Forty-five of,

and Thirty-fourof Paines Castle, that voted for Sir Rowl. Gwyn.

That, to prove that Paines Castle and , had

a Right to join in the Election, the Counsel insisted upon the Statute of 27 //. VIII. Cap. 26. that said, " The Burgesses Fee should be levied, as well of the Shire Towns, as all other ancient Boroughs within the same Shire

And the Record of a Return of Burgesses for Nero Radnor, wherein Presteigne and Norton were mentioned: But the Record was very much tom and obliterated.

And a Copy of a Record of an Indenture of Return 30° Car. I.IJi, said to be made between the Bailiff of the ancient Borough of Paines Castle, ’and Bailiffs of other Towns therein named:

But, that it was testified by John Williams, aged Sixty-four Years, that had lived at Presteigne all his Time, and one other Witness, aged Eighty-two Years (who said. He had been Town Clerk of New twenty Years),

That they never knew any of Presteigne voted for Parliament Men.

That thereupon the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Nero Radnor is in the Burgesses of Radnor, Ryader, Knighton, and

Kevenlice only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Rowland Gwyn is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Radnor.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Rob.Harly, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to

serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Radnor.

the Firstof the said Resolutions beingread a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-Vol X.

mittee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Radnor, is in the Burgesses of Radnor', Ryador, Knighton, Knueklas, and Kevenlice only.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Rowland Gwyn is not duly elected a Burgess to servfi in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Radnor.

The Third Resolution being read the Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth ag re with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Robert Harley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Radnor.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the Borough of New Radnor, to amend the same.

Mr. Gray also reports from the Committee of Privi- Mitchell leges and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter Election, touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell in the County of Cornwall, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table in ^Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Upon the Petition of Humfry Courtney, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Anthony Rowe, Esquire, for Mitchell;

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Lords of the Borough of Mitchell; who are liable to be chosen Portreves of the same; and in the Housholders of the said Borough not receiving Alms.

And that the Numbers, upon the Poll, were thus;

For Mr. Rowe, - -31 Voices.

For Mr. Courtny, - - 20 Voices.

But that, it was testified by Peter Staply, That as to Seven that polled for Mr. Rowe, they were not Housekeepers.

One of which only w as justified by Mr. Rowe.

It was further testified, That this Election was managed by one John Atwell on the Part of Mr. Rowe j who had offered Six Pounds apiece to those that w ould vote for Mr. Rowe.

That Thomas Riccard testified, That he was present the Evening after the Election, when his Father, and Eleven others, that voted for Mr. Rowe, received Five Pounds apiece, that is, Three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence in Silver; and a Guinea, which was said to be for their Wives.

That John Soper said, he had Three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence, and a Guinea for his Wife; and saw Rwhard Ewstace's Wife, and Roger Mancaroes Daughter, received the like: And that this Money was paid the Morrow after the Election.

That John Atwell, being examined, said, What Money he paid was for Meat and Drink, and Tobacco; and many he had paid said, They were not yet satisfied; and that he promised no Money before the Election.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Anthony Rowe, Esquire, and his Agents, are guilty of Bribery, in his endeavouring to be elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Anthony Rowe, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell.

' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Humfry Courtney, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

6 C Resolved

Earl of

Salisbury'!

Estate.

Preventing Fires at Marlbrough.

Earl of

Torrington

heard.

Committee*.

Leave for Members to attend Lords

Aulnage

Duty.

Grantham’s

Estate.

470 1 2° — 13® Novemhris.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee and discharging: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill in the said Resolution, That Anthony Rowe, Esquire, and to charge his Estate with Two thousand five hundred his Agents, are guilty of Bribery, in his endeavouring Pounds for Payment of Debts; whereof Two thousand to be elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament Pounds was charged uptrn the said Estate precedent to for the Borough of Mitchell. his Settlement thereof.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com- accordingly, mittee in the said Resolution, That Anthony Rxnve, Esquire,

is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Par- A Petition of sundry Merchants, Linehdrapers, Silk- East India liament for the Borough of Mitchell. men, Silkthrowers, Druggists, Salters, and other Traders,

The Third Resolution being read a Second time; and who used to deal with the East India Company, was

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com- presented to the House, mittee in the said Resolution, That Humfry Courtny, Ordered, That the Petition of the East India Com- Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present pany, formerly presented to this House, and the said Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell. Petition against the said Company, be read upon Tues-

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this day Morning next House Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the

Borough of Mitchell, to amend the same. A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, was read the First Insolvent

time. Debtors.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Francklyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, The Clerk of the Crown attended, and amended the New Radnor An Act for the limiting the Power of James now Earl of Return for the Borough of New Radnor, by rasing out Mitchell Salisbury, to cut off the Intail of his Estate; to which the Name of Sir Rowland and inserting the Name ^["4.

they desire the Concurrence of this House. of Robert Harley, Esquire, in the stead thereof: And

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, sent up to them also amended the Return for the Borough of from this House, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Cover- by rasing out the Name of Antho. Row, Esquire, and ing of Houses, and other Buildings, with Thatch or inserting the Name of Courtney, Esquire, in the

Straw, in the Town of Marlbrough in the County of stead thereof.

Wilts, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew. Sir Wm. Poultny reports from the Committee to whom Wesinu.-

the Bill for paving and Cleansing the Streets in the City ster,&c. The House being informed, that the Earl of Towing- and Liberty of Westminster, and Out Parishes in the Pavui* ton was in the Lobby of the House, according to the County of Middlesex, and Borough of Southwark, within Order of Yesterday; , the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for regulating the

His Lordship was brought in to the House, by the Haymarket at Charing Cross, in the Parish of St. -Serjeant with the Mace, to a Chair, set for him within tins in the was committed; That they had agreed

the Bar, on the Left hand of the House, as he came in: upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which

And, having sit down thereon, for some time, covered ;9 they had directed him to report to the House: And which and the Mace being laid upon the Table; his Lordship’ he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the arose, and stood at the Back of the Chair, uncovered; Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read through-and was heard before the House. out; and then a Second time, one by one: And with an

After which his Lordship withdrew; the Mace attend- Amendment made to some of the said Amendments, the ing him. same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 13° die Novembris;

2s Gulielmi Marios.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Finch, have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Row and Gwyn.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Matter touching the Aulnage, is referred, be made upon Saturday Morning next

A Petition of Vincent Grantham, Esquire, was read; setting forth. That, upon the Petitioner’s Marriage with Margaret his Wife, he settled the Manor of Goltho, and other Lands, on himself for Life; and after his Death, charged the same with Two hundred- and Fifty Pounds per Annum to her for Life; and the Remainder of the whole Estate was settled on their Sons in Tail, with a Power to the Petitioner to make a Lease for Ninety-nine Years, to raise a Thousand Pounds for Daughters; and Annuities of Fifty Pounds apiece for younger Sons: That of Three thousand One hundred Pounds, charged on the said Estate, before it came to the Petitioner, he hath paid One thousand One hundred Pounds; whereby, and by the Petitioner’s buying in an Annuity thereon charged, he is become much indebted; which he is desirous of paying off, 19

A Petition of the Lord Chief Justice Pollexfen, and Prideaux’. others, Trustees for the Children and Creditors of the late Lord Jeffryes, was read; setting forth, That they r

being informed of a Bill brought iu to this House, for charging the Estate of the Lord Jeffryes in Com. Leicester with the Payment of Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds to Edmund Prideaux, Esquire, together with Interest, and praying to be heard, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, in pursuance of the Trust reposed in them, to offer Reasons against the Bill.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard at the Bar of the House against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Bill for suspending, during the War, Act of Navi-with France, that Part of the Act of Navigation which f*gC°t"nre‘ obliges English Ships to sail with English Seamen, be English read Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock; and nothing Seamen, to intervene.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskyns and Scroope'*

Sir Adam Ottley; Estate*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled,

An Act for vesting divers Lands in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of certain Debts of Saintleger Scroope,

Esquire, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House do now resolve itself into a Sup^y Bill; Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Exci,e*

further

Navy and Army Estimates, &c.

Prideaox's Claim on Lord Jeffry es.

| Mildmay’s i Estate.

Mountague’s

Estate*

Wye and Lugg Navigation.

13° — 14® Novembris.

471

further Consideration of the Bill for doubling the Excise.

And the House resolved iritO a Cottimittee of the whole House accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the said Committee, That they had made a considerable Progress in the Bill: And that they had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Committees to whom the Estimates and Accompts relating to the Army, Navy, and Treasury, are referred, be revived; and sit this Afternoon: And, that Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Harly, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Tayler, Sir Jos. Williamson, Mr. Harly, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Braver, Sir Robert Cotton, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for charging the Estate of the late Lord in

Leicestershire, with Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, and Interest, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 14* die Novembris;

2* Gulielmi ct Marias.

Prayers.

A BILL to enable Hen. M Esquire, to sell some Copyhold Lands for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Price reports from the Committee to whom the Bill to enable Mrs. Eliz. M Widow, to make

Leases, for Years, of Houses and Grounds in Stepney, was committed, They had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the more effectual making the Rivers of Wye and Lugg navigable, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Birch, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Christie, Mr Mr.

Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Blawfeild, Mr. dolph, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Serjeant Mr.

Brockman^ Mr. Fe/ru'ick, Sir Rob. Nappier, Sir Cha.

Keymis , Sir Rich.Hart, SirTTto. Haslerigg, Mr. Price, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir RalphCat're, Mr. Freke, Mr. England, Mr. Clerke, Sir Wm. Lem man, Mr. Pelham, Major Vincent, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Slater, Sir Jen. Elves, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Francklyn, Mr. John vynj Mr. Arnold, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bvrdet, Air. and all that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Hereford, Monmouth, and WorcesterAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. X.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Common Council, Wye and Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Town of Monmouth in Lu?S Nav»-the County of Monmouth, was read; setting forth, That eution*

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the more effectual making the Rivers Wye and Lugg navigable, is committed.

A Petition of the Freeholders and other Inhabitants of the Hundred of Wormlmv in the County of Hereford, and Parts adjacent, was read; setting forth, That #.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the more effectual making the Rivers of Wye and Lugg navigable, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Alorn- Tryals for ing next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Treason, mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Regulating of Tryals in Cases of Treasons.

A Bill to suspend, during the War with France, that Act of Part of the Act of Nav igation which obliges English Ships Navigation to sail with English Seamen, was read the First time. Englis^Sea-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. men.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of Excise, the Bill for doubling the Excise.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the said Bill:

And that they had directed him to move the House, That they might have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Alorning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Punishing whom the Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers who "nd

shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, and for ser lon' punishing false Alusters, is committed, be made upon Monday Alorning next.

Air. Fox presented to the House, an Accompt relating Army to tire Army: The 1 itle whereof was read; and is as Accompts. followeth; vis.

" An Accompt or Abstract of Monies received and paid from the Fifth of June to the First Oct. .1690, for the Use of the Army in Ireland."

Also, the Lord Rantlaghpresented to the House, another Accompt relating to the Army: The Title whereof was read; and is as followeth; viz.

" An Accompt of the Pay of his Majesty’s Dutch Forces computed lor a Aionth; and also, ol what is due to clear them, according to the said Computations, to the First of Oct. 1690,"

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accompts be referred to the Committee to whom the Estimates and Accompts relating to the Army, and Navy, and Treasury, are referred: And that Air. Slater and Air. be added to the said Committee.

A Bill for the better preventing the Importation of Importing Bone Lace and Point Lace, was, according to Order, L«e. presented to the House; and received.

A Petition of John Shales, Esquire, was read; setting Commissary forth, That the Petitioner, officiating as Commissary Ge- Shales’ Peti-neral for the Provisions for the Army in Ireland, was, Third t*on* December 1689, seized and confined at , his Pa-

pers seized, his Office put into other Hands, and himself and Family totally disgraced and ruined, in consequence of some Votes and Addresses of the Parliament then in

being

French Bay Salt.

Woollen . Manufacture.

Macclesfield’s Estate*

Manware-in^s Estate.

Bernadis-toji s Estate.

Ditto.

47 2 140 — 150 Novembris. 1690.

being to his Majesty: That he sent a Letter to the then Speaker, Mr. Powle, desiring the same might be read to the House: Which was granted; as also Leave on his Petition to come to Westminster to pursue his Vindication; and hopes the House will be of Opinion, That the Petitioner ought to be publickly heard to so publick an Accusation, being ready to submit to the Censure of this House, if any Crime can be made out against him: Or, if he shall appear to have suffered upon malicious and false Suggestions, the Petitioner hopes he shall be publickly acquitted by the House, and in some measure, repaired: And praying to be heard before the House, in such Time and Manner as they shall think fit, touching the said Accusation against him.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Estimates and Accompts relating to the Army, Navy, and Treasury, are referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Slater, Mr. Mr. Chaffin,

Sir Fra. Drake, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the preserving French Bay Salt, taken as Prize, for the Use of the Navy, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray, Sir Tho. Littleton, be added to the Committee to whom it is referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for the better encouraging the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 15° die

2* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

ABIL L to enable Ralph to sell Lands

for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Child, was read the First tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to vest the Freehold and Inheritance of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Chester, of Thomas Manwareing, Gentleman, in certain

Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to free the Estate of Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Baronet, from several Incumbrances, occasioned by a Judgment heretofore given against him, upon an Information in the Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Mr. -Ettrick, Sir Jos. Williamson, Sir pon, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Pelham, Sir Cha.Bloys, Sir7%o. Clarges, Mr. Papillion, Sir

Rob. Rich, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Clarke, Sir Jerv. Elwes, Mr. Bloufeild, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Chadwick,

Air. B'uldulph, Mr. England, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir. Walt.

Young, Mr. Beare, Mr. Hawtiy, Sir Edxv. Hussey, Lord Sherrard, Mr. Foley, Mr. Price, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Kynastm, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Tho. Travel/, Colonel

Austen, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Sir J Air. Mansell, Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Christie, Mr. Buscaxven, Mr. Slater, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Sir

Tho. Bernadiston:And they are to meet this Afternoon

at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir John Barker, Baronet, a Alember of this House, was read; setting forth, That, by the Bill brought into the House by Sir Sam. Bernadislon, there are many Clauses which will prejudice the Petitioner's Estate, without any Reason; And the Petitioner lying under an Indisposition of Sickness, and praying the House to take

his Case into Consideration, and not suffer the said Bill to pass, till he shall be in such a Condition of Health as to be able to attend his Duty in this House, to make his just Exceptions to the Bill; or otherwise, that a Clause may be inserted therein, to secure the Petitioner and his Estate.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill to free the Estate of Sir Sant. Bernadistonfrom several Incumbrances,

occasioned by a Judgment heretofore given against him, upon an Information in the Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, is committed.

The House being informed, that Sir Tho. Bernadiston, Baronet, a Alember of this House, was concerned in the said Bill; and desired to be heard touching the same;

Ordered, That the said Sir Tho. Bernadiston be heard before the said Committee also, touching the said Bill.

A Petition of George White, Administrator of Samuel While, deceased, against the East India Company, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read, when the Petition of the East India Company, formerly presented to the House, shall be read.

A Petition of John and Thom. , Owners of the

Ship Bristol/, of London, against the East India Company, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read, when the Petition of the East India Company, formerly presented to the House, shall be read.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the limiting the Power of James, now Earl of Salisbury, to cut off the Intail of his Estate, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Samuell Hcniing, Gentleman, and John Heming, Apothecary, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read, when the Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the limiting the Power of Janies, now Earl of Salisbury, to cut off the Intail of his Estate, shall be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Alatter touching the Aulnage was referred, be made upon Tuesday Alorning next, at Ten a Clock.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for doubling the Excise.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the said Bill; and had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again on Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, on Monday Alorning next, at Eleven a Clock, retolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Sir James Rushout have Leave to go into the Country to the Bath, for Six Weeks, for his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Rich, Lord Wm. Pawlet, Sir Hum. Forster, Mr. Phil.Foley, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Thomson, Sir Peter Colleton, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Clerke, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for freeing the Estate of Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Baronet, from several Incumbrances, occasioned by a Judgment heretofore given against him, upon an Information in the Court of King’s Bench, is committed.

Ordered, That Air. Brockman, Mr. Thomson, Sir Strickland, be added to the Committee to whom it is

referred

East India Company.

Ditt*.

Earl of

Salisbury’*

Estate.

Aulnaga

Duty.

Supply Bill; Excise.

Leave of Absence.

Barnadis-ton’s Estate.

Making Militia useful.

Prideaux's Claim on Lord Jeffry es*

Privilege,

Baines'

Estate,

SheatVs

Estate.

Clandestine

Marriages.

B agnail's Estate.

Bullion.

2 W. &M. 150 — 170 N. 473

referred to prepare and bring itt a Bill for regulating and making the Militia of this Kingdom more useful.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer, Mr. Leung, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for charging the late Lord Jeffryes Estate in Lei with Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, and Interest, to Edmund Prideaux, Esquire, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight* of the Clock.

Lung, IT die

20 Gulieljni et Alariae.'

Prayers.

A COMPLAINT being made to the House, by aY. the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, That one Thom. Greenvile, a Bailiff, had arrested Arthur colson, a Messenger daily attending this House; and had caused him to be put into the Dungeon of the Gatehouse Prison, Westminster; in Breach of the Privileges of the House;

Ordered, That the said Thomas Greenvile be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go and demand the said Messenger at the Gatehouse.

A Bill for the vesting several Houses within the City of London, late the Estate of John Baines, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Thomas She to sell some Lands for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife, according to an Agreement, w-as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for preventing clandestine Marriages, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Christopher Musgrave, Colonel Granvile, Mr. Christie, Mr. Foley, Serjeant Wogan, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Brewer, Sir

Tho. Darcy, Sir Cha. B/oys, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Price, Mr. England, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Blow)did, Sir John Jennings, Mr. Fcnwidc, Mr. Taylcr, Sir Rob. Mr.

Foley, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Mr. Russell, Mr.

Mr. Hutchinson, Sir John Key, Colonel Sir

James Long, Sir Matth.Andrews, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Bock-

enham. Sir John Guise, Mr. Brockman, Air.

Air. Bcdding/eild, Mr. Dyotl, Mr. Waller, Sir Jew.

Elzces, Lord Cor ninny, Mr. Gray, Sir Tho. Haslerig, Mr. Ilenley, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Neale, Colonel Birch,

Air. Clerkx, Sir IVm. Ellis, Sir Win. Cooke, Mr. Pelham,

Air. Burdet, Sir Sam.Bernadiston, Mr. Periy: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers and Records: And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That they do provide by the said Bill, that all clandestine Marriages shall be void.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act against the Exporting of Gold or Silver, and melting down the Coin of this Realm.

Ordered, That Air. Neale do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke, and Mr. Keck;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, chaiftbre’*. An Act for Naturalizing of Francis de la Chambre, and &c. Nat. others; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And also

An Act to enable Philip Hildeyard, Esquire, to sell Hildeyard'a Lands in Surrey, and to settle Lands in Lincolnshire, in Estate, lieu thereof; To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords have agreed to all the Amendments Comnrissi-sent up from this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act oners of Ad-concerning the Commissioners of the Admiralty; and miralty’&c* also to the Bills concerning David Bigg, Esquire, and George Vilet, Esquire, without any Amendments.

Air. Henry Herbert acquainted the House, That he EarlTorring-had a Paper, signed by the Earl of Torrington, to present ton's Relation to the House from the said Earl, being his Lordship’s of Sea En* Relation of the Engagement at Sea against the French: ^aeemeilt‘ Which he delivered in at the Table: Where the same tvas read.

Ordered, That the Books of the Overseers of the Poor Cirencester for the Town of Cirencester in the County of Gloucester Election, be forthwith left with the Clerk of this House by John How, Esquire, or such other Person as hath the same; that the same may be inspected, by the Parties concerned, in the Hearing, which is to be at the Bar of this House, touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cirencester aforesaid.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of 1116 Supply Bill; whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of Excise, the Bill for doubling the Excise.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General took the Chair of the' Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill;

And that they had directed him to move the House, tjiat they might have leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for doubling the Excise; and nothing to inter- vene.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Punishing whom the Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers, wffio Mutiny and shall mutiny or desert their Majesties’ Service, and for Desertion, punishing false Alusters, is committed, be made upon Wednesday Alorning next at Ten a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Bill to bar a Remainder limited to Dudley Baghall, Esquire, in the Estate of Nich. Bagnall, Esquire, in Ireland, be read Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for the discouraging the Exportation of Bullion, and encouraging the Importation thereof, and converting the same into the Coin of this Realm, was read the Third time. And

An Amendment being proposed to be made therein, in Press *, Line #, by leaving out the Words " Four;" and, instead thereof, inserting " Five;" the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Vqi,. A.

Ordered, That the Hearing of the Alatter touching the - Preston Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament Election, for the Borough of Preston in Lancashire, which was ordered to be upon Wednesday Alorning next, be put off, and heard on Thursday Alorning-next, at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Burrough-vileges and Elections, touching the Election of Burgesses Jj^edc^on for the Borough of Burroughbridge, in the County of Yorke, be made Tomorrow Alorning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Great Mar-Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the low Election.

6 D Borough (

Committees.

Debtors

Escapes.'

Mountague’s

Estate.

Scroope’s

Estate#

Roberts*

Estate.

Haber-

dashers

Charity.

Private Bills.

Baguali's

Estate.

474

17° — 18° Novembris.

/ ' e

A, 1690.

Borough of Great Marlorw, in the County Berks be made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees, except the Committee for preparing the Bill for regulating and making the Militia of this Kingdom more useful, and the Committee to whom the Estimates and Accompts relating to the Army, Navy and Treasury are referred, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow.

Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 18° die Novembris;

2° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

ABIL L for the better preventing the Escapes of Prisoners for Debt; and for the more effectual Relief of the Subject, in Cases of Escapes; was, according to Order, presented to the House; and received.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Eliz. Mountague, Widojv, to make Leases for Years, of Houses and Ground in Stepney in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Elis. Mountague, Widow, to make Leases for Years, of Houses and Ground in Stepney in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Price do carry the said Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of certain Debts of Leger Scroope, Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Rich. Roberts, and his Wife, was read; setting forth, That by a Settlement heretofore made by the Petitioner, he settled the Manor of Thorpe Langton, in Com. Leicester, with all other his Lands, upon himself

for Life; and Part thereof to Ann his Wife for her Jointure; and the Whole upon his Sons in Tail: But that, since the Settlement, the Petitioner hath contracted several Debts; and hath Issue several Children: And being desirous to pay the said Debts, and to raise Portions for Daughters out of his Lands, having no other Ways to raise the same, and praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

A Petition of the Masters and Wardens of the Company of Haberdashers, London, was read; setting forth, That Robert Aske, Esquire, late Citizen and Haberdasher of London, having, by his Will, devised to the Petitioners

Twenty thousand Pounds, therewith to erect an Hospital for the Maintenance of Twenty decayed Freemen of the said Company, and of Twenty of poor Freemens Sons: And, being advised, the Trust, so reposed in them, cannot be so well managed without an Act of Parliament for the better Management of the said Hospital, and praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the better ordering the said Charity.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That no more private Bills be brought in to this House this Session, until such as are already brought in, or ordered to be brought in, be dispatched, except a Bill for reversing a Judgment against John Arnold, Esquire in thd King's Bench.

Ordered, That Mr. Bagnall's Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges Kurrough-and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter touching £i^on# the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Burroiighbrigg in the County of Yorke, the State of the Case as it appeared to the Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table in Writing: where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Brian Stapleton, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Christopher Vane, Esquire, for Burrowbridge;

That on the Behalf of the Petitioner it was proved,

That he had Thirty-seven Voices; which was more than the Number that voted for Mr. Vane.

That for the Sitting Member, no Poll was proved; but they only produced the Return.

Upon which the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Christopher Vane, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Burrowbridge.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Brian Stapleton is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of rowebridge.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with’ the Committee in the said Resolution, That Christopher Vane,

Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Burrowbridge.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Brian Stapleton is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Burrowbridge.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the Borough of Burrowbridge in the County of Yorke, to amend the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Ease of better Ease of Sheriffs in passing their Accompts, and in Sheriff*, the Execution of their Office: and it is recommended to Mr. Harley, to prepare the same.

A Bill for the better preventing the Importation of importing; Bone Lace, and Point Lace was read the First time. Law*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Help of Creditors, Bankrupts, in Cases of Bankruptcy, be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to suspend, during the War with France, that Act of Na-Part of the Act of Navigation, which obliges English vigation Ships to sail with English Seamen, w’as read the Second respecting

time. Seamen*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rob. Da- " vers, Mr. Haw try, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir,

Mr. Papillion, Mr. Boivyer, Sir Tho. Mr.

lexfen, Sir Jos. Heme, Mr. Holt, Mr. S ir Rich.

Onslow, Mr. Brochnan, Sir Peter Colleton, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Clei'ke, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Mr. Lord

Ranelagh, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Rob. Rich, Lord Mr. Gwyn, Major Vincent, Lord Falkland, Sir Rich. Hart,

Mr. Femcick, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr.

Sir Bay. Norland, Mi Perry, Sir Temple, Sir

Ellis, Mr. England, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Freeman, Mr.

Hedger, Mr. Harwtry, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Chancellor Exchequer, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Cooke, Colonel Birch, Sir Thomson, Mr.

Chadwick, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sand ford, Mr.

Arnold, Mr. Greenvile, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Brereton, Sir

Cha.Wyndham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That they leave

22 out

Furnishing

Seamen.

T. Williams' Estate.

Petworth

Vicarage.

18° — i o° Nove475

out all the Clause touching Foreign-built Ships, except such as shall be licensed by his Majesty in Council for bringing in Stores for the Use of their Majesties Navy, and no other.

A Bill for the more speedy and effectual furnishing his Majesty’s Navy in Time of War with Seamen, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Lacon William C/iild:

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for raising Money out of the Estate of Thom. Williams, Esquire, deceased, by letting Leases, and otherwise, for the more speedy Payment of his Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this Llouse.

And also a Bill, intituled, An Act for the uniting the Parsonage of Petworth in the County of Sussex unto the Bishoprick of Chichester: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Matter touching the Aulnage was referred, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Petition of the East India Company, and the Petitions against the said Company, which have been presented to the House, be read upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Edon, Mr. Lasccl/s, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Thornhaugh,'Sir Win. Cooke, Mr.

Mr. White, Mr. Holt, Sir Gilb. Clarke, Mr.

Mr. Stockdale, be added to the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the poor Prisoners of the King's Bench Prison for Debt, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Harly, Mr. Thornhaugh, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the more effectual making the Rivers Wye and Lugg navigable is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Harly, Mr. be added to the

Committee to whom the Consideration of the Petition of Sarah Knowles, is referred.

Newport

Writ.

The Lord Cheney being elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newportin the County of Cornwall, and also for the Borough of Harwich in the County of Essex; and now making his Election to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the room of the said Lord Chenie.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Perry, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for charging the late Lord Jeffries' Estate in Leicestershire with Fourteen thousand Seven hundred Sixty Pounds, and Interest, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Malle's, See. A Petition of Lawrence Malle, and others, Tenants of Petition. the Manor of Natgrave in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House.

Royal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, to Bills. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers immediately;

And accordingly Mr. Speaker and the House went up to attend his Majesty: And being returned,

Mr. Speaker reports, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to Four Bills; viz.

An Act concerning the Commissioners of the Admiralty.

An Act to prohibit the Covering of Houses, and other Buildings, with Thatch or Straw, in the Town of -trough in the County of Wilts.

An Act to vest divers Messuages and Tenements, the Estate of David Bigg, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money to be raised thereby in the Purchase of Lands more to his Convenience, to be settled to the same Uses.

An Act to vest the Manor and Lands late of George Vilet, Esquire, in Trustees to be sold, for raising Portions for his Daughters.

Supply Bill; Then the House according to the Order of the Day, Excie^. resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for the doubling the Excise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed . him to make his Report thereof, with the Amendments made by the Committee.

Ordered, That the Report of the said Bill be made Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Vol. X.

Mercurii, 19* die Novembris;

2° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, LandOwners, and Farmers of the County of Suffolke, was read; setting forth, That, by an Act made 140 Car. IP1, Provision is made for the reforming Abuses in Weighing and false Packing of Butter, and the Weight and Goodness of Butter ascertained and secured; but that no' Care is taken for the ascertaining the Goodness of Cheese; for want of which the Cheesemongers in London have of late Years encouraged the Fanners to make Flett Cheese, whereby the Quantity of Butter sold with such Cheese is increased to Four Firkins in a Load; but the Cheese thereby becomes only fit for Slaves; from whence the Commodity is grown into Disrepute, and, if not prevented, will become a general Prejudice: And that the Cheesemongers in London, contrary to the Act, have appointed, in all Sea Ports of the said County, Officers-, who oftentimes after the said Commodities so bought by the Factors at the Sellers Houses, and by them searched, weighed up, and approved of, do take upon them to weigh and search the same again at the Port; and, without any just Pretence, finding Fault therein, do often, in an arbitrary Manner, set Rates of Allowance and Defalcation of the Goods; which the Petitioners refusing to allow and pay, they threaten to and have often indicted the Petitioners, to their great Damage and Prejudice: And praying. That a Bill may be brought in for the remedying the Abuses in Weighing and false Packing of Butter; and also of the Abuses in Making and Weighing of Cheese.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill for reducing Interest of Money from Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum to Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum be read upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered,

Aulnage

Duty.

East India Company.

King’s Bench Prison.

Wye and Li'gg

Navigation.

Knowles’

Petition.

Prideaux’s Claim on Lord Jeffries.

Committees.

Butter and

Cheese

Trade.

Reducing

Interest.

Persons in custody to be brought to a Committee.

Bagnall's

Estate.

Hutchinson’s

Estate.

Hildyard’s

Estate.

Burrough-bridge Return amended.

Reversing

Judgment

against

Arnold.

'Westminster fee. Paving.

i ^* — 20° Novembris. A. 1690.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Marshai of the King's Bench, to bring in Custody Anne Viscountess of Baltingla Edw. Eve, John Philpot, and John Harrison, being Prisoners in the said King's Bench Prison, Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four of the Clock, before the Committee to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the poor Prisoners of the King's Bench Prison for Debt, is referred; and, after their Examination before the said Committee, to be remanded.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do. issue his Warrant to the Warden of the Fleet, to bring in Custody William Conley, Moses Pitt, and Sir Jeremiah Smwe, being Prisoners in the said Fleet, Tomorrow at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, before the Committee to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the poor Prisoners of the King's Bench Prison for Debt, is referred; and, after their Examination before the said Committee, to be remanded.

A Bill to bar a Remainder limited to Dudley Esquire, of the Estate of Nicholas Bagnall, Esquire, in Ireland, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Rob. Cotton, Lord Buckly, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Brewer, Sir Wm. Leman, Mr. England, Mr. Buckly, Sir Rice Rudd, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Burret, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Christie,

Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Blow-feild, Mr. Cooke, Sir Tho. Da Mr. Mr.

Ryder, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Freke, Mr. Freeman, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Sam. Bemadiston: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to vefet a Leasehold and Copyhold Estate of John Hutchinson, and his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, was according to Order, presented to the House; and received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Philip Hildyard, Esquire, to sell Lands in

Surrey, and to settle Lands in Lincolnshire, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and amended the Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Burroughbridg in the County of Yorke, by rasing out the Name of Christopher Vane, Esquire, and inserting, instead thereof, the Name of Sir Brian Stapleton, Baronet.

A Bill for reversing a Judgment against John Arnold, Esquire, in the Court of King’s Bench, was presented to the House; and received.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes in the County of Middlesex, and in the Borough of Southwarke, and other Places within the weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey, and for regulating the Hay market at,

Charing Cross.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Poultny do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of Supply Bill; the whole House, to whom the Bill for doubling the Ex- Excise, cise was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Election of Presto* Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Election. Borough of Preston in the County of Lancaster, be heard at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock.

Resolved, That the House will, Tomorrow Morning Ways and at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Sir John Guise reports from the Committee to whom Punishing the Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall Mutiny and mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, and for pu- ^e8ertion* nishing false Musters, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill:

Which they had directed him to report to the House:

And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and then delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch, and Sir Cha. Porter, have Leave for Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause, be- Members to tween Johnson and Bromhall.

attend Lords.

Ordered, That Sir John Key, Major Vincent, be ad- Raising ded to the Committee to whom it is referred to hear Revenue by and examine the Proposals of Percival Gen- Flnes>&c*

tleman, for raising the Revenue of the Crown by Fines and Forfeitures, and Disposition of Offices.

An ingrossed Bill for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and Westminster and Suburbs, and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes in the County of Middlesex, and in the Borough of and other

Places within the weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey, and for regulating the Haymarket at Charing Cross, was jead the Third time.

And an ingrossed Proviso was offered as a Rider; That it shall be lawful for every Person to send his Cart out of the Country to bring Coals from Wharfs home.

And the same was read the First time;

And the Question being put, That the said Proviso be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Proviso was offered as a Rider; That the Act shall not extend to any the Streets or Places of Southwarke, which are within the Jurisdiction of the

Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London:

And the same was read the First time:

Ordered, That Sir John Parsons, Mr. Norreis, Mr. Prideaux’s Parker, Sir Phil. Skippon, Mr. Ogle, Sir Wm. Forster, Pai

Sir Rich. Standish, Dr. Barbon, be added to the Com- Je ^ts‘ mittee to whom the Bill to charge the late Lord Leicestershire Estate with the Sum of Fourteen thousand Seven hundred Sixty Pounds, with Interest, to Edmund Pridcaux, Esquire, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jot is,20" die Novembris; 20 Gulielmi et Marise.

Prayers.

And the Question being put, That the said Proviso R That the Bills for regulating Hackney Hackney be read a Second time; ' 'J Coaches be read on Monday Morning next. Coacht*.

Ordered,

2 W. & M.

20° — 2i° N

477

Debtors Ordered, That the Bill for the better Preventing of

Escapes. Escapes of Prisoners, and better Relief of the Subject in Cases of Escapes, be read upon Saturday Morning next.

Privilege — Thomas Greenfeild, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms

A Person dis- attending this House, upon a Complaint of a Breach of charged from prjviiege by him committed, in arresting ANicholson, y* a Messenger belonging to this House, having by his Petition made his humble Acknowledgment of his Offence, and begged the Pardon of this House; and he being, according to Order, brought to the Bar of this House, in order to his Discharge; and making his Submission upon his Knees;

Ordered, That the said Tho. be discharged

out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Chambre's, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act &c. Nat. for the Naturalization of Francis de la Chambre, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committee*.

Leave for Member to attend Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Greenfeild have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between the Attorney General and Jones.

Preston

Election.

Then foe Matter touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Preston in the County of Lancaster came on to be heard at the Bar of this House, both upon the Petition of Tho. Patten, Esquire; complaining of the Election and Return of Robert Lord Willoughby of Eresby to serve as a Burgess for the said Borough; and upon the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Majority of the Aldermen, Common Council, and Capital Burgesses of the said Borough: And, after Counsel called in on both Sides, and heard;

They being withdrawn;

Resolved, That Robert Lord Willoughby of Eresby was ' duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Preston in the County of Lancaster.

Preston Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Preston in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Robert Lord Willoughby of Eresby, who is called up to the House of Lords.

Cooke’s A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and

Estate. Sir Rob. Legard:

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Enabling of Trustees to sell certain Lands of Richard Cooke, - deceased, to pay Debts, and raise a Portion for his Daughter: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Punishing Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Mutiny and whom the Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers who Desertion. sha.ll mutiny or desert their Majesties Service, and for ' punishing false Musters, was committed, be considered Tomorrow Morning at Nine a Clock.

Ways and Means.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

persons in Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Custody to be House do bring Mr. John Price, and Mr. Rice Vaughan, examined. who are in his Custody, to the Committee ot Privileges and Elections, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, to be examined as Witnesses: And that afterwards they be remanded.

East India Ordered, That the Petition of the East India Corn-Company. pany, and the Petitions against the said Company, which have been presented to this House, be read upon Saturday Morning next.

Vol. X.

A Bill for the settling a Charity given to the Haber- Haberdashers Company by Robert Aske, Esquire, deceased, dasher’* was presented to the House; and received. anty‘

And then the House adjourped till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris,21* die Novembris;

2° Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

A BILL to enable John Rosseler, Esquire, to sell R0Sseter’s Lands for Payment of Debts, was, according to Estate. Order, presented to the House; and received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Price, one of the Coroners of the privilege. County of Cardigan, Thomas Lezcis, John Knolles, Gentlemen, and Rice Vaughan, Gentleman, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, upon a Complaint of a Breach of Privilege committed against Sir Carbury Price, Baronet, a Member of this House, was read; setting forth, That they were taken into Custody for having entered upon the Mines of Sir Carbury Price; but that upon Examination of the Matter, they hope to make‘it appear, That they are not guilty of any such Entry, or of any Breach of the Privileges of the House: That they have been put to'very great Expellees in a tedious Journey, and long Imprisonment, to the Ruin of some of the Petitioners: And praying the Matter may be examined, and the Petitioners heard at the Bar of this House concerning the same.

Ordered, That the Matter aforesaid be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of Sir Jcrvas Clifton, Baronet, was read; Bagnall’s setting forth, That by the Bill brought in to this House Estate, for enabling Nicholas Bagnallto dock the Intail ol his Estate, being near Two thousand Pounds per Annum, which is limited to Issue Male and Female, and in Default to his own Right Heirs: That the said Dudley, by Articles of Marriage, covenanted to give Seven thousand Pounds Portion with his Daughter to the Petitioner,

Three thousand Pounds thereof to be paid in Six Months next after he, or his Heirs, Should be in Possession of the said Nicholas Bagnall’s Estate; in lieu of which Portion, the Petitioner obliged himself to make a Settlement of Seven hundred Pounds per Annum, upon the Consideration whereof the said Marriage took Effect: And praying, That a Proviso may be added, That the Petitioner’s Three thousand Pounds may be paid him immediately after the said Nicholas's Death without Issue, by the Person who shall enjoy the said Estate.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred ‘ to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill to reverse a Judgment given against John Ar- Reversing mid, Esquire, in the Court of King’s Bench, was read Judgment the First time. against

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Arnold.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges Great and Elections, to whom w as referred the Matter touch- Marlow ing the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Election. Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow in the County of Bucks, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, in Writing: Where the same w as read; 'and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Ralph Buchtall, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Wm. Whitlock to serve in this present Parliament for

6 E the

21® — 22° Novembris

1690.

the Borough of Great Marlow in the County of Bucks ;.

That the Question was, of the Right of Election.

That the Petitioner insisting, the Right was in the Inhabitants and Housholders in Great Marlow in the County of Bucks, not receiving Alms:

That the Sitting Member insisting, the Right was only in such of the Inhabitants and Housholders, as paid Scotland Lot:

That, as the Poll was taken, the Numbers were thus;

' For Sir JVm. Whitlock - - 126

For Mr . Bucknall- - 171

That, on the Part of the Petitioner, were called Seth Ratcliffe, Com. Latimer, Thomas Cooper, Steph. Chase, John Tanner:Who spake as to several Elections; and testified, That the Election had been by the Inhabitants being Housholders, not receiving Alms, except one Election Anno 1680, by Scotland Lot Men only: And that the Persons now polled were called over by a List, agreed upon by the Candidates for that Purpose; and they did not hear, upon their being polled, any Exception to any, for not being Scotland Lot Men: And that the Petitioner was proclaimed by the Constables duly elected.

That, on the Part of the Sitting Member, were called Thomas Smith, Carlt. Whitlock, John Guy tonsWho testified, That, in regard of the Tumult, the Poll was to be taken of such as came; but was afterwards to be subjected to a Scrutiny.

And Mr. Whitlock testified, That he believed the Constables were prevailed upon by the Threats of the Bargemen, to declare the Petitioner duly elected: But afterwards, being satisfied, that the Sitting Member had the Majority of the Scotland Lot, declared the Sitting Member duly elected.

That John Law testified, That the Sitting Member had Seventy odd: That Mr. Bucbiall had Thirty-one or Thirty-two, that paid Scotland Lot

That, on Behalf of the Sitting Member, was also produced a Copy of the Journal of this House Twenty-first December 1680; wherein it is resolved, That the Inhabitants only, who pay Scotland Lot, had a Right to vote in Elections.

That upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in the Borough of Great Marlow in the County of Bucks, those Inhabitants only who pay Scotland Lot, have a Right to give Voices in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Wm. Whitlock is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, in the Borough of Great Marlow in the County of Bucks, those Inhabitants only who pay Scotland Lot, have a Right to give Voices in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Wm. Whitlock is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow.

Punishing Then the House took into Consideration the Report Mutiny and from the Committee to whom the Bill for punishing Officers Desertion, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, and desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters, was committed.

And the Amendments were once read throughout: And, upon the Second Reading of them, several of them were agreed unto, and others of them disagreed unto: And several other Amendments made by the House to the Bill.

And afterwards a Clause was offered to be made Bart of

25

the Bill, in relation to the Payment of Soldiers Quarters; z And the same was twice read; and several Amendments made therein by the House.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to the same Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, upon the Debate of the House; relating to the paying for the Quartering of Soldiers in their March; and for all Officers who receive Subsistence Money: And the said Committee is to meet at Five of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to sit de die in diem, till they have finished the same.

Ordered, That the Bill for Attainting of the Persons Attainting that are, or have been, in Rebellion in England or Ireland, Persons in and for confiscating their Estates, for applying the same Rebellion. to bear the Charge of the War, be brought in Tomorrow Morning by the Members to whom it was referred to prepare the same.

An ingrossed Bill for doubling the Excise, was read the Supply Bill; Third time. Excise.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made, Press 4,

Line 12, by leaving out " or either of them."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed upon by the House.

Also another Amendment was proposed to be made,

Press 5, Line .5, by inserting " Be it further Enacted."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider; That Vinegar, not passing through Rape, might be also charged with the Duties of Excise:

And the Question being put, That the same be read;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Proviso was also offered, as a Rider; That the Penalty of One hundred Pounds inflicted upon Persons for brewing, might not so be until after .# *.

And the Question being put, That the same be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for doubling the Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the Space of One Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the said Bill up to the Lords: and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Ways and at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mean*, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Aulnage whom the Matter relating to the Aulnage was referred. Duty, be made upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 22* die No; 2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

Q.ODFREY Roosen, and Charles Coke, took the Oaths appointed, at the Table, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the Officers, Seamen, and Workmen, in the surgeon* to Dock Yard at Portsmouth, was presented to the House, administer And the same relating to the Bill for enabling Surgeons Medicines, to administer internal Medicines, in Cases of Surgery;

Ordered, That the same be read, when the Matter touching the said Bill shall be heard at the Bar of this House. - -

A Bill for the better Preventing of Escapes in Prisoners, Debtors and better Relief of the Subject in Cases of Escapes, w^s Escapes, read the First time.

Resolved,

Preventing

Robberies.

Recovery of Tythes.

Reducing

Interest-

New Saram Election.

Ways and Means.

4

2 W. &M. 22°Nojvernbris. 4.79

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better securing the King’s Highways from Robbers, and Satisfying of Persons robbed, was presented to the House, according to Order; and received.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Christie, Mr. Bromly, Sir Ralph Carre, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Cotton, Mr. Beddmgfeild, Sir Cha. , Mr. Sir

Jerv. E/wes, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Blmv-

Jeild, Mr. Goldicell, Mr. HutchinsSir Sir

John Barker, Sir Roger Puleston, Sir Edu\ Seymour, Mr.

Greeujeild, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Burdet, Mr.

Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

phi/f, Mr. Brevier, Mr- Slater, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Tayler, Mr. Piggot, Sir IVm. Honeyrvood, Sir Rich. Sir

IVm. poultney, Mr. Brownlow, Mr. Hedger, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Chetuyn, Sir Sam.Mr. Waller, Mr. Kenyon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for reducing Interest of Money from Six Pounds per Cent, to Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum, be read upon Wednesday Morning next, Eleven a Clock.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of blew Sarum, the State of the Case, as it appeared to

the Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of William Wyndham, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Thomas Pitt, Esquire, to serve as a Citizen for New Sarum;

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Councilmen of New Sarum.

That the Case was thus upon the Pott;

Mr. Pitt had - - - 25]

Voices.

as

Mr. Windham ----- 23

That Five of Mr. Pitt's Voices were excepted to, being sworn after the publishing the Precept for the Election: which was upon the Twenty-seventh of February: But it appeared to the Committee, That they had been elected in September before; and that many others had stood out as long after the Election, before they came to be sworn: And that, when they were sworn, no Objection was made to them.

That thereupon the Committee came to a Resolution: Which Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Pitt, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of New Sarum.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thomas Pitt, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of New Sarum.

Then the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, was read.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the Mace, into Westminster and Court of Requests, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And the Serjeant, with the Mace, being returned;

The House resolved itself into n Committee of the Vol. X.

whole House, according to the said Order, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee. "

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon several Resolutions: \\'hich they had directed him to report to the House: Abd which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read;, and.are;as followeth; viz. . ‘

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty to be laid upon Linen do not extend to Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of the SpanishNetheflands, or of the United Provinces, not exceeding One English, Ell and Half-quarter in Breadth: But all of Two or Three Ells broad, to pay double or treble the Duty already charged, in Proportion to their Breadth.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty to be laid upon Grocery Wares do not extend to Mace, Cinnamon, Nutmegs, and Cloves.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty to be laid on Foreign Glass do not extend ' to Rhenish and Muscovya Window Glass.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That upon every Hundred Weight of Melasses containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds, imported after the Tenth November 1690, from any other Place than the English Plantations in America, there be laid an additional Duty of Eight Shillings, above what is now charged in the Book of Rates.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That____every Hundred Weight of Tallow, and Tallow

Candles, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds, imported after the Tenth November 1690, there be laid an additional Duty of Five Shillings, above what is now charged in the Book of Rates.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Pound of Beaver Wool cut and combed, imported after Tenth November 1690, except Wool combed in Russia, and imported from thence in English Ships, there be laid a Duty of Fifteen Shillings.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That upon every Barrel of Pot Ashes, containing Two hundred Weight, imported after the Tenth November 1690, there be laid an additional Duty of Eight Shillings, above what the same is now charged with in the Book of Rates; and so proportionally for any greater or lesser Quantity.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Hundred Weight of Cordage ready wrought, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds, imported after the Tenth November 1690,. there be laid an. additional Duty of Five Shillings, above what the same is now charged in the Book of Rates,

9. Resolved, That it is the Qpinjouof this Committee, That, upon every Ton of Olive, Oil, imported after the Tenth November 1690, there be laid an additional Duty of Four Pounds, above what the same is now charged with in the Book of Rates.

10. Resolved, That.. is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon all Paper imported after the Tenth of November 1690, there be laid the additional Duties following; that is to say, upon every Ream of Royal Paper Two Shillings; upon every Ream of Blue Paper, Demy Paper, and Painted Paper, One Shilling and Sixpence; upon every Bundle of Brown Paper, Tvjp-pence; for every Hundred Leaves of Pressing Paper, One Shilling, above what the same is now charged with in the Book of Rates; and upon all other Paper, so imported, as much more as what the same is now charged with in the Book of Rates.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Hundred Weight of Cable Yarn, containing a Hundred and Twelve Pounds, imported after the Tenth November 1690, there be laid an additional Duty

of

s

480

22* — 24* Nmembris.

A 1690.

Bagnall's

Estate.

of Five Shillings, above what is now charged in the Book of Rates.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Hundred Weight of Liquorice, contains a Hundred and twelve Pounds, imported after the Tenth November 1690, there be laid a Duty of Eighteen Shillings and Eight-pence; and upon every such Hundred Weight of Liquorice Powder, so imported, One Pound Seventeen Shillings and Four-pence; and, upon every Pound of Juice of Liquorice, One Shilling; and so proportionally for any greater or lesser Quantity.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Hundred Weight of Barilla, or Saffora, containing a Hundred and Twelve Pounds, imported after the Tenth November 1690, there be laid an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Six-pence, above what the same is now charged with in the Book of Rates.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon all Earthen Ware, not mentioned in the Book of Rates, imported after the Tenth November 1690, there . be laid a Duty of Two Shillings and Six-pence for every Twenty Shillings Value thereof.

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Hundred Weight of Starch, containing a Hundred and Twelve Pounds, imported after the Tenth November 1690, there be laid an additional Duty of Twenty Shillings, above what the same is now charged with in the Book of Rates.

16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Hundred Weight of Alum, containing a Hundred and Twelve Pounds, imported after the Tenth November 1690, there be laid an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Six-pence, above what the same is now charged with in the Book of Rates.

17. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Hundred Weight of Brimstone, containing a Hundred and Twelve Pounds, imported after the Tenth November 1690, there be laid an additional Duty of Four Shillings and Eight-pence, above what the same is now charged with in the Book of Rates.

The First Nine of the said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, one by one; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Tenth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out these Words, " upon every Hundred of Leaves of Pressing Paper, One ShillingAnd the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the said Resolution, so amended, agreed unto accordingly.

And the Seven latter gf the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, one by one; the same were, upon the Question severally'put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be given to their Majesties.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Mr. White, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Kingston, Mr. Chaffin, Mr. Dolben, Sir John Austin, Mr. be

added to the Committee to whom the Bill for barring a Remainder, limited to Dudley Esquire, in the

Estate of Nic. Bagnall, Esquire, in Ireland, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 24* die Novembris;

2° Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

I MO N Berenger took the Oaths appointed, at the Table, iir order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for the better ordering and settling a Charity Haber-given by Robert Ask, Esquire, deceased, to the Habq[- dashers dashers Company, London, was read the First time. Chanty.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to African whom it was referred to consider of the African Trade, Company, and how the same may be best settled for the Benefit of the Nation, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir John Knight, a Member of this House, and Mayor of the City of Bristoll, have Leave to make a Return of a Mandamus directed to him.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Preserving of Ship Timber in all the Forests

in England.

Leave for a Member to make a lte-turn of a Mandamus.

Preserving

Timber.

Ordered, That Sir John Guise, a Member, of this Leave for a House, and Mayor of the City of Gloucester, have Leave to make a Return of a Mandamus directed to him. turn of a

Mandamus.

A Petition of James Earl of Salisbury was read; set- Earl of ting forth, That there is a Bill come down from the Lords, Salisbury's for limiting the Petitioner’s Power to cut off' the Intail Estate, of his Estate; which, if suffered to pass, will prejudice the Petitioner, and deprive him of his Inheritance: And praying, before the Bill be read a Second time, he may be heard by his Counsel at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Earl of Salisbury be heard, by his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, before the said Bill be read the Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time on Friday Morning next.

A Petition of the Merchants trading to, and Planters Distillation concerned at, their Majesties Sugar Plantations, was pre- of Brandy, seated to the House.

And the same relating to the Bill for encouraging distilling of Brandy from Com;

Ordered, That the said Petition be read, when the said Bill comes to be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act petworth for the uniting the Parsonage of P in the County Vicarage, of Sussex under the Bishoprick of Chichester, was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Hackney Coaches Hackney be read on Friday Morning next Coaches.

Mr. Christie reports from the Committee to whom it Aulna<re was referred to consider of the Abuses in collecting the Duty.° Duty of Aulnage, and of a better Way for collecting the same; and to consider of a Compensation; and to report their Opinions therein to the House; That they had considered of the Matter to them referred; ana had agreed upon several Resolutions thereupon: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w ere read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Manner of collecting the Duty or Subsidy of Aulnage is very oppressive and burdensome to the Subject;

2 W. & M. 240

481

ject; and a great Discouragement to the Trade of the Woqlen Manufactures.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Imposition upon the Woolen Manufactures to be exported, according to the Rates hereafter mentioned, to be. laid and collected at the Custom-house, will be a sufficient Compensation to the Crown for the Duty or Subsidy of Aulnage; viz.

£. s.

For every Long Cloth - - 6

For every Short Cloth, according to the!

Book of Rates -/

6

3

and

: 17

4

8

__ ___x

— *

For every Minkin Bay -

For every Double Bay ——

For every Single Bay ——

For every Pound Weight of old and newj

Drapery, that, according to the Book of >-----

Rates, is entered, and pays by Weight -J For every Dozen of Mens Hose For every Dozen of Childrens Hose,

Ends of Hose - -

For every Hundred Goads of Cotton For every Hundred Yards of Flannel For every Hundred Yards of Frize - For every Pair of Blankets For every Rug -

And for all Sorts of Woolen, or Part Woolen Manufactures, that are chargeable by the aforesaid Statutes, or Book of Rates, which are not here before-mentioned, or included, do pay One Sixth Part more than they are chargeable by the said Statute, or Book of Rates, as aforesaid.

The First Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Manner of collecting the Duty or Subsidy of Aulnage is very oppressive and burdensome to the Subject, and a great Discouragement to the Trade of the Woolen Manufactures.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out "and for all Sorts of Woolen, or Part Woolen Manufactures,.that are chargeable by the aforesaid Statutes, or Book of Rates, which are not here before-mentioned, or included, do pay One Sixth Partmore than they are chargeable by the said Statute, or Book of Rates, as aforesaid." And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That an Imposition upon the Woolen Manufactures to be exported, according to the Rates hereafter mentioned to be laid and collected at the Custom-house, will be a sufficient Compensation to the Crown for the Duty or Subsidy of Aulnage; viz.

s.

d.

6

For every Long Cloth

For every Short Cloth, according to the"!_______

Book of Rates - - -J

For every Minkin Bay - For every Double Bay - -

For every Single Bay - -

For every Pound Weight of old and newj Drapery, that, according to the Book of

Rates, rs entered, and pays by Weight - J For every Dozen of Mens Hose For every Dozen of Childrens Hose andj

-----6

-----3

-I

6

4

8

Ends of Hose - For every Hundred Goads of Cotton For every Hundred Yards of Flannel For every Hundred Yards of Frize -

For every Pair of Blankets - f

For every Rug -

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions, for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house; and for given a Compensation to the Crown for the same.

Vol, X,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for Preservation of French Bay Salt, taken as Prize, from being destroyed, was committed, be made upon Wednesday Morning next, after the Bill for reducing Interest of Money from Six Pounds per Cent, to Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum, is read the Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Anchitell Gray have Leave to go into the Country for his Health.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon several Resolutions: Which they had directed hirrvto report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That , it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Duties laid upon Goods imported, and to be imported, be granted to their Majesties, for the Term of Five Years, to commence from the Tenth November 1690, and no longer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the First Year of the late King James, intituled, An Act for granting his Majesty an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported between the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1685, and the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1693; and by another Act, made in the same Year, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by an Imposi tien on all French Linen, and on all East India Linen, and several other Manufactures of India, and on all French Wrought Silks and Stuffs, and on all other Wrought Silks, and on all Brandies; imported after the First Day of July 1685, and before the First Day of July 1690; be continued until the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1696, and no longer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty imposed upon Tobacco, by an Act made in the First Year of the late King James, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Imposition upon all Tobacco and Sugar imported between the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1685, and the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1693, be continued until the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1696, and no longer.

And the said Resolutions being severally read a Second time;

They were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in for granting to their Majesties the several Duties and Impositions upon the several Heads resolved upon by the House: And it is recommended to Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, to prepare and bring in the same.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be given to their Majesties.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cardigan, be made upon Friday Morning next, at Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham in the County of Wilts, in the room of Rich. Kent, Esquire, deceased.

6 F A Message

French Baf Salt.

Leave of Absence.

Ways and Means.

Cardigan

EUetien.

Chippenham

Writ.

Serle’s

Estate.

Mountague’s

Estate;

Supply Bill; Excise.

Cooke's

Estate.

White’s

Petition.

Petitions from Hereford.

Army Debt

482 34° — 25 0 NoveA. 1690.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Keck;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the selling the Estate of Henry Serle, Esquire, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords have agreed to die Bill, sent up from this House, intituled, An Act to enable gue, Widow, to make Leases of Houses and Grounds, in Stepney in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendments.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for doubling the Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the Space of One Year.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

And a Motion being made for raising a Supply to be granted to their Majesties for Satisfaction of the said Debt;

Resolved,. That this Houss will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Punishing whom the Clause to be added to the Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert their ewrtlon* Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters, was committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Tryals for next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Treason, the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Regulating of Tryals in Cases of Treason.

Martis, 25* die Novembris;

2° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Enabling of Trustees to sell certain Lands of Rich. Cooke, deceased, to pay Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of George White, of Monmouth, Gentleman, was read; setting forth, That #

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Yeomen, and Freeholders of the Hundred of Radloe in the County of Hereford, was read; setting forth, That # #

A Petition of the Freeholders of the Hundred of Ezoyaslacy in the County of Hertford, was read; setting form; That *

Mr. Bickerstaffe reports from the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Petition of several Officers, Innkeepers, Clothiers, 8$c. who quartered and accoutred the Forces raised since the Twenty-ninth of September 1677, was referred, the Case touching the same, and the Debts owing to the said Petitioners, as followeth;

That, upon Examination, it appeared to the Committee, That the Act, intituled, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty King Charles the Second of Two hundred six thousand Four hundred Sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, for paying off and disbanding the Forces raised since the Twenty-ninth of September 1677, fell Short of answering the End for which it was given, Principal Money, Sixty-one thousand Nine hundred Twenty-six Pounds Three Shillings and Eleven-pence, or thereabouts, besides Interest for the same, as the said Act directs.

And that the said Sixty-one thousand Nine hundred Twenty-six Pounds Three Shillings and Eleven-pence, Principal Money, is due for Quarters, Cloaths, <§*c. by Certificates, signed by one or more of the Commissioners for Disbanding, and Orders of the then Lords of the Treasury thereupon directed to the Exchequer, where they are registered; as appears by Certificate from the honourable Sir Robert Howard, Auditor of their Majesties Receipts of Exchequer.

And it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if this House shall please in this Juncture to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make Provision for the Payment of so just and national Debt, that it may be of great Use to their Majesties, and their Kingdoms, by encouraging Persons to come in to their Majesties Service; and others, as Occasion shall require, to give fresh Credit for the Service of the Publick, upon the Reputation of future Acts of Parliament; as well as raise the broken Fortunes of many Families, who have been utterly ruined for want of what is petitioned for.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Rights of ascertaining the Rights of Election of Members to serve Election, in Parliament for the respective Counties, Cities, Boroughs', and Cinque Ports, within this Kingdom: And it is recommended to Mr. Godolphin, and Colonel Birch, to prepare the same.

A Petition of the Merchants of London, and Com- Surgeons to manders and Officers of Ships trading beyond the Seas, administer with others, that have lived beyond Sea, was presented Medicines, to the House.

And the same relating to the Bill for enabling the Surgeons to administer internal Medicines, in Cases of Surgery;

Ordered, That the said Petition be read, when the Hearing at the Bar of this House shall be touching the said Bill.

Ordered, That the College of Physicians be heard at the Bar of this House, touching the said Bill, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners be Insolvent read upon Thursday Morning next Debtor*.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom- Highway*, ing next, at Eight a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Repair of the Highways.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thom. Duppa, Royal Assent Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; to Bill*.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers immediately.

Aud accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty: And, being returned,

Mr. Speaker reports, That his Majesty had been pleased, to give the Royal Assent to the Bills following;

An Act for doubling the Excise of Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the Space of one Year.

An Act to enable Eliz. Mountague, Widow, to make

Leases, for Years, of Houses and Grounds in Stepney in the County of Middlesex.

And that afterwards his Majesty was pleased to make The King's a gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as fol- sPe,ch, loweth; viz. rePorted-

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I take this Occasion, with great Willingness, to assure you, that I am extremely sensible of the Zeal and Chearfulness of all your Proceedings in this Sessions of Parliament; and of the Readiness which you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, have shewn in granting such large Supplies towards the pressing Occasions of the Navy and Army.

And I do further assure you, that I shall not be wanting, on my Part, to see them carefully applied to those Uses for which you intend them.

At

The King’s Speech to be considered.

Cirencester

Election.

Committees.

York Buildings Water Company.

African

Company.

a W. & M.

25° — 16° Novembris.

483

At the same time I most observe to you, that the Posture of Affairs Abroad does necessarily require My presence at the Hague before the End of this Year; and, by Consequence, I must desire you to lose no Time in the dispatching and perfecting such further Supplies as are still necessary for the Navy and Army; and not for them only, but it is high time also to put you in mind of making some Provision for the Expence of the Civil Government; which has no Funds for its Support, since the Excise, which was designed for that Service, and also the other Branches of the Revenue, have been applied to other publick Uses; and therefore I earnestly recommend it to your speedy Consideration.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will,

Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, take into Consideration his Majesty’s Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament this Day.

Then the Matter, touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Cirencester in the County of Glocester, came on to be heard at the Bar of the House, according to the Order of the Day.

And the Counsel for all the Parties were called in: And, after they had been heard,

They withdrew.

And the Question being put, That Henry,

Esquire, is duly elected one of the Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cirencester in the County of Gloucester;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth,

Tellers for the

Tellers for the Noes,(*£rf<^>

132.

l6l.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That flick. Howe, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Bo*-rough of Cirencester in the County of Gloucester.

Resolved, That John Howe, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cirencester in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Cirencester in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die Novembris;

2® Gulielmi et Marise.

Pit a v EUS.

ABIL L for the encouraging, and better ordering and settling, the Waterworks in York Buildings, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Peter Colliton reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to consider of the Trade,

and how the same might be best managed for the Benefit of the Nation, That the Committee had met several times, and heard the Affrican Company and their Witnesses, and also their Counsel: Who alleged, That the Campany had Eight Forts within the Territory, whereof the sole Trade was granted to them; viz. Three in the North Parts of Guinea, and Five on the Gold Coast; and that the Maintenance of these Forts stood them in from Nineteen to Twenty thousand Pounds per Annum'. That without these Forts the Trade could not be carried on or secured to the Nation; and those Forts could not be maintained but by a Joint Stock: And that they exported for the said Trade from Eighty to One hundred thousand Vol. X.

Pounds annually: and that the said Trade would take off no more Goods, their Ships oftentimes bringing back Part of their Cargoes: And that the Dutch and other Nations had Forts, and traded in a Joint Stock.

That the Committee also heard the Petitioners against the Company, and their Witnesses: Who alleged, That from the Northern Limits of the Territory, whereof the sole Trade is granted by Charter to the Company, under Penalty of Forfeiture to any others that shall trade there to James Island in the River of Gambia, where the present Company’s first Fort and Factory is placed, is about One thousand Miles: In which Space are several Ports and Rivers for Trade unfrequented by the Company, and where all other Nations do or may trade; but no Englishmen may trade there, unless by Licence of the Affrican Company, under Penalty of Forfeiture.

That in the said River of Gambia the French have a Factory over-against the said Company’s Fort, and another Sixty Miles farther up that River; and carry on their Trade without the Charge of a Fort there, under the Protection of the King of the Country; and, not having the Charge of a Fort upon their Trade, are able to undersell- the English.

From James Island to Sierra Leone, where the Company have another Fort or Factory, is about Three hundred and Sixty Miles; and from Sierra Leone to Sharbro, where is another Factory, is about Thirty-six Miles; and from Sharbro to Secondee, which is their nearest Fort on the Gold Coast, is about Six hundred Miles: In which Space, the Company have neither Fort or Factory: And all the said Space is open and free for all Nations to trade to: But the English are excluded from trading the re but in the Joint Stock of the Company, or by Licence from them; for which Licence they must pay what the Company pleaseth.

From Succondee to Acra is about One hundred and Fifty Miles, and is called the Gold Coast, on which Coast the Company have Five Forts or Factories; whereof the said Succondee and Acra are Two; and Fredricks-burgh, one of them, is within Gunshot of Cape Corse, their chief Fort: But that other Nations, and even English Interlopers, notwithstanding their Danger of Forfeiture, did and may trade between the said Forts, and within Two Miles of them; which the said Forts are not able to hinder.

That these Forts are very weak, and the strongest cannot make resistance against Two hundred Europeans, that shall land Cannon, and batter them from the Land; and their greatest Use is to be a Receptacle, against Thieves, for the Company’s Goods, while they have no Ships on the Coast; and to be a certain known fixed Market, where the Inland Inhabitants may have European Goods for their Gold and Elephants Teeth: But that the English Interlopers, and other Nations, carry on their Trade safer, $nd as well, on board their Ships; the Natives coming off to them in small Boats with their Gold and Teeth, to buy such Goods, as they want; which the Forts cannot hinder.

That, from Acra, the remotest Fort the Company have from England, to the Cape of Good Hope, which is the Southermost Limit of the Company’s Charter, is about Two thousand Four hundred Miles: In all which Space the Company have no Fort, nor can have none, the Princes and Inhabitants of those Countries being sensible of the Inconveniencies of having their Trade obstructed by Forts, or a Company in a Joint Stock, not permitting them to build any; and have refused to trade with Ships that have worn the Company’s Colours, until they have taken them down, and put up others; nor do the Company themselves trade to most of the vast Tracts where they have no Forts, but grant Licences to others to trade with Goods delivered them by the Company; for which they have made them agree to give Forty Pounds Cent, certain Profit to the Company, before they could have Licence to trade, and the Company to run no Hazard, but to get Forty Pounds per Cent, although the Ship be lost, or the Adventurer do not sell his Goods for Forty Pounds Cent.

more than the first Cost the Company rated them at: By

which

African

Company.

484

26° Novembris.

A. 1690.

which means, any other Nation, that is not under such hard Conditions, are able to undersell the English, and beat them out of their Trade; and the Reason that some of the Company’s G oods were not sold, but brought back again, was, because other Nations did undersell then).

That, before the Year 1663, in which Year the English Trade to Affricawas settled in a Company in a Joint

Stock, exclusive to all others, the Forts on the Gold Coast were in the Possession of the English East India Company; who excluded no English Ship from trading on the Coast for what they could, without paying the said East India Company any thing for it: notwithstanding which, the East India Company maintained the said Forts out of the Profit of the Trade; and were very willing to have continued so to do.

That, from the Year 1665 to the Year 1672, the Affrican Company did set out few or no Ships themselves, but carried on the Trade to Affrica after the manner of a regulated Company, permitting all Ships to trade to the Gold Coast, and Southern Parts of Affrica, paying to the said Company Three Pounds Ton for such Licence; and with which they maintained the Forts and Trade of Gambia, and North Parts to particular Merchants, for Two thousand Pounds per Annum.

That, while the Forts on the Gold Coast were in the Hands of the East India Company, before the granting the Trade in the Year 1663, by King Charles the Second, to a Company in a Joint Stock; and afterwards when managed by that Company, after the Manner of a regulated Company, granting Licences to all Ships that would, to trade there; that there were many more English Ships employed in that trade, much more of the Manufacture of England exported, and the^wimcawPlantations much more plentifully supplied with Negroes, and at much cheaper Rates, than they have been, when the Trade to Affrica hath been carried on in a Joint Stock, exclusive to all others.

That, while the English in general were thus at Liberty to trade to Affrica, they did so undersell the Dutch, and supplied the Coast so plentifully with all sorts of Goods, that the Dutch Factors at the Castle Delmina, confessed, if that open Trade continued to the English, they Should not be able to support the Charge of their Castles out of the Profits of their Trade; and must take other Measures, or leave the Coast: And that since the Trade hath been carried on by the English in a Joint Stock, exclusive to all others, the Actions of the Dutch Company are risen x to be Four times more in Value to what they were when the Trade was open, and all the English in general permitted to trade there.

That the Company, in a Joint Stock, being the sole Buyer of all the Woolen and other Manufactures of England, exported to that Part of Affrica that is within their Charter, have it, in Effect, in their Power, and*do set what Prices they please upon them; so that many have been forced to leave off making those Woolen Manufactures, which is very grievous and oppressive to the Makers of them; and being the sole Seller of all Things brought from thence, do not supply the American Plantations with so many Negroes as they need, and as they were supplied with when the Trade tvas open; and have it, in Effect, in their Power to sell the Negroes they bring . to the Plantations at what Price they please; and have actually sold their Negroes at above double the Price they may be imported for: Which is very grievous to the Plantations, and may hazard the Loss of the Sugar Trade to England; there being several Competitors for that

Trade; and which, at last, must fall to be . Lot of that Nation that shall be enabled to make and bring Sugar cheapest to the Markets of Europe; and, without Negroes the Sugar Trade cannot be carried on.

That, if this Trade were managed in a regulated Company, with Power to such a Company to impose such Duty on all Goods exported for that Trade, as by them shall, from time to time, be found necessary, the Forts might be maintained out of the Duty so imposed, as was done by the Company from the Year 1665 to the Year 1673; who maintained the Forts out of what each Ship

paid for Licence to trade; and, if all Men were permitted to trade that would make themselves free of such a Company, and pay the said Duty, the said Trade would be vastly augmented and improved, to the great Benefit of this Nation, and Increase bf its Navigation, and the American Plantations much better supplied with Negroes, to the great Augmentation of the King’s Revenue, and Wealth and Trade of the Nation in general; and other Nations, who trade there, would be beaten out of the Trade.

And that the Committee, having taken into their serious Considerations what had been alleged and proved by both Sides, they came to several Resolutions: Which Sir Peter Colleton read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read, as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Trade to Affrica is best for the Benefit of the Nation to be carried on in a regulated Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,'

That Forts are necessary for carrying on and securing the Trade to Affrica.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Trade to Affrica is best for the Benefit of the Nation to be carried on in a regulated Company.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Forts are necessary for securing and carrying on the Trade to Affrica.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And it is recommended to Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Jos. Herne, Sir Peter Colliton, Sir Benj. Newland, Mr.

Papillion, Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho. Mr. Gold-

well, Mr. Pitt; or any Three of them.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and amended the Cyrencester Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for Return the Borough of Cyrencester in the County of Gloucester, amended* by rasing out the Name of Henry Powle, Esquire, and inserting the Name of John Howe, Esquire, instead thereof.

Then the Order of the Day for reading the Bill for Reducing reducing Interest of Money from Six Pounds per Cent. Interest. per Annum to Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum, the Second time, was read.

.And the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {fj }

Tellers for the Noes, ^Cary^'} 101

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Bill was read the Second time.

And the Question being put, that the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Y«J*r E*v- H

(Sir 1 ' ’ [Mr. Arnold,

155-

Tellersfor theN<«,{«rr^;7,'/""i'1^ } ,8.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Then his Majesty’s Gracious Speech to both Houses The King of Parliament Yesterday, according to the Order of the Speech cou-Day, was read. sidered.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ways and next after the said adjourned Debate, resolve itself into a iVIeans*

Committee

Privilege*

Act of

Na\igation

respecting

English

beamen.

Committees,

Baines'

Estate.

Series

Estate.

Scroop’s

Estate.

Hildyard’s

Estate.

aW.^ M. 26° — :2j0 Nov485

Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Ordered, That the Matter, upon the Petition of John Price, and others, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, upon a Complaint of a Breach of Privilege committed against Sir Car bury Price, a Member of this House, which was ordered to be heard at the Bar of this House Tomorrow, be put off, and heard at the Bar upon Saturday Morning next, at Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for suspending, during the War with France, that Part of the Act of Navigation, which obliges English Ships to sail with English Seamen; and the Bill for the more effectual furnishing their Majesties Navy with Seamen’in time of War; . be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Onslow, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Perry, Sir Cha. Wyndham,

Mr. Biddolph, Sir Wm. Wogan, Lord Mr

Onslow, Mr. Bracer, Sir Hen.Capell, Sir Drake

Sir Edw. Abney, Mr. Christie, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr.

Beare, Mr. Clarke: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Guise reports from the Committee to whom Punishing was committed the Clause to be added to the Bill for pu- Mutiny ana nishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert desertion, their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters,

That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Clause: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: And, with some Amendments made thereunto, the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, and the said Clause, so amended, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Finch, Leave for have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause Members to between Dodd and Burroughes. tttten Lor *'

Jovis, 27° die;

2® Gulilemi et Maria;.

Prayers.

ABIL L for vesting several Houses within the City of London, late the Estate of Baines, Gentleman* deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cha. Porter, Mr. Perry, Mr. Beddingfcild, Major Vincent, Mr. Brewer, Sir Rob. Col ton, Sir C Sir Ralph

Dutton, Sit Orlando Gee, Mr. Sir

Mr. Traverse, Mr. Christie, Sir Math. And races, Mr. Carew, Mr. Price, Mr. Bickerstaffe Sir Austin, Mr.

Haxctry, Sir Wm. Lloneywood, Mr. Cary, Sir Sam. ston, Mr. Bowyer, Sir Jen. Elit es, Mr. Harcourt, Mr.' Burdet, Mr. Neuport, Mr. Hedger, Sir Rob. Rich: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for selling the Estate of Henry Serle, Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of certain Debts of St. Leger Scroop, Esquire, deceased, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Christie, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Ash, Mr* Femcick, Mr. Backwell, Mr. Travers, Sir Walter Young, Sir Mr.

Perry, Mr. Blowfeild, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Biddolph,- Sir Peter Colleton, Mr. Godolphin, Mr Cary, Mr. Foley, Sir lVm. Mr. Russell, Mr. Haxctry, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Beare, Sir Tho. Mid-

dleton, Sir Tho. Travers, Mr. and all the Members that serve for the County of Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the-Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Philip Hildyard, Esquire, to sell Lands in Surry, and to settle Lands in Lincolnshire in lieu thereof, was read

the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Hanmore, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Vincent, Sir Peter Colleton, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Haxctry, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Brou-n-loxc, Mr. Harley, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Walter Young,

Mr. Cary, Sir Math. Andretoes, Sir Wm. Ellis, Sir Rich. Vo L. X.

Ordered, That Mr. Godolphin be added to the Com- Furnishing mittee to whom the Bill for the more effectual furnishing Seamen, their Majesties Navy with Seamen, in Time of War, is committed.

A Petition of several Masters of Transport Ships, on Transport behalf of themselves, and others concerned, was presented Service, to the House.

Resolved, That the said Petition be read.

The said Petition was read; setting forth, That #

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Estimates and Accompts relating to the Army, Navy, and Treasury, are referred: And they are to report their Opinions therein to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Lucy’s Mr. Keck; ' _ Es*"’

Mr. Speaker, Thfe Lords have passed a Bill, intituled,

An Act for securing the Portion of Mrs. Eliz. Lucy, and breeding her up a Protestant; and for transferring the Trust for that Purpose; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Then the House resumed the adjourned Debate upon Supply, his Majesty’s Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parlia-' -ment, on Tuesday last.

And a Motion being made for a Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the Support of the Civil Government;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion. '

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Ways and resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means* proceed further in the Consideration of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed to Attainting preoare a Bill for Attainting the Persons that are or Persons m have been in Rebellion in England or Ireland, and for Kebellipn. cotfiscating their Estates; - and for applying the same to

6 G bear

Act of

Navigation

respecting

English

Seamen.

Manware-ing's Estate.

Sheafe's

Estate.

Preserving

Timber-

Ilackney

Coaches.

Aulnage

Duty,

French Bay Salt.

Cardigan

Election.

486 270 — 2 8° Novembris. A*. 1696.

bear the Charge of the War; upon the Debate of the House; be brought in upon Saturday Morning next: And that it be recommended to the Care of Sir Charles Porter, and Sir Rich. Remolds: And the said Committee is to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Captain Pitts be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for suspending, during the War with France, that Part of the Act of Navigation, which obliges English Ships to sail with English Seamen..

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris,28° die Novembris;

2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

A BILL for vesting the Freehold and Inheritance of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the County of Chester, of Th Gentle-

man, on certain Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brewer, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Manwairing, Sir Sir.

Rob. Davers, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Perry, Mr. England, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Leving, Mr. Nor-

reys, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Burdett, Mr. Mr.

Parker, Marquis Winchester, Mr. Mr. Hedges,

Sir Roger Puleston, Sir John Guise, and all the Members

that serve for the Counties of Chester and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable Thomas Sheafe to sell some Lands for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife, according to an Agreement, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Guise, Sir Tho. Travell, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Arnold, Marquis

Winchester, Sir Edzo. Hussey, Mr. Mr. Christie,

Mr. Russell, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr. Freke, Sir Rob. Nap-pier, Sir Rob. Davers, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Henry Goodrich, Mr. Bus-cazcen, Mr. Cooke, Colonel Kirby, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Hedger, Sir Wm. Poultney, Major Vincent, Sir Tho. Darcy: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better preserving the Ship Timber in all the Forests in England, was, according to Order, presented to the House; and received.

A BiH for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, was read the First time.

And also another Bill for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, and for Enlarging of several strait and inconvenient Streets and Passages, was read the First time. Ordered, That the Bills be read a "Second time.

' A Bill for transferring the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, was presented to the House, according to Order; and received.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for Preservation of French Bay Salt, taken as Prize, from being destroyed, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Mr..Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter touching

23

the Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of , the State Qf

the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as fiplloweth; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Vaughan, Esquire, complain-

ing of an undue Election and Return of Sir Carbury Price to serve as a Knight of the Shire for the County of Cardigan;

That the Question was, Whether the Poll was duly adjourned from Aberitswith to Cardigan.

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were thus;

For Sir Carbury Price - - 185.

For Mr. Vaughan - - - 91.

That there is an Act of Parliament 1 that says,

That the Sheriff’s Turn shall be kept at Cardigan and Aberitswith, alternis vicibus. And This time the Turn was to be kept at Aberystwith.

That the Sheriff came down the Ninth March; was not sworn till Eleventh; and the Election was the Nineteenth of the same March.

That, the Sheriff, some time before the Election, declared, The Turn was to be kept at Aberystwith; but for the Ease of the Country he would adjourn to Cardigan.

That, for the Petitioner, was called Wil-

hams: Who testified, That the Sheriff declared all the Voters Should be polled at Aberystwith, before he had adjourned to Cardigan:That the Election began Nineteenth

March; when the Voters were called by several Lists, and some were polled on both Sides: And that the Sheriff then adjourned to next Day; and promised Mr. Vaughan his List Should be called first: That the next Day the Under Sheriff came, and began with Sir Carbury Price's List.

That afterwards, Mr. Vaughan delivered in a List of One hundred and Fifty Freeholders, of which there was only Twenty-four polled: And then the Under Sheriff said, "Adjourn to Two at Cardiga;" and so adjourned to Cardigan without further Proceeding in That List; though he believes there were several Hundreds ready to poll for Mr. Vaughan; and many cried out to be polled.

That John Jones testified, to the like Effect, the Surprize in the Adjournment; and said besides the Ninety-one polled for Mr. Vaughan, he knew of Two hundred and Seventy-three Freeholders more ready to poll for Mr. Vaughan at Aberystwith.

That John Haberleytestified, Besides the Ninety-one

polled for Mr. Vaughan, and the Two hundred and Seventy-three spoken of by Jones, he knew Forty-nine other Freeholders in Town, ready to poll for Mr. Vaughan.

That Rice Vaughan said, There were Four hundred and Eighty-five Freeholders that would have voted for Mr. Vaughan, whereof Three hundred and Ninety-four did not poll.

That, on the Behalf of Sir Carbury Price, was called;

Wm. Powell, who said he believed, There was One hundred unpolled for Sir Carbury Price at the Time of the Adjournment; which was Twentieth March, Twelve a Clock: That the Reason the Sheriff gave for the Adjournment was, because he was advised, that That being the Day of the Return of the Writ, he could not adjourn after Twelve a Clock: That there was a Proclamation; but whether before or after the Adjournment, could not be positive.

That David Lloyd testified, There was a Proclamation before the Adjournment: That, when they came from Aberystwith, he believes there were One hundred to poll for Sir Carbury Price:And that they were fain to get Boats, because they could not have Horses enough.

That another David Lloyd testified, That the Sheriff came at the Time of the Adjournment to Cardigan and, upon Notice, that Mr. Vaughan would come to Cardigan, stayed an Hour or two expecting him: That Sir Carbury, he believes, had One hundred came with him from Abe-rystwith; and might have had Three hundred more about Cardigan.

That

Chester

Election.

Earl of

Salisbniy's

Estate.

2 W. & M-

28" — 29° Novembris.

487

That Erasmus Davis testified, The Sheriff, some time before the Election, had ordered Proclamation to be made in the Market Towns of the designed Adjournment from Aberystwith to Cardigan; and he heard Proclamation made accordingly at Lampeter.

That Geo. Powell testified, Several Houses were taken up at Cardigan upon the Account of Mr. Vaughan: But that Mr. Vaughan never came to nor polled any

there: That Sir Carbury Price polled there Thirty-seven.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Adjournment of the Poll, taken at the Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Cardigan, by the Sheriff of the said County, from to Car-

digan, is a legal and good Adjournment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Carbury Price, Baronet, is duly elected a Knight to serve in this present. Parliament for the County of Cardigan.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, ThaJ the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That -the Adjournment of the Poll taken at the Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Cardigan, by the High Sheriff of the said County, from Aberystwith to Cardigan, is a legal and good Adjournment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }

Tellers f,rtheNoes,{"«"Si }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Carbury Price, Baronet, is duly elected a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cardigan

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

152.

149-

Tellers for the

Tellers for the Noes,{|rr jSuklm, So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

1167.

}i66.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chester, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Then, according to the Order of the Hay, the Counsel of the Earl of Salisbury were called in; and also the Counsel of Mr. Robert Cecil, his Brother; and both heard touching the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for limiting the Power of James now Earl of Salisbury, to cut off the Intail of his Estate.

And the Counsel being withdrawn;

The Bill was read the Second time: And also a Petition of Samuel Hcming, Gentleman, and John Apo-

thecary, was, according to Order, read; setting forth, That the Petitioners in May 1680, paid to James late Earl of Salisbury, deceased, for a Term of Forty-one Years, of a House and Ground in St. Martin's Lane, and had Five Leases made thereof for One-and-twenty Years, reserving the , agreed Relit of Forty Pounds per Annum thereon; and have built on the Premises, and laid out Three Thousand Pounds on the same; and there still remains Thirty Years and a half of the One-and-forty Years: And, for that the present Earl cannot make good his Father’s Agreement, and make the Petitioners Leases for Thirty Years and a half, by reason of a Settlement, without a Recovery; against his doing whereof there is Vol. X,

an Act before this House, which will restrain him; and, in case the said Leases be not made, and the Petitioners admitted to enjoy the Premises, it will be to their utter Ruin; and praying, That a Proviso may be inserted in the said Bill, whereby the Earl may be enabled to make the Petitioners Lease for Thirty Years and an half.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Boscarven,

Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Dalben, Mr. Cary, Mr. Chadwick, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Christie; Sir Wm.

Poultney, Mr. Waller, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr.

Serjeant Blincoe, Mr. Harbord, Lord Falkland, Mr. Glem-

ham. Captain Pitts, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Leveson Gower, Sir Scrape How, Mr. Ash, Lord Colchester, Sir James Long, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Cha. Mouniague,

Colonel Granvile, Sir John Austen, Sir Tho. Samwell,

Lord Sherrard, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Greenfeild, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Mansell, Sir Wm. Forrester, Sir Tho. Travell, Mr. Howe, Colonel Austen, Sir Rob.

Sawyer, Mr. Travers, Sir Math. Sir Phil.

Skippon, Sir Jervas Elwes, Mr. Burrard, Mr. England,

Mr. Arnold, Mr. Papillion, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr.

Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Thoimhaugh, Mr. Gray,

Sir Gilbert Clerke, Mr. Howard, Sir Walter Young, and all the Members that serve for the County of Hertford:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That they do take care to provide by the said Bill, That, where the Honour shall fall to a Protestant Heir, the Estate be preserved for the Benefit of such Protestant Heir.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Sir John Guise, Lord Falkland, Mr. Wye and Bickerstaffe, Sir Sam. Bemadiston, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. ^ugg Courtney, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Buscawenbe added to the r'avi8atlon-Committee to whom the Bill for the more effectual making the Rivers of Wye and Lugg navigable, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Clayton, Sir Rob. Dashwood, Clandestine Sir Sam. Dashzcood, be added to the Committee to whom Marriages, the Bill for preventing clandestine Marriages, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Goldwell, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Prideaux’s Bockland, Serjeant Blincoe, be added to the Committee Claim on to w’hom the Bill for charging the Estate of the late LordJe r5'’es< Lord Jeffryes with Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, and Interest, to Edmund Prideaux,

Esquire, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Math. Andrewes be added to the Knowles' Committee to whom the Consideration of Knowles is Petition, referred.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 29* die Novembris;

2® Gulielmi et Marise.

Prayers.

ANTHONY Marie de la Croze took the Oatiyj appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Company of Apothecaries be heard, Surgeons to at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday Morning next, administer against the Bill, for enabling Surgeons to administer Medicines, internal Medicines in Cases of Surgery.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cooke's for enabling of Trustees to sell certain Lands of Richard Estate.

Chambre’s, &c. Nat.

Lucy’s

Estate.

Preventing

Robberies.

T. Williams’ Estate.

Reversing Judgment against Arnold.

A Member to attend Lords.

Annulling certain letters Patents.

Aulnage

Duty.

Making Militia useful.

Serle’s

Estate.

488

2 90 Novembris,

Ay 1690.

Cooke, deceased, to pay Debts, and raise a Portion for his Daughter, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Sam. nadislon, Mr. Bowyer, Sir Jew. Sir

cough, Mr. Christie, Mr. Slaughter, Sir Jon. Jennings, Mr. Arnold, Major Vincent, Sir- Bemadiston, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Brounkrw,' Mr. B Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hdwtry, Mr. Hadeu, Sir Rob. Rich, and all the Members

that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Naturalization of Francis de la Chambre, and others, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Bowyer, Sir Jon.Jennings, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Thomson, Mr. Morley, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Fenwick, Major Vincent, Mr. Piggolt, Sir Edon,

Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. England, Mr. Mr.

det, Sir Tho. Darcye, Mr. WMr. Chetwynd, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Kenyon, Sir Rich.Onslow, Sir Sam. Bemadiston, Mr.

Mr. Biddolph, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Langham, Lord

Elan, Mr. Price, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Slater, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Henley, Mr. lleni And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for securing the Portion of Mrs. Eliz. Lucy, and breeding her up a Protestant, and for transferring the Irust for that Purpose, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better securing the King’s Highways from Robbers, and for Satisfying of Persons robbed, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Money out of the Estate of Thomas Williams, Esquire, deceased, by letting Leases, and otherwise, for the more speedy Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for reversing a Judgment given against John Arnold, Esquire, in the King's Bench, be read on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Porter have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel in a Cause between Framling and Johnson.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Doctor Edisbury;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled,

An Act for making void certain Letters Patents therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for transferring the Duty and Subsidy of Aulnage to the Custom-house, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir WalterYoung reports from the Committee to whom ft was referred to prepare a Bill for regulating and making the Militia of this Kingdom more useful, ’That they had prepared the Bill accordingly: And he presented the same to the House: And it was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for selling the Estate of Esquire,

deceased, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer, Mi1. Norreis, Mr. Hawtry, Wye and Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Piggot, Mr. Palmes, be added to

the Committee to whom the Bill for the more effectual 1 av, ga ,0, making the Rivers of Wye and Lugg navigable, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Price, Lord Falkland, Mr. Bicker- Bernardis-staffe, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Tho. Darcye, Mr. Mr. ton s Estat*-

Cooke, Sir Tho. Bemadiston, Sir Christopher Musgrave, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill concerning Sir Samucll Bemardiston, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Travell, Sir John Mr. Hildyards

Travers, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Parkhurst, Sir Rich. Onslow, Estate*

Sir Fran, Massam, Mr. Lcwhior, Mr. Price, Mr. Gran-vile, Mr. Foot Onslow, Mr. Browne, Mr. Hillersden, Sir Jcrv. Elwes, Sir Tho. Bemadiston, be added to the Committee to w hom the Bill for enabling Philip Esquire, to sell Lands in Surrey, and to settle Lands in Lincolnshire, in lieu thereof, is committed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- Attainting posed, That it be an Instruction to’the Committee ap- Eerson.s m pointed to prepare the Bill for attainting the Persons that EeboiI'on-are or have been in Rebellion in England or and for confiscating their Estates; and for applying the same to bear the Charge of the War; upon the Debate of the House; That the Bill do not extend to the Protestants that were Inhabitants or Proprietors in the Kingdom of Ireland, within a Time to be limited by this House, except such Protestants as have borne Arms in the Army, by Commission under the late King James, within a Time to be likewise limited by this House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding the reunto these Words, " and except such as have acted in the Civil Government by Commission under the said late King James, since the Eighth Day of July 1690."

And the Question being put, That the said Amendment be made;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas lSir John Guise' l,o2

1 eners for me 1 eas, JVm S./12 2’

1 6--;.

J

Tellers for the Noes,{^;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee appointed to prepare a Bill for Attainting of the Persons that are or have been in Rebellion in England or Ireland, and for confiscating their Estates; and for applying the same to bear the Charge of the War; upon the Debate of . the House; That the Bill do not extend to the Protestants that are Inhabitants or Proprietors in the Kingdom of Ireland, within a Time to be limited by this House, except such Protestants as have borne Arms in the Army, by Commission under the late King James, within a Time to be likewise limited by this House; and except such as have acted in the Civil Government, by Commission under the said late King James, since the Eighth Day of July 1690.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Meredith;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Bray’s An Act for the better enabling Jane Bray, Relict and Estate, sole Executor of the last Will and Testament of Bray, Esquire, deceased, and others, to the speedier Raising of the Portions, already appointed for her Daughters, by the said ReignaldBray; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And also an Act for pre- Vexation venting vexatious Suits against such as acted for their Suits for Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom; to which acting in they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Defence of the Kingdom.

Ordered,

Committees.

Pride ail x’s Claim on Lord Jeffryes.

Haberdashers

Charity.

Bray’s Estate.

Clandestine

Marriages.

Aulnage

Duty.

French Bay Salt

2 W. S3 M. 29* Novetnbris — 1° . 489

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for the more Trade with

effectual putting in Execution the Act for prohibiting all France. And then the House adjourned till Monday Trade and Commerce with France, upon the Debate of Morning, Eight a Clock. the House: And it is recommended to Mr.

Sir Joh Guise, Sir Cha. Sidley, Colonel Birch, Colonel Austin, and Mr. Onslow; or any Three of them.

Luna, 1* die Decembris;

2° Gulielmi ct Maria?.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for charging the Estate of the late Lord Jeffryes, in Leicestershire, with Fourteen thousand Seven hundred Sixty Pounds, with Interest, to Edmund Prideaux, Esquire, was committed, be made Upon Wednesday Morning next: And that Counsel be afterwards heard at the Bar, touching the said Bill, upon the Petition of the Lord Chief Justice Polleafand others. Trustees for the Children and Creditors of the said Lord Jeffryes.

A Bill for the settling a Charity given by Robert Ashe, Esquire, to the Company of Haberdashers of London, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. JVillmot, Mr. Kenyon, Sir Fra. Guybon, Mr.

Carac, Mr. Carye, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Turner, Sir Math. Andrews, Lord Sherrard, Sir Darcy, Sir

Cotton, Mr. Christie, Mr. BouyeSir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. C'hetwynd, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Mr.

Hawtry, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Major Vincent, Mr.

Mr. Bloufeild, Sir Rob. Nappier: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better enabling of Jane Bray, Relict and sole Executrix of the last Will and Testament of Bray, Esquire, deceased, and others, to the speedier Raising of Portions already appointed for her Daughters by the said Reignald Bray, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing clandestine Marriages, is committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Frances Duchess Dowager of Richmond and Lenox, and others, Fanners of the Duty of Aulnage, relating to the Bill for transferring the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, was presented to the House.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Christie reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for Preserving of French Bay Salt, taken as Prize, from being destroyed, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And' which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, according to the Order of the House, to be added to the Bill, For the more effectual putting in Execution the Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, with Blanks therein, to be filled up by the House. And the said Clause was twice read; and the Blanks filled lip: And then the same, with some other Amendments made by the House, was, upon the Question thereupon put, agreed by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And then the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Clause, be ingrossed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

.. Vol. X.

A Bill for reversing a Judgment given against John Reversing Arnold, Esquire, in the King’s Bench, was read the Second Judgment time. ' ag"inst

And the Question being put, That the Bill be ingrossed; ni°

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeasi^f^- } ,67.

TeUersforereNoes/^Si^ }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

HZ-

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Westminster, Mr. Keck; *<: Paving.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, sent up from this. House, intituled, An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes in the County of Middlesex, and in the Borough of South-worke, and other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Surry, and for regulating the Markets therein mentioned; with several Amendments:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the said Amendments were all read once throughout; and are as followeth: viz.

12 Skin, Line 23, leave out "or otherwise in some Part;" and read "on the Outside."

27 Line, for "Ten," read "Twelve; and, for " Evening," read " Night."

29 Line, after " Default," add "excepting such Person, or Persons, as shall agree to make use of Lamps of any sort, to be placed at such Distances in the Street, as shall be approved of by Tw’o or more Justices of the Peace."

At the End of the Bill, add Clause marked A.

" And it is hereby Enacted and Declared, for avoiding any Doubt touching the Highway leading from the East Side of Clerkenwell Green to St. Johns Street, That the said Way shall be paved according to the Directions of this Act."

And the said Amendments being read a Second time, one by one; the same wc*e, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Poidtney do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships thereunto.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to the Address for King, That his Majesty will be pleased to give effectual Embargo. Order for an immediate Embargo to be laid on all Ships,

(except such Ships as shall carry Ammunition and Provisions only to the Plantations, the Complement of Men in such Ships not to exceed Five hundred Men); that there may not be wanting a sufficient Number of able Seamen for the next Year’s Fleet.

Ordered, That the said Address be immediately presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Bill for attainting the Persons that Attainting are, or have been, in Rebellion in England and Ireland, ^bellion" and for confiscating their Estates, and applying the same e Ion‘ to bear the Charge of the War, be brought in lo-morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting to their Majesties Supply Bill; certain new Impositions, be brought in Tomorrow East India

n t UOOUS.

Morning.

Resolved, That the House w ill, Tommorrow' Morning Tryals for at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Treason whole House, to consider of the Bill for Regulating of Tryals in Cases of Treason.

(3 II Ordered,

4

49°

I. — 2* Decembris. 1690.

Commissioner* of Accompts.

Making

Militia

useful.

Navy and Army Estimates,

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Aulnage

Duty.

Leave for Members to attend Lords.

Raising Revenue by Fines,

Woolen

Manufacture.

Committees*

Ordered, That the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take the publick Accompts, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for the regulating and making the Militia of this Kingdom more useful, be read on Thursday Morning next, at Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Estimates and Accompts relating to the Army, Navy, and Treasury, was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrosssed Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill for transferring the Duty and Subsidy of Aulnage to the Custom-house, be read the Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General Sir Cha. Porter, and Mr. Finch, have Leave to attend the Lords, as' Counsel, in a Cause between Shirty and Ferrers.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunt, Sir John Barker, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Johti Guise, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of Percivall Brunskill, Gentleman, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. Mr.

Brockman, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Blincoe, Mr. Hopkins, be added to the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in a, Bill for the better Encouragement of the Woolen Manufacture.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

divers Lands in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of certain Debts of St. Leger Scroope, Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had agreed to the said Bill, without any Amendments.

Sir Robert Cotton reports from the Committee to whom Bagnall'* the Bill for barring the Remainder to Dudley E*iate.

Esquire, in the . Estate of Nicholas Esquire, in

Ireland, was committed, That the Committee had considered of the Bill, and the Petition of Sir Clifton;

and that they did not conceive there ought to be any Saving for him: And that therefore they had agreed unto the said Bill, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir Robert Dovers reports from the Committee to whom Cooke’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate, the enabling Trustees to sell certain Lands of Richard Cooke, Esquire, deceased, to pay Debts, and to raise a Portion for his Daughter, was committed, That the Committee had agreed unto an Amendment to be made thereunto: Which they had directed him to report to the House:

And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same wras read; and is as followeth; viz.

Press 6. Line 8. leave out " Eighteen; " and, instead thereof, insert " Three-and-twentieth."

And the said Amendment being read, a Second time; the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- v'exatiou* tuled, An Act for preventing vexatious Suits against such Suits for as acted for their Majesties Service, in Defence of the acting >n Kingdom, be read Tomorrow Morning at Eleven of the Kingdom Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 2* die Decembrist 2* Gulielmi et Maria;.

Prayers.

Scrle’g \ N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. jLx. for selling the Estate of Henry Serle, Esquire, de-

ceased, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Cha. Windham, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. John Chetwyn, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr. Freke, Mr. Boscaicen, Mr. Elliott, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr.

Mr. Lampton, Mr. Christie, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Brewer, Sir John Dorrell, Major Vincent, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Freeman, Sir Rob. Ecldn, Mr. Piggott, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir John Guise, Mr. Berwyer, Sir Long, Sir Dovers,

Mr. Pollexfen, Mr. Slater, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Price, Sir IV in.P Colonel Mr.

Travers: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ditto. A Petition of Eliz. Williams, and Sir John

and others, was read; setting forth, that there having a Bill passed the Lords for the Sale of the Estate of Henry Serle, Esquire; wherein all the Petitioners are highly concerned, and may be, if no Continuance be made of the Charge upon the Lands, as charged by Sir John Birkenhead, and Security for the Petitioners, and others, as Creditors: And praying, That a Provision may be made for them; and that they may have Time to make appear what they have suggested in their Petition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for selling the Estate of Henry Serle, Esquire, deceased, is committed.

Seroopt’t Mr. Travers reports from the Committee to whom the

Eatew. ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting

Mr. Brewer reports from the Committee to whom the Manware- Bill for vesting the Freehold and Inheritance of certain >ng’» Estate. Lands, in the County of Chester, of Thomas Manwareing, Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, was committed, That the Committee had agreed to an Amendment, to be made thereunto: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Wm. Poultney reports from the Committee to whom Coal >pra<1fc the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for reviving a former Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, was committed; that they had agreed unto the said Bill, with a Clause: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, with some Amendments made by the House, was agreed unto to be made Part of the Bill; and is as followeth; viz.

" And whereas by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Encouraging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation, it is, among other Things, provided, That no Goods,

Or Merchandizes, shall be loaden and carried from one Part of England to another, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, whereof Three Fourths of the Mariners, at least, shall not be English, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Goods as shall be loaden, or carried, in any such Ship or Vessel, together with the Ship or Vessel, and all her Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel: Now, forasmuch as the high Price of Coals arises chiefly from the Want of Seamen to supply that Navigation, while so many are employed in their Majesties Service: Be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That so much only of this last mentioned Act, as concerns the Number ana Proportion of foreign Seamen, thereby limited to sail

Die :ed

2 W. M.

2° Decembers.

Preserving

Timber.

Coal Trade.

49 i

in English Ships shall be dispensed with; and is hereby the City of Chester, the State of the Case, as it appeared

thus far dispensed with, so as it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, English built, and belonging to the Subjects of England, whereof the Master is an Englishmen, trading with Coals to and from Newcastle, or the Parts adjacent, or any Part of Wales, to the Port of London, or to any other Part of England, to navigate the said Ship or Vessel with as many foreign Seamen as the said Master or Owner shall think fit, during the present War with France, and no longer; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ordered, That the Eill for the better preserving the Ship Timber in all the Forests in England, be read Tomorrow Morning at Nine a Clock.

A Petition of the Brew ers, and many others of the Inhabitants of the Cities of London and Westminster, was read; setting forth, by reason of the Price of Coals, they

Scruples to Manner of Swearing.

Ch«ster JbJtc uoiv

to the Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerks 'Fable, in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Roger Esquire, and

George Matruairing, Alderman of Chester, against

the Return of Sir Thomas Baronet, and

Richard Lei' ing, Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chester’,

That the Poll was thus; v

I'or Sir. Tho. Grosvcno- 408

For Mr. Leving, - - 494

For Mr. Whitley, - - 484

For Mr. Maimcairing, - 457 That the Right of Election lies in the Freemen of Chester.

On the Behalf of the Petitioners w'ere called,

David Perry: Who said, One hundred and Twenty-five were made free after the Teste of the Writ; whereof Ninety-one voted for the Sitting Members, and Twenty

are much discouraged in their respective Trades, and the three, or Twenty-five, voted for Mr. Whitley, and Twenty-Poor in danger of perishing for want of Firing; and that two voted for Mr. Maimcairing ': Of the Number that

was so made Free, was one an Apprentice td one

some Persons, if encouraged, are willing to make a Bank of Coals within the said Cities, and insure the Traders to Newcastle, not only against Pirates, but the Danger of the Sea; that the Price of Coals may be as is usual in Time of Peace: And praying, That the said Undertakers may be encouraged in so good and useful a Work, by such Privileges to be granted to them, as may enable them to secure the said Trade, pay the Insurance, and other Losses and Charges thereof, by a Bill to be brought in to this House, for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Isolds, intituled, An Act for reviving a former Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, was to the Petitioners, and advised them to get some made committed; and to report their Opinious therein to the free for them: But they denied it upon the Case of House: And that Lord Sherrard, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir Dartmouth.

Cha. Sid/ey, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Perry, Mr. Bale, Mr. That several Masters complained their Apprentices Lampton, Sir Ralph Carre, Mr. Bowyer, Sir Christopher were made free contrary to their Knowledge: That Two JMasgrave,_ Sir John Barker, Mr. Davenant, Mr. Bus- (as he was told) had Twelve Shillings apiece to vote for

Waltham-, and Sixteen others, that were Minors.

That Bryan Bollard, testified, That there are in Chester several Almsmen, who wear Badges, and have Four Pounds a Year for their Lives; whereof Five voted for the Petitioners, Eight for the Sitting Members: And that his Son told him, he had Ten Shillings to make him free: That on the Eighteenth March, he apprehended the Poll was only adjourned; for that Sheriff said, he ad-

journed it: And the next Day Eighteen Freemen came to vote for the Petitioners, and were refused.

That Street, a Witness, testified, That he was present when the new Freemen were made; and took notice of it

careen, Mr. Arnold, be added to the said Committee And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Message from the Lords Mr. Keck;

Insolvent

Debtors.

Southwark® Court of Conscience.

Attainting Persons in Be bell ion.

the Sitting Member: But confessed, himself was made free, when a Minor.

That Richard Cooper said, he went with Three Men to the Bear, where Sir Thomas Grosvenour came to them: by Sir Miles Cooke and And they told Sir Thomas Grosvenour, That they had a

mind to be madefree; butwanted Money: Andhebid them Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, go to Mr. and let him look over their Indentures:

An Act to prevent the Obstructions of Justice, and other And that if their Indentures were right, they Should Inconveniencies occasioned by several of their Majesties have Money: And that Mr. Johnson approved of their Subjects scrupling to swear in the Form and Manner now Indentures: And they told him they had Money, but he used: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House, did not see them receive it: That Mr voted for Sir

And then the Messengers, withdrew. And lodged in his House.

That John Orme said, He received of Johnson, and one Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, be Bennet, Twelve or Thirteen Shillings to make him free,

and vote for Sir and the other fitting

Member Richard Leving, Esquire.

read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for the Borough of Souihwarke, and other Places within the weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Surrey, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Rich. Reignolds reports from the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for attainting the Persons that are, or have been, in Rebellion in England,

That Sam. Davis said, he received of Johnson and Bennett Thirty-two Shillings, to make him free and vote for the Sitting Members.

'And both Orme and Davis said, If they had not received that Money, they would have voted for the Petitioners.

That, on Behalf of the Sitting Members, were called* Thomas Wilcox:Who said, he had know’n all Elections since the Restauration ( and that a Son of a Freeman may

or Ireland, and for confiscating their Estates towards the demand his Freedom, when capable of taking the Oath bearing the Charge of the War, That they had prepared of Allegiance; viz. at Sixteen Years of Age; and that an

the Bill accordingly: Which he presented to the House: And thfe same was received.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning. .

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges and

Apprentice has Right to his Freedom, if he comes out of his Time before he is of Twenty-one Years of Age.

That Skelhath said. He was Mayor at the Time of the Election; and has known the several Elections since the Restauration; and never knew any Freeman of Chester young or old, rich or poor, denied his Vote: That those who were made free, were either free born, or Elections, to whom was referred the Matter touching the claimed by Service; and that none were ever put by their Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for Freedom, that were capable of taking an Oath: That Vox,. %. ther

, -

London

Corporation.

49*

2° — 3 ° Decembris.

the aforesaid Almsmen were never refused their Votes: That Alderman Street was active to bring Aspersions on Sir Tiio. Grosvenor, on purpose to keep him oft’ from

being a Parliament Man.

That Wm.Wilson testified, That the aforesaid Almsmen always voted; and that Minors, if free, always polled.

That Mr. Sheriff Partington managed the Poll with the Consent of the other Sheriff Batho\ and made Two Proclamations before the closing the Poll; and then closed the Poll the Eighteenth March: That next Morning the Books were cast up publickly; and the Sitting Members declared to be elected.

That Rich. Hocking hull testified, That he saw all the Proceedings; and he thought it a fair Election: That the Books were sealed up in the Presence of Mr. Sheriff

Batho': And that it was said Mr. Johnson was a Tenant to one of the Petitioners.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which Mr. read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Thomas Grosvenor, Baronet, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chester.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Leving, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen

to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chester.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Thomas Grosvenor, Baronet, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chester;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeUm for the } , 86.

Teller, for the No*{* "£ }«»*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Richard Leving, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chester.

That divers Members of our Common Council are illegally excluded; and others, duly elected, refused their Admittance: That the Place of Town Clerk having been vacant Three Months, and upwards, an Office of great Trust in this City, and only eligible by and in Common Council; the said Mayor and Aldermen have, of their own Authority, appointed several Persons to the Execution thereof, against the Consent of the Common Council, against the Constant known Rights of the Petitioners:

That the Petitioners have not been suffered to meet and consult about the necessary affairs of the City, according to their ancient Rights and Customs: That a Common Council being summoned and assembled the Third October, many Debates arising concerning the Premises; and several Motions being made, and the Majority of the Common Council agreeing, That, for settling the Rights of the City, an humble Address Should be made to this honourable House, to explain the said Act; and thereupon the Question being desired to be put; the said Mayor refused it, and, to prevent any such Application, immediately dissolved the Court, and went away: And the Petitioners having, by these evil Practices, all their ancient Rights and Privileges invaded; and neither Mayor, Court of Aldermen, Sheriffs, Chamberlain, Common Council, or Town Clerk, as of Right they ought to have, and praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London have a Copy of the said Petition: And that they be heard by themselves, and their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, on Monday Morning next, touching the Matter of the said Petition: And that the Petitioners be then also heard by themselves, and their Counsel, to make out the Matter complained of in the said Petition.

Ordered, That no Member, of this House do depart Members not the Service of the House, without Leave first had for the to depart same. without

Leave.

Ordered, That Major Vincent, and Mr. Hen. Vincent, Trade with be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the more f rance-effectual putting in Execution the Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

A Petition of the Members of the Common Council of the City of London, thereunto subscribing w as presented to the House.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be received, and read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,}.93.

Tel*'" for Noes,{^-^2"'’ }lC7.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Petition was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners conceived and hoped, that the late Act of Parliament for the reversing the Judgment in the Quo Warranto, against the said City, would have restored it to its ancient Rights and Privileges: But the contrary happening the Petitioners beg leave to represent to the House, That, notwithstanding the said Act, several Aldermen of the City, made or elected by virtue of Commissions or Charters from the late King James, act still as Aldermen, under Pretence,

that, by some doubtful Expressions in the Act, they are continued, as well as ministerial Officers: That by colour of their assumed Authority, and illegal Proceedings, Sir Tho. Pilkington was by them declared and made Mayor, though not duly returned by the Common Hall, according to the Usage of the City: That by the Contrivance of the said Mayor and Aldermen, Mr. Leonard Robinson is imposed on the Petitioners as Chamberlain of the City; notwithstanding another Person was duly elected and declared by the Sheriff’s, and the Hall thereupon dissolved: 17

Mercurii, 3* die Decembris; 2* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

MR. Clark reports from the Committee to whom the Hildvard’* ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate, to enable Philip Hildyard, Esquire, to sell Lands in Surrey, and to settle Lands in Lincolnshire, in lieu thereof, was committed, That ftiey had agreed to the Bill, without any Amendments.

Mr. Price reports from the Committee to whom the Baynes’ Bill for vesting several Houses in the City of London, Estate, late the Estate of John Baynes, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, w as committed, That they had agreed to ah Amendment to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed to be reported to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lucy’s for securing the Portion of Elizabeth Lucy, and breeding Estate, her up a Protestant, and for transferring the Trust for that Purpose, was read the Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time.

Sir

Barnadis-tcn’s Estate.

Plantation

Servants.

Leave for Members to attend Lords.

Clandestine

Marriages.

jfrecetitbris. 493

Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee to

whom the Bill to free the Estate of Sir Samuel diston, Baronet, from several Incumbrances occasioned by a Judgment heretofore given against him, upon "an Information in the Court of King’s Bench at was committed, That they had considered of the same; and of the Petition of Sir John Barker; and had agreed upon a Clause, as to him: But that Sir Tho. withdrew his Pretence: And that they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of divers Merchants, Masters of Ships, Planters, and others, trading to the Foreign Plantations, was read; setting forth. That the Plantations cannot be maintained without a considerable Number of white Servants, as well to keep the Blacks in Awe, as for bearing Arms in case of an Invasion: That divers malicious Persons, after having voluntarily offered themselves to go Servants to the Plantations, and bound themselves to that Purpose, and received Money and Cloaths for their several Voyages, have pretended themselves spirited away, contrary to their Wills; and have caused the Merchants entertaining them to be prosecuted as Trepanners: To prevent which Abuses, the Merchants petitioned King Charles the Second for, and had an Office erected for binding all such Servants, and registering their Consents: And, conceiving, that the Confirmation of, and establishing the said Office by Act of Parliament, will be of great Use and Encouragement to the Plantation Trade, and praying Leave to bring in a Bill, to establish the said Office by Act of Parliament, with such Fees as shall be thought convenient.

Ordered, That Leave accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Lee and

Daniell.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Porter and Mr. Finch have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Hartstong and Lloyd.

Mr. Christy reports from the Committee to whom the Bill to prevent Clandestine Marriages, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: W'hich they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; except as to Proviso A; " That the Act shall not extend to Quakers, so as an Intention of Marriage between them be published Three several Days in their Assemblies, with Consent, of Parents, Guardians, or Tutors, in the Presence of Twelve Witnesses; and so as such Contract be registered in the publick Registry of the Parish where one of the Parties then dwelt, paying the usual Fee."

Which Proviso being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Proviso;

It passed in the Negative.

Also except as to Clause C; " That whereas Mary Wharton, an Infant, who hath by Force been unlawfully taken from her Relations by one Janies Campbell, ana others his Adherents; it enacts, That the Marriage be declared and made void."

Which Clause being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Clause;

Vol.X.

be given to, bring in a Bill

It passed in the Negative* ..

Afterwards a Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill; " That where a Father shall die, without devising the Custody or Tuition of his Children, and their Estate; that the Grandfather on the Father’s Side might do the same; and, if no Grandfather on the Fathers, then to him on the Mother’s Side; to do the same as the Grantees or Devisees of the Father might or could have doneWhich was once read.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for tire Yeas, {gjj }

Te..ers for«heNoes,{M^.' }.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the annulling and making void a Marriage between Mary Wharton, an Infant, and James Campbell.

Mr. Uarbord acquainted the House, That he, accord- An»wer to

ing to their Order, had presented to his Majesty the Ad- Address, dress, That his Majesty would be pleased to give effectual Order for an immediate Embargo to be laid upon all Ships (except such Ships as shall carry Ammunitions and Provisions only to the Plantations, the Complement of Men in such Ships. not to exceed Five hundred Men); that there may not be wanting a sufficient Number of able Seamen for the next Year’s Fleet:. And that his Majesty was pleased to say in Answer, That he had only permitted such Ships to go away, as he thought was absolutely necessary; viz.Two hundred Men to the badoes, One hundred Men to Jamaica, Eighty-five to the East Indies, Two hundred and Five to the Leeward Islands, Five to the Burmudas, Six to Pensilvania, Eighty-eight for the African Trade, and Twenty-nine to Newfoundland: And that there were another Sort of Ships which he permitted to go; some to the Ca-naryes, and some to Cales; whereof there is no Computation of the Number of Men: But had ordered Security to be taken of their Owners, that they Should come back on a certain Day; and had ordered the Convoys to bring them back.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Officers or Soldiers, Punishing who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, and Mutiny and for punishing false Musters, was read the Third time. Desertion.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out a Clause in the Bill, in Press 9. and 1 o. touching the setting the Prices of the Diet of Soldiers; in regard the same was a Tautology; That Matter being provided for in another Part of the Bill.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass i And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service; and for punishing false Musters.

Ordered, That Sir John Guise do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Dorchester vileges and Elections, touching the Election of Burgesses Election, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report, and Hearing at the Bar, Prideaux'* appointed to be this Day, touching the Bill for charging Claim* on the Estate of the late Lord Jeffreys, in,

with Fourteen thousand Seven hundred Sixty Pounds, and Interest, to Edmund Prideaux, Esquire, be on Tuesday Morning next.

6 I,

Attainting Persons in Rebellion.

Navy and Army Estimates , &c.

Supply Bill; East India Goods.

Haber-

dashers

Charity.

Sheafe’s

Estate.

494

3° — 4° Decembris. A. 1690.

Ordered, That the Bill for attainting the Persona that are, or have been, in Rebellion in England or Ireland, and for confiscating their Estates towards the bearing the Charge of the War, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That a Report from the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Estimates and Accompts relating to the Army, Navy, and Treasury, was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning, next after the reading the last mentioned Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting to their Majesties certain new Impositions, be brought in to the House Tomorrow Morning at Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Samuel Dashwood, Mr. Price, Sir IVm. Pritchard, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Brewer, Sir Cha.

Bloys, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the settling a Charity given by Robert Aske, Esquire, to the Company of Haberdashers of is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 4* die Decembris;

2* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

MR. Christy reports from the Committee to whom the Bill to enable Thomas to sell some Lands

for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife, according to an Agreement, was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, without any Amendment. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Which Amendments being severally read a Second time, one by one; the same were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Bray’s intituled, An Act for the better enabling Jane Bray, Estate. Widow, Relict and sole Executrix of the last Will of Reignald Bray, Esquire, deceased, and others, to the speedier raising of the Portions already appointed for her Daughters, by the said Reignald Bray, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- T. Williams' tituled, An Act for the raising Money out of the Estate Estau. of Thomas Williams, Esquire, deceased, by letting Leases, and otherwise, for the more speedy Payment of his Debts, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for preventing Escapes of Prisoners for Debt, Debtor? and for the more effectual Relief of the Subject in Cases Escape?, of Escapes, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to SirMath. drewes, Mr. Ryder, Sir Jotiath. Jennings, Sir Guise,

Major Vincent, Sir Peter Colliton, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr.

Kenyon, Sir Sam. Bemardiston, Mr. Birdett, Lord Nor-res, Mr. Bowyer, Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Mr.

Christie, Mr. Goldwell, Mr. Brewer, Sir Rob. Cotton,

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Arnold, Sir Rob.

Mr. Price, Mr. Willmott, Mr. Piggot, Mr. Biddolph, Sir Jerv. Elwes, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Dyott, Mr.

Burrard, Sir Rob.Dovers, Mr. England, Lord Sir Roger Puleston, Sir Tho. Mompesson: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Haber- Mr. Fqnwiqk reports froth the Committee to whom

dasher? the Bijl for settling the Charity given by Robert Aske,

anty' Esquire, deceased, to the Company of Haberdashers of

Zondon, was committed, That the Committee had agreed upon an Amendment to be made in the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with tl»e Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

York Build- Ordered, That the Bill for the better Encouragement, ings Water and carrying on and settling the Waterworks in York Company. Builditigs, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Chambre’s, Sir Robert Cotton reports from the Committee to whom, &c. Nat. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing of Francis de la Chambre, and others, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Table: Where the same were read; and are as

followeth; viz.'

Press 1. Line 11. after the Word " Holland," leave out " and."

Line 13, after " Mastreitch," add " Godfrey Son of Hubert Roosen and Mary his Wife, born in Emmerich, in the Dukedom of Cleve, in the Dominion of the Elector of Brandenburgh; Charles Coke, Gentleman, Son of Captain Gilbert Coke and Elizabeth his Wife, born at Zuiphen in G elder land"

Line 27. Leave out the first "and;" and, after the Word " Isaac,"add " Gods rey Roosen, Cha,. Coke."

Line 40. The same Amendment, after " Vandernutrsh." Press 2. Line 1. Leave out " her."

Line 11. Leave out " she."

Line 19. Leave out the first "and;" and, after " Isaac," add " Godfrey , Charles Coke."

15

Ordered, That the Bill for the better securing the King’s Preventing Highways from Robbers, and for the satisfying Persons Robberies, robbed, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the annulling and making void a Marriage Annulling between Mary Wharton, an Infant, and James Campbell, Campbell’s Esquire, was, according to Order, presented to the House; MamaSe* and received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Attorney General, according to Order, presented Supply Bills; to the House Two Bills for granting to their Majesties E*81 certain new Impositions; viz. the one a Bill for granting Good#* certain new Impositions upon all East India Goods and Merchandize, and other Goods and Merchandize, to their Majesties: The other a Bill for continuing certain wine Duties^ Impositions upon Wine, Vinegar, and Tobacco. &c.

And the said Bill for granting certain new Impositions upon all East India Goods and Merchandize, and other Goods and Merchandize to their Majesties, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And the said Bill for continuing certain Impositions on Wine, Vinegar, and Tobacco, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. May, of Chichester, have Leave.Leave of to go into the Country for a Fortnight. Absence.

A Bill for attainting several Persons in Rebellion in Attainting England and Ireland, and for confiscating their Estates, Persons in and applying the same towards the Charge of the present Rebellion. War, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House, upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, That the House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Accordingly, the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House.

Mr.

3 W. £$ M>

Leave for Member to attend Lords.

Rosseter's

Estate.

African

Company.

Bray’s

Estate.

York Buildings Water Company

Reversing

Judgment

against

Arnold.

4* — 5* De

495

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill: And had directed him to move the House, That they might have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between JVyvell and Hull/,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 5* die Deeembris; ,

A Bill for die annulling and making void a Marriage Annulling between Mary Wharton, an Infant, and James Cambell, Cambell's Esquire, was read the Second time. Marriage.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Major Vincent,

Mr. Travers, Sir Christopher Musg Mr. Beare, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Mr. Tayler,

Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Arnold, Sir Gilbert Clarke, Mr. wyn, Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Slaughter, Mr. England, Mr.

Hutchinson, Sir Cha. Sidley, Mr. Christie, Mr.

Mr. Musgrave, Colonel Birch, Sir Cha.. Bloys, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Dowdswell, Mr. Fenwick, Mr.

Mr. Downey, Sir Rob. Edon, Sir Orlando Gee, Mr. Lamp-

ton, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Sir Ralph Carre, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Blowfeild, Sir Jervas Elwes, Mr. Rich. How, Mr.

Dyott, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Bockenham, Mr. England, Mr. Biddolph, Sir John Btrs/wklozo, Mr. Ramsden t And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber r And arte impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

2 Gulielmi et Maris.

P RA Y ERS.

ABIL L to enable John Rosseter, Esquire, to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, was read the Second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr. Travers, Mr. Thomhaugh, Mr. Buscazcen, Mr. Hedger, Sir Tho. Sir Roger

Pulcston, Sir Jeivas Elzees, Lord Falkland, Sir JVm. Ho-neyzvood. Sir Rob. Dovers, MrMr. Bloufeild, Mr. Arnold, A[r. Biddolph, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Waller, Mr. Christie, Mr. Burdett, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Greenvile, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Slaughter, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Ralph Dutton, and all the Alembers that serve for the County of Lincolne: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Peter Collyton presented to the House, a Bill for the settling the Affrican Trade for the best Benefit of the Nation, according to Order: And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better enabling Jane Bray, Widow, Relict and sole Executrix of the last Will and Testament of Reignald Bray, Esquire, deceased, and others, to the speedy Raising of the Portions already appointed for her Daughters, by the said Reignald Bray, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Air. Piggott, Air.

Freeman, Mr. Slaughter, Mr. Mr. Cooke,

Air. Blozvfeild, Sir Wm. Honywood, Mr. Travers, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Geo. Willoughby, Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. St. Johns, Mr. England, Mr. Chadwick, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Rich. How, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Arnold, Lord Sherrard, Mr. Ash, Mr. Waller, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Beare, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Clarke/ Mr. Onslow, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Berks, Gloucester, and Oxon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

.. A Alotion being made, and the Question being put, Leave of That Sir Wm. Ellis have Leave to go into the Country Absence, for a Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas I1'0"1 Com\

Ieilers for the i eas,|Mr Godolpj /4‘

Tellers for the Noes,/?!' Tlio. lierJ ’ [Mr. Ryder, J

So it was resolved in, the Affirmative.

59-

Sir Alath. Andrezces reports from the Committee to Act of Navi-whom the Bill for suspending, during the War with France, gation re" that Part of the Act of Navigation which obliges English lj^Seainem Ships to sail with English Seamen, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And a Clause being offered to be made Part of the Bill for Liberty to export Com in English Ships; the- same was twice read.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the said Clause, be recommitted to the same Committee to whom the Bill was committed: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock in the Speakers Chamber: And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do prepare and bring in a Clause, That all such Foreign Ships as were in the Hands of Englishmen, in the Year 1685, and which were allowed by the Act made in the First Year of the late King James, intituled, An Act to encourage the Building of Ships in England, paying the Twelve-pence per Ton by the said Act, be allowed, paying the same Duty, to navigate with Foreign Seamen.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee,

That the said Committee allow all Ships called Catts to trade for Alasts during the present War;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Encouragement and carrying on and settling the Waterworks in York Buildings be read a Second time Tomorrow Alorning.

An ingrossed Bill for reversing a Judgment given in the Court of King’s Bench against John Arnold, Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That1 the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reversing a Judgment given in the Court of King’s Bench against John Arnold, Esquire.

Ordered, That Sir John Guise do carry the said Bill t* the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Yol. X.

Sir Samuel Bernadiston, according to the Order of the Navy and Day, reported from the Committee to whom the Consi- Army Esti deration of the Estimates and Aqcompts relating to the mate*’tc* Navy, and Treasury, were referred, That the State of the Accompt of the Army appeared to them to be as followed!; viz.

Accompt*

49 6

Navy and Army Estimates, &c.

183,000

24,35S 4 11

3,000-----

3,*00-----

8,933 4 9 6,225 1 10

60,653 4 —

To AccomptErrors appears; viz In Fo^Accompt is ^e

returned to Ireland, and with Thirty thousand Pounds lying at Chester ready to return, the Suni of

Of which Sum, in his Accompt of) what paid, and in he hath I

charged the Army with no morel

than - - - " "

Which Sum subtracted from the for- mer, there remains with the Army, I _______

as paid to them, the Sum of -Which sinks the Arrears of the Debt. J More Mr. low hath paid to the Army, in the following Particulars; viz.

In Cloathing -In Bread - For Recruit Horse

Which Sums, the Army is Debtor for,] and sinks the Arrears of its Debt f More Mr. Fox hath paid to several]

Troops and Regiments of Horse, as > appears in hisAccomptparticularlyJ More by ditto Accompt to the Regiment of Dragoons -More to several Regiments of Foot,] as by ditto Accompt given in by?

Mr. Fox, the Sum of - J

Of which Sum the said Mr. Fox alleges a Wrong done to himself, by an Allowance of the following Sum received of Mr. Harbord, being Money paid him, on Account, to the Regiments of Bolton, Castle-ton, and Sir George St. George, the Sum of

Which Sum subtracted from the] above, there remains to be charged I on the Army, to sink the Arrears in f the general Accompt of its Debt j More to disbanded Regiments, whichj

mustsink the Arrears abo, as plain-1

ly appears in the general Ac-f compt, and is a double Charge J More made paid to the Danish Regiments, which must be allowed here I also, to sink the Arrears in the general Accompt - - - J

More made paid to the Ho

which must sink the Arrears, as I by the general Accompt appears J More to reformed Officers, made paid] in his particular Accompt, yeti charged in the general Accompts; J and therefore must sink the Arrears J

50 Decembris.

Accompts of the Army; are Debtor.

£. s. d.

J. 1690.

d.

2 Si-

48,539 17 34

30,558 4 "

Besides Carriages, Horses, 8yc.

To Mr. Wharton, To John Freeman

£. s. d. 4,200 — — 500-----

In all - 4,700

30,434

30,219 2 9

3,559 —

53i 5 3

156 5 —

814 15 9

Accompt Errors, as appears by examining and comparing the joint Accompts of Mr. Fox and Mr.

Harboard, being particularly demonstrated, as followeth; viz.

Paid by Mr. Harboard to Dukej Schomberg's Troops, the Sum of /

To General Officers of the Army To Officers Respits, allowed To the Hospitals in Ireland To French reformed Officers Disbanded Officers Allowance of)

Half-pay -

To the Danes, paid -ToSubsistence Money said to be paid") by Mr. Harboard to the Army in 1 243 262 1 ft _ general, no Particulars aoneanL 1 I43, 3 8

Butin totois - &JnZ7~-----

£-372,453 7

50,438 16 5i-129,536 18 7f

450

14,546 360 10,932 19,565

4,802 78,532 —

9

18

16

8

10i

8 4

Besides said to bepaid]

to the King of Den-166,827k

marhe - - - J0

2i

Of

2 W.tf.M.

Of which Sum, Mr. does allow' in his Accompt of what is due and in Arrear of the . Army, but the Sum of

Which Sum subtracted from the above, there remains to be charged to the Army’s Debt to sink the Arrears, the Sum of - -

More, Mr. Harbord's Accompt Provisions; viz.

Paid to Captain Shales on that Account To Wm. Robinson, &c. on Account!

of Provisions - - -J

To Mr. Wright and Partners, on ditto To Mr. Fielding on ditto Account, for!

Corn - -j

To Isaac Per era to provide Bread!

pro Army - - - -J

To Mr. Henley for Provisions -

To Nr. Hawes wad Rat board for Cheese To Mr. Greenhill for Provisions

To Mr. Hambleton on ditto Account To Mr. Poltinger on ditto Account -

To Mr. Addison on ditto Account -To Mr. Anth.Rmce for Hay -

To Major General on

Account of Provisions

5

<£' s.

282,719 13

Decembris

497

d.

9i

S. (I.

Navy^and Army Estimates, &C0

89*733 13

28,409 8 8

12,425 13 4

40,664 11 — 1 X

2,001 8 —

56,000 — —

30,834 —; —

8,560 10 10

1,200 — -

60 — . —

100 — - —

2,000 — —

8,500 — —

1,500 — . —

Besides paid to relieve! Londonderry,. unto > Mat. Ander -J

To Sir WmGore

To Sir ./ay. Allen -

£. , s. d. 2,000 — —

1,252 10 — i,735 18 1

£. 192,256 1 9

£. 4,988 8 1

Of which Sufflfs, the Army hath yet! allowed, whichMr. Harbord charges > himself with, only the Sum of -J Which Sum being deducted remains! to be charged on the Army, to sink > the Arrears of Debt, the Sum of -J More paid by Mr. Harboard for Cloaths and other Necessaries for the Army to several Persons, the Sums following;

To Mr. Anderton -To Colonel Godfrey, and others, his Accompt -J

To Mr. Harnage for Coats and Sur touts, as per Accompt To John George, and Wm.

for Shoes - - - - -J

To Robert A chain for ditto -ToRobcrt Lord, and Partners, for Shoes To Wm.Southmede, of Mercer,!

for Cloaks and Coats - -J

To John Gyles, and Crawley,' for|

Horseshoes - - -J

4,593 -

187,663

13,134

43,958

5,500

1,833

1,100

2,914

72 1,234

4 —

7 3

6 8

8 —

£. 69,746 '7 7

Paid more by, Mr.' Harbord for Carriage Horses to Captain Shales To Mr. Perera, on ditto Account For Holland And for Tents -

4,800-----

Arms bought

1,600-----

8 4

4,255 14 3,i6o 19

T.o Recruit Horses; viz. To Lord Overkirke, the Sum of

To Mr. Comptroller Wharton

£. 13,886 14 —

20,800

15,400

£. 36,200

So that the foregoing Sums sinks the

Accompt general of Arrears -J

To several Sums of Money received by Mr. Harbord, and Mr. Fox for which they Should, by Warrant, deduct Poundage; and the Sums are therefore here particularly set down, that the Deduction may the plain-lier appear;

Mr. Harbord received out of the! -o0, Q , .1

Exchequer - - - -j’5/8,848 13 4r

Received more by him from ditto - 494,439 19 3

Gained by the Exchequer, of Gui-j

neas he received there, and paid in !> 4,131 12 6

Ireland - - - - -J__________

SothatMr.Zfar&>/Y/, in all, received^. 1,077,420 5 i»

VttL. X,

105,946 7 7

6 K

Mr.

49?

Decmbris.

j&. 1690.

Navy and Army Estimates, &c.

Mr. Fox received out of the Exchequer, as followeth;

At one time -More from ditto Place More from the same Place -More from the same Place -More from ditto -

More from ditto

From the Receiver of the Poll Mo-"I ney of Yorkshire - - -J

From the Receiver of Staffordshire From the Receiver of Shropshire -FromMr. MorganWhitley of Chester

-By several Tallies struck by several! Tradesmen - - - J

J£. s. d.

43.000

23.000

15.000

30.000

41,57?

10.000

6 1

20,000-----

2,988-----

2,000-----

5,362-----

50,257 2 — 243,185 8 1

The Lord Ranelagh received, out of) 8 fi

the Exchequer, the Sum of p»75,4»o

7 2

<£.3,196,086 _ 5| 512,880 1 4i

J

the Poundage of vrhichSum of Three Millions One hundred Ninety-six thousand Eighty-six Pounds and Five-pence Halfpeny amounts to, atTwelve-pence in the Pound, the Sum of - - - i

Deduct so much of this Poundage! Money, as Mr. Haallows in I his own Charge to have stopped f and disposed of, as perAccompt J

So that the Remains of Poundage Money to sink the Accompt of Arrears, the aforesaid Sum of Twelve Thousand Nine hundred Nine Pounds Three Shillings and Eleven-pence being deducted, the Sum of -Accompt Errorsin Days Pay, wherein that Accompt of the Regiments are all expressed, and the Days Pay particularly allow ed to all of them, according to Establishment, and no Allowance being made for disbanded Regiments; so that the least that can be ded ucted for them by Proportion, no Muster Roll appearing, the Sum of Which must be applied to sink the Arrears of the Army,

To Cash in the Earl of Ranelagh's Hand, as appears by the Balance of his own Accompts

Army Debtor to Balance of this Accompt, as it now appears to us, allowing the Commissioners own Accompts, noMuster Rollsappearing, but as brought in and made up according to Establishment, without any Deduction or Allowance of dead and absent Soldiers, there remains due to the Army but

159,804-----

12,909 3 11

It is queried, Whether Poundage is to be allowed upon several sums paid by Mr. Harbord unto the King of Denmark, Arms bought in Holland, Tents, and Contingencies; and then there may be an Objection made of about Tw enty or Thirty thousand Pounds; which not appearing to us, w’e leave it as the Accompt now stands. '

146,895.

6,000 — —

5,503 7 H

3,196,086 — 51 671,278 10 7

648,060 14 8£

By Arrears due First October 1690, made up by Mr. Fox, &c. according to the Establishment, to the Army under the Care of Mr. Har-

bord, Mr. Fox, and Mr. Cog as appears by the said Foxe's Accompt - -

By Arrears due to the Army under the Care of the Earl of Ranelagh,

First October 1690, made up according to Establishment -By Arrears said to be due to the ]

Dutch Forces, according to the I Establishment, to the First Octo- >138,959 6 9

her 1690, as by the Earl of I ________

Jagh's Accompt thereof - - J 998,439 6 —

And more to be queried in Account of Arrears, where he is charged Twenty thousand Seven hundred Ninety-six Pounds Three Shillings and Eight-- - - - 327,160 15 5$ pence, said to be paid to the Scotch

Regiment.

Accompts of the Army per contra are Creditor,

211,419 4 7$-

And

2 W. M. 55 Decembr. , 499

And that the Committee had, upon the whole Accompts of the Army come to their Hands, made several Observations, as followeth; viz.

1st, That none of the Accompts express, When the Regiments came first into Pay; although it is certain the Pay of them began at several times.

2. That there is no Time set down, when the Regiments that were broken were disbanded; so the Truth of their Payment, as to their just Time, doth not appear.

3. That these Accompts of Time being wanting, it is

not possible to know, Whether there is justly due to the Army, the Arrears which the Accompt mentions: But taking it de bene esse, the Deductions and Exceptions be-

fore mentioned ought to sink that Accompt of Arrears.

4. That all the Accompts of what is due and in Arrear to the Army, is calculated according to the Establishment, and not according to Muster; which could the Committee have had, their Opinion is, the Army would have been indebted to the King.

5. That there are great Sums charged in general for

Contingencies, amounting in the Whole to Fifty-five thousand Four hundred Thirty-three PoundsThirteen Shillings and Eleven-pence, of which no Particulars appear to the Committee, except some few in Mr. Accompt.

6. That the Committee hitherto had been able only to examine the Accompt of the Army; they find, beside the Accompts from the Ordnance, Navy, and Commissioners for Transports, great Sums of Money paid for Transports, for Mr. Harbord and Mr. Fox, in the Army Accompt; viz. by Mr. Fox, Thirteen thousand Pounds;

- -and, by Air. Harbord, Twenty-nine thousand Two hundred Sixty Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight-pence.

7. That they find a Charge for Works and Fortifications, brought in by the Office of the Ordnance, to the Sum of Seventeen thousand Nine hundred Eighty-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven-pence Half-peny, the Particulars of which appear in that Accompt; besides which, the Lord Ranelagh charges to Garisons, Sixteen thousand Four-hundred Fifty-one Pounds Five Shillings and One Peny Three Farthings, of which he gives no Particular; and so it doth not appear to the Committee, what Accompt it doth properly belong to.

8. That the Lord Ranelagh brings in among the Arrears, what was due to the Regiments of JVerden, Butler, Gage, Ellyot, Newcastle, Hamilton, and Dorrington, to

clear them to the Days on which they were disbanded, the Sum of Seven thousand One hundred Eighty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven-pence; besides Ten thousand Eight hundred. Fifty-two Pounds Nine Shillings and a Peny paid to them and the I Guards; to Independent Companies; to Companies in New England, and Colonel

Cames Regiment, when they were disbanded: But he gives no Accompt when they were disbanded, or whether they were ever in the Service of this Government, or how the Lord Ranelagh his own Accompt stood, when the late King James went away, by which it might have appeared, Whether he had any Monies then in his Hand to pay them.

9. That the Lord Ranelagh paid to the English Forces in Flanders, out of the Product of Tin, which Sum is not yet brought to the Accompt of the particular Regiments there, Eight thousand Four hundred Pounds: The Committee, until the Lord explains it, cannot determine, Whether that Sum ought to sink the Arreafs or not.

10. That the Committee having before them several Persons whom Mr. Harbord charges to have paid them Monies on Account of Provisions and Cloaths; so many of them that have appeared, do own the Money received accordingly; and say, They will bring in their Accompts: But that the Committee have wanted Time to receive them all, or to examine any, but leave that to further Time, and Directions of the House: But that, in the mean time, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which Sir Sam. Bernadislon read in his Place; and after-

wards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Vo l. X.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Navy *nd That what Provisions have been made for the Army in Army Esti-Ireland, except Provisions in a Ship called the - mate*, &c.

tien, which was cast away in the Isle of Man, ought not to be charged as a Debt to the Publick, but ought1 to be deducted out of their Arrears.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee,

That whatever Cloathing has been made for the Armies, and brought to Accompt, ought not to be charged as a Debt to the Publick, but ought to be deducted out of the Arrears.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That whatever Sums have issued out for Recruit Horses for the Armies, ought not to be charged as a Debt to the Public, but ought to be deducted Out of the Arrears. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Tlvelve-pence in the Pound ought to be deducted Out of whatever Monies have been issued out and paid to the Use of the Army, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants.

Sir Sam. Bernadiston also reported from the Said Committee, That they had considered the Petition of the Masters and Owners of the Transport Ships; and that they alledged, That there is due to them about the Sum of Three hundred and Twenty thousand Pounds; and that the Commissioners employed for Transport Ships, do, by their Accompt delivered in to this House the Thirtieth of October last, own, That there was then due for Transport Ships, the Sum of Two hundred Eighty-five thousand Two hundred Ninety-two Pounds Two Shillings and Five-pence: And that the Committee do humbly recommend it to the Consideration of the House,

That some speedy Course be taken to pay oft' the said Debt; which the Committee conceive will be for the Honour of his Majesty, and Service of the Nation: For it hath also been made appear to the Committee, by several of Masters and Owners of Transport Ships, That several of them have been arrested, and do now lie under Arrests in several great Actions, by Seamen, for Wages, and other Tradesmen: That their Ships have been also arrested; and that if some speedy Course be not taken for their Relief, their said Ships will be condemned, and they, with their Wives and Children, inevitably perish.

He also acquainted the House, That the Committee had several other Things in relation to the Accompts to them referred under their Consideration: But that they were not ready as yet to make any Report to the House thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next: And that the Persons who are concerned therein may have Copies thereof, and of the said Observations and Resolutions.

Then the Bill for granting certain new Impositions Supply Bill $ upon all East India Goods and Merchandize, and upon East hidia other Goods and Merchandize, to their Majesties, was ^oods* ead the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Committee have Powei; to prepare and bring in a borrowing Clause to the said Bill.

Then the Bill for continuing certain Impositions on Supply Bill; Wine, Vinegar, and Tobacco, was read a Second time. " in* duties.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Committee have Power to prepare and bring in a borrowing Clause to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Colonel Grant 'dehave Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Six Days.’ . Absence.

A Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to Commis-take the Publick Accompts, was read the Second time, sioner* of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee AccomPts-of the whole House.

Resolved,

Attainting Persons in Rebellion.

Earl of

Salisbury’s

Estate.

Committees.

Trade with France.

Debtors

Escapes.

York Buildings Water Company.

Serle’s

Estate.

Aulnage

Duty.

500

5& — 6° Decembris.

A. 1690.

Resolved, That, this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for Attainting of the Persons that are or have been in Rebellion in England and and for confis-

eating their Estates, and applying the same towards the Charge of the present War.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for limiting the Power of James now Earl of bury, to cut off the Intail of his Estate, was committed, be made upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Travers and Mr. Trelawny be added to the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the more effectual putting in Execution the Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke, Mr, Mr. Stock-

dale, Mr. Thomhaugh, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Lewktwr, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Henley, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing Escapes of Prisoners for Debt, and for the more effectual Relief of the Subject, in Cases of Escapes, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 6° die Decembris',

2® Gulielmi Mari®.

Prayers.

ABILL for the better encouraging and carrying on and settling the Waterworks in York Buildings, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Boscowen, Mr. Pollcxfen, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Wm. Langham, Sir

Rob. Davers, Mr. Slater, Mr. Christie, Mr. Curie, Lord Falkland, Sir Rob. Rich, SirTho. P

nadiston, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Peter Colleton, Mr. Palmes, Sir Jerv. Elwes, Sir John Guise, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Price, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Phillips, Air.

Ogle, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Bertie, Air.

Sherrard, Sir Wm. Cooper, Lord Air. England,

Air. Howard, Mr. Brexcer, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Done, Mr. B/owfeild, Air Ash, Mr. Pollexfe Air. Sir

Poultney: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Mo a Alember of this

House, be heard before the said Committee as to his Interest in relation to the said Bill.

Air. Ogle reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for selling the Estate of Hemy Serle Esquire, deceased, was committed, That they had agreed upon a Proviso to be added to the Bill as an Amendment thereto; wdiich they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Proviso A. ‘ ‘ That nothing in the Bill contained shall be construed to invalidate certain Articles made between the Benchers of Lincolne'sInn, and Henry Serle aforesaid,

dated Eleventh July 34® Car. IP1; but that the same shall be in as good Force as they now are."

The said Proviso being read a Second time; the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, Thai the Bill for transferring the Duty and 15

Subsidy of Aulnage to the Custom-house, be now read the Second time.

The Bill was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air.

Air. Arnold, Mr. Busccrwcn, Mr. Gray, Mr. Air.

Thomson, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Rob. Holmes, Sir Tho.

Darcy, Mr. Slater, Colonel Birch, Mr. Beddingfeild,

Sir John Barker, Mr. Done, Mr. Solicitor General,

Sir John Guise, Sir Sam. Bernadiston Air.

Sir Tho. Bernadiston, Lord Cornbury, Air.

Sir Cha. Porter, Mr. Guyn, Sir Edm. Jennings, Air.

Price, Sir Fran. Blake, Mr. ThomhaughAir. Cary, Air.

Carew, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Foley, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir JVm. Hon Air. Palmes, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Bickerstqff 'e, Sir Jennings,

Mr. Perry, Sir Jerv.Elwes, Colonel Birch, Sir

Mr. Brmmdcrw, Mr. Kenyon, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir Phil. Skippon, Mr. Foley, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Burdet, Air.

Bowyer, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sir

Dorrell, Mr. Robinson, Sir Fran. Massam, Air.

Air. Reignolds: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Dutchess of Richmond and Lenox be heard before the said Committee, as to her Interest in the said Duty: And that the said Committee have Pow'er to receive and consider of a Clause for securing the same, if they think fit

A Petition of Rich. Scys, Esquire, was read; setting Aulnage forth, That, 1682, he purchased a Relit-charge of the Uut>-Dutchess of Riphmond, of One hundred Thirty-eight Pounds per Annum, issuing out of the Relit reserved to her on the Farm of the Aulnage, for which he paid to her One thousand One hundred Forty-eight Pounds for the Remainder of her Term: And, for that, by the Bill before the House, it is designed the Duties of Subsidy and Aulnage shall be paid at the Custom-house, w hereby the Petitioner’s Right may be prejudiced: And praying the Care and Provision of his Right by the House in the said Bill, that he may receive his said Relit-charge, as before.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to w hom the Bill for transferring the Duty and Subsidy of Aulnage to the Customhouse, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vexatious for preventing vexatious Suits against such as acted for Suits for act-their Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom, was read the First time. Kingdom.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Dorchester Privileges and Elections, touching the Election of the Klect"111* Burgesses to serve in this. present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, be made upon Wednesday Aloming next.

Then the Order of the Day for the House to resolve Attaintin* itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, to consider Pers«"s further of the Bill for Attainting of the Persons that are e,)e lon" or have been in Rebellion in England or Ireland, and for confiscating their Estates, and applying the same for the Charge of the War, was read;

Resolved, That the House will now proceed on the said Order.

A Petition of the Lady Hume was presented to the Mathews’ House. forfeited

Resolved, That the Petition be read. Es ate*.

The Petition was read; setting forth, That she was forced to repair out of Ireland into this Kingdom, for the Safety of her Life, from the Designs of her late Husband Captain George Mathews' Relations, who were Papists, and averse to the present Government there; and that after his Majesty’s Success at the Boyne, the Petitioner w ent over again, her Husband being dead, hoping to get her Thirds of her said Husbands real and personal

Estate

i° Decembri,

Attainting Persons in Rebellion.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Y. Williams’ Estate.

.aW.tfM. 6° — 8° — o

Sot

Estate; but was disappointed by her Husbands Daughter-in-law, who hath gotten and converted the same to her own Use, although the Petitioner brought her Husband an Estate of near Ten thousand Pounds, which he oft promised Should be secured for her, but it was not; but has left the Petitioner without Subsistence: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and to grant to her such Saving in the Bill of Attainder, as shall be thought fit.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for Attainting of the Persons that are or have been in Rebellion in England or Ireland', and for confiscating their Estates and applying the same to bear the Charge of the War.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mri Solicitor General reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move the House, That they might have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, after the Business of the City of London is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the said Bill.

Resolved, That Clauses be prepared and brought in for the more effectual Applying of the Forfeitures in England and Ireland, to be a Security for the raising of Money towards the Charge of the present War.

Resolved, That a Clause be prepared and brought in for reserving a Proportion of the Forfeitures in England and Ireland to his Majesty’s Disposal.

And it is referred to Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Rob. Cotton, Colonel Austen, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr.

Serjeant Blincoe, Sir Walt. Young, Mr. Buscawen, Colonel Birch, Mr. Roberts, Sir Cha. Porter, Sir Edw. mor, Mr. Leving, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Jos. Williamson, Mr. Montague, Sir Rich. Mr. Traverse,

Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Cary, or any Three of them, to prepare, and bring in the said Clauses: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. And it is recommended to Mr. Serjeant Blincoe to take care therein.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 8° die Decembris;

2® Gulielmi el Maria?.

Prayers.

ABIL L for Relief of poor Prisoners, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Roberts, S:r Edw. Aiscough, Serjeant Wogan, Sir John Barker, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bracer, Mr. Foot, Sir Tfto. Thurbarne, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Greenfeild, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Rich. How, Mr. Mr. Travers,

Mr, Bickcrstaffe, Sir John DMr. Christie, Mr.

Burdett, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Bouyei', Sir Rob. Rich,

Sir Tho. Travell, Mr. Harly, Sir Walter Young, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Pollerfen, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Blowfeild, Sir Rich. Sir Rob.

Nappier, Colonel Birch, Mr. Kenyon, Sir Jervas Elwes, Sir Tho.Grosvenor, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Bus-

cawen, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Cooke, Mr. England, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Parker, Mr. Perry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the raising of Money out of the Estate of Thomas Vol. X.

Williams, Esquire, deceased, by letting Leases,- and otherwise, for the more speedy Payment of his Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Boscazt'en, Mr.' Roberts, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr Mr. Bade,

Mr. Vincent, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Beare, Mr. fen, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Onslow, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Edward Aiscough, Mr, Hedger, Mr. Christie, Mr. Rich. Hoic, Mr. Sir Wm. Cooke,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. England, Mr. Price, Mr. Waller, Mr. Freeke, Mr. Foot, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Greenfeild, Mr.

Thornhaugh, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr.

Brockenham, Mr. BrownlozvAnd all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cornewall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Harley reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for annulling and making void a Marriage between Mary Wharton, an Infant, and James Campbell, Esquire, was committed, That they had agreed to some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

o t

An ingrossed Bill for freeing the Estate of Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Baronet, from several Incumbrances, occasioned by a Judgment given against him upon an Information in the Court of Ring’s Bench, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for freeing the Estate of Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Baronet, from several Incumbrances, occasioned by a Judgment given against liim upon an Information in the Court of King's Bench.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Then, according to the Order of the Day, the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, and their Counsel; and the Members of the Common Council of the said City, subscribing the Petition formerly presented to the House, and their Counsel; were called in.

Whereupon the Petition, and the Order thereupon, was read.

And the Petitioners Counsel were heard, and divers Witnesses were examined, touching the Matter of the said Petition.

And the Lord Mayor and Aldermen, and their Counsel, being withdrawn, and also the Petitioners, and their Counsel;

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor and Aldermen, and their Counsel, be heard at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, touching the Matter of the said Petition; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Ordered, That all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better preventing the Escapes of Prisoners in the Prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet, is committed.

And then the House adjeurned till Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 9* die Decembris;

2° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

R D ERED, That Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Cha. Porter, and Mr. Finch, have Leave to attend the 6 L Lords,

Annulling

Campbell'*

Marriage.

Bernadiston*

Estate.

London Corporation.

Committees.

Debtors

Escapes.

Leave for Members to attend Lords.

9° Decmbris.

York Buildings Water Company.

East India Company.

Leave for Member to attend Lords.

502

Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between the Earl of

Dorsettand Powle.

A Petition of Hugh Merchant, Gentleman, Proprietor or Lessee of Marybone Waterwork, was read; setting

forth, That the Proprietors of the Thames Waterwork in Yorke Building have a Bill lying before the House, for the better Encouragement of their Waterwork: That the Petitioners Waterwork hath been of Thirty-six Years standing, and served Covent Garden, St. Martin's Lane, and other Places, with Water at easy rates: And praying, That the like Proviso may be added to the Bill as is permitted to the Company of the New River Water,' whereby the Petitioner’s Right may be preserved.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the encouraging, carrying on, and settling the Waterworks at York Buildings, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. White have Leave to withdraw his Petition against the East India Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Tremaine have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between and Blithe.

A. 16go.

Bra/sEstate. Mr. Harcourt reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better enabling Jane Bray, Widow, Relict and sole Executrix of the last Will of Reginald Bray, Esquire, deceased, and others, to the speedier Raising of the Portions already appointed for her Daughters by the said Reginald Bray, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and are as followeth;

Press 1, Line 1, after " of," add " Reginald Bray, of Great Barrington in the County of Glocester and Esquire, deceased."

Line 2, after " Jane," add " his Wife."

Line 8, after " Estate," add, " of."

The said Amendments being read a Second time, one by one; they were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be read the Third time.

Prideaux’s Ordered, That the Report and Hearing at the Bar, ap-Claim on pointed to be this Day, touching the Bill for charging Lord Jeffryes. ^ie Estate of the late Lord in Leicestershire,

with the Sum of Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, and Interest, to Edmund Prideaux, Esquire, be upon Thursday Morning next.

Privilege.

Debtors

Escapes.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Breach of Privilege against Sir Carbury Price, Baronet, a Member of this House, formerly directed, be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Friday Morning next.

A Petition of the Filazers of the Court of Common Pleas was read; setting forth, That in a Bill before this House, for the preventing the Escapes of Prisoners, there is a Clause, That in Cases where Defendants cannot be easily arrested; upon Affidavit made, That a Copy of the Capias or Process was left in such Manner as by the Bill is directed; that then, upon Motion, and upon a Declaration being left as directed, a Rule of Court shall be made for Judgment against such Defendant, as if he had appeared, and refused to plead therein: Which new Method or Course proposed will, in a great measure, lessen the Process, and consequently the Profits of the Petitioners respective Offices, which are their Freeholds: And praying to be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better preventing the Escapes of Prisoners in the Prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet, is committed.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Master, Wardens, Assistants, Trad* with and Commonality of the Company of Weavers of London, Franee* and Canterbury, was read; setting forth, That *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the more effectual putting in Execution the Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France; and to report their Opinions therein to the House: And that Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Thom.

Darcye, Sir Sam. Bemadiston, Mr. Glemham, Sir John Dorrell, Colonel Lee, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Rob.

Cotton, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Pitts, Serjeant Wogan,

Mr. Jeffryes, Sir Jervas Elwes, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Russell, and all the Members of the House who are Merchants, be added to the said Committee: And the usual Quorum to be thereof: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr.' Solicitor General do, Tomorrow Distillation Morning, bring in the Bill for encouraging the Distilling Brandy, of Brandy from Corn.

Colonel Birch presented a Bill to the House for the Determining speedier Determining of Elections of Members to serve Elections, in Parliament: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bills for regulating and licensing Hackney Hackney Coaches, be read a Second time upon Friday Coaches. Morning next.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders to Virginia Embargo, and Maryland, was presented to the House; and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid out above One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds in fitting out divers Ships under the repeated Encouragements from the King and Council, of having a Convoy and Liberty for Eight hundred Men: That the said Ships are sailed from the Downes under their Convoy with their Men; yet upon the Address of this House, wherein no Provision is made for any Ships to go to the said Colony, his Majesty hath ordered a Stop to be laid on them till May next, which will be a Loss of Forty thousand Pounds at least to the Concerned, besides the Ruin of many Inhabitants there depending on this Fleet r And praying, that this House would intercede with his Majesty for taking off the said Stop by Embargo. As also

Another Petition of the Merchants and Planters trading to and concerned in the Island of Barbadoes, was read; setting forth, That his Majesty was pleased to permit such a Number of Ships to go to Barbadoes as might be sailed with Four hundred Seamen: Which encouraged to load out such Ships; and they are sailed from the Downes; but that, upon the late Address of this House to his Majesty, his Majesty hath thought fit to retrench the Number to about Half; the Doing whereof, if not retrieved, will ruin many of the Petitioners, and be of fatal Consequence to the said Plantation: And praying the Interposition of this House: and that they would represent the Matter to his Majesty. And also

Another Petition of Ihc Merchants and Planters of Jamaica, was presented; and read; setting forth, That they had Orders from his Majesty for Two hundred Seamen to proceed for Jamaica; upon which they loaded their Ships, the which are sailed from the Downes; but that his Majesty, upon the Address of this House, hath permitted the Petitioners to have but One hundred Seamen; whereby Six of their Vessels so sailed must return

back,-to the Loss and Ruin of the Proprietors, as well as 22 the

a W. & M. 90 — io%--i i° — 12® Decembris.

5°3

Annulling

Cambell's

Marriage.

the Danger of the Island, for jvant of such Supplies: And praying, That the House wouldmake such Representation of the Matter to his Majesty, as to them shall he thought fit.

Resolved, That the Members of this House, that are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly represent the Matter of the said several Petitions to his Majesty; humbly beseeching his Majesty to order therein, as his Majesty, in his great Wisdom, shall think fit

A Petition of Archibald Earl of Argyll, in behalf of his Brother James Cambell, was read; setting forth, That a Bill being before this House for the annulling a Marriage between his said Brother with Mary Wharton his Wife, to his Brother’s Prejudice, and Dishonour of his Family: And, being satisfied, that the Circumstances of the said Marriage, are very much inisrepreaented to this House, and praying for the Vindication of his said Brother and Family, to be heard by Counsel- and Witnesses, at the Bar of this House, against the passing the said Bill.

Then the said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title thereof be, An Act to annul and make void a Marriage between Mary Wharton, an Infant, and James Campbell, Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr, Gzoyn do carry the Bill. to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Then the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of London, and their Counsel, were called in; and also the Counsel for' the Petitioners.

And the Counsel for the Lord Mayor and Aldermen were in part heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides being withdrawn; Ordered, That the said Matter be further proceeded in Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 10* die Decembris;

London

Corporation.

2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

Papists coming into Westminster Hall, &c.

Order against f)R£ERED' That no Papist do presume to come into - Westmmster Hall, the Court of Requests, or Lobby

of this House, during the Sitting of this Parliament.

Ordered, That this Order be posted up at Westminster Hall Gate, and in the Lobby of this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into Custody all such Persons as shall offend against tho-said Order.

London Then the Counsel for the Lord Mayor and Aldermen

Corporation, of London, and for the Petitioners, were called in; and further heard at the Bar of this House:

And, being withdrawn;

Ordered, That the said Matter be further proceeded in Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 11° die Decembris;

t 7

2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords/ by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Francklyn;

Vo i. X.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Lady

An Act to give Catharine Lady Combury certain Powers Combury to act as if she were of full Age: To which they desire on'B6e‘ the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the Counsel for the Lord Mayor and Aldermen London Cor-of London, and for Ithe Petitioners, were called in; and pvation. fully heard at the Bar of this House;

And being withdrawn:

Resolved, That Candles be brought in.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the Matters contained in the Petition, upon which the Counsel on both Sides had beeh heard;

: And the Question being put, That the said Debate be adjourned until This-duy-sevennight;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Thom. Littleton,

1 elleis for the Y eas,- Rob

eXT fMr. Bickersta

Tellers for the J, oes,|sir iWer(

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

1197‘ } 184.

Resolved, That this House.will, Tomorrow Morning Supply Bill; at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of East India the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting Good8, certain new Impositions upon all East India Goods, and other Merchandize, to their Majesties; and also of the wine Duties, Bill for continuing the Imposition on Wine, Vinegar and &c. Tobacco, to their Majesties.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 12° die Decembris;

2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

MR. Solicitor General, according to Order, presented Supply Bill;

to the House a Bill for laying several Duties on Low Wines. Low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction.

And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lady for the giving Catharine Lady Combury certain Powers to Cornbury’i act as if she was of full Age, was read the First time. Non-age. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Cha. Rampaine, and others, Proprietors York Build-of the Waterworks for the Raising of the Thames Water, ings Water for the Use of St. Margaret's Parish, was read; setting Company, forth, That the Proprietors of the Water-house in York Buildings have brought their Bill in to the House for Power to convey their Water to St. James's, and other Places adjacent, with a Proviso not to prejudice the Owners of the Nero River Water: And praying a like Clause may be added to the said Bill for the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better encouraging, carrying on, and settling the Waterworks in York Buildings, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General have Leave to Leave for attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Smith Members to and Blith. attend Lords-

Ordered, That Mr. Finch have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Mims and Thomas.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Coal jrade< for the reviving a former Act for the regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass:

And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Poultney do carry the said Bill

to

5°4

12° Decembris.

A. 1690.

Chambre's, &c. Nat,

llackney

Coaches.

to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; and desire their' Lordships Concurrence to the said Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the naturalizing Frances de la and others,

was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by adding the Name of Symon Berenger to the Bill; he having taking the Oaths required.

And a Certificate being produced of his having received the Sacrament according to the Use of the Church of England’, thereupon his Witnesses were called in; and examined to the Truth thereof.

Whereupon the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Amendments thrice read.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Cotton do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; and desire their Lordships Concurrence to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That the Bills for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning. -

Lucy’sEstate. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for securing the Portion of Eliz. Lucy, and breeding her lip a Protestant, and for transferring the Trust for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Chadwick do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto, without any Amendments.

Departure, with other the said extraordinary Duties, will render it a losing Voyage to the Owners: And praying the said Ship’s Cargo may be exempted from the said intended Ten Pounds per Cent, now Impost, or that they may be heard before the Passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for granting the new Impositions to their Majesties, is committed.

A Petition of the Cardmakers, and others, of the Town importing and Borough of Colchester, was read; setting forth, That Iron Wire, they are much prejudiced in their Trade by the Prohibition of Iron Wire, grounded merely upon the Ambiguity of certain Statutes, designed only to prohibit Card Wire; whereby the Petitioners are forced to sit still in their Trades, for want of Materials, to their Ruin: And, for that a Free Toleration thereof would not only be a great’

Benefit to the Petitioners, but the Publick, and their Majesties Revenues, (the Petitioners being willing, if it shall be thought fit, to submit to a higher Duty to be imposed on it, although at Fifteen Shillings per Hundred, so the same may be imported, it having formerly paid Five thousand Pounds per Annum Customs, when only at Seven Shillings and Six-pence per Hundred); and praying, That some effectual Provision may be made for the Petitioners Trade, by the permitting the free Importation of all Iron Wire, except that of Card Wire.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for granting the new Impositions to their Majesties, is committed.

Ordered, That the said Committee do take into their Consideration the laying an Imposition upon all Steel Wire to be imported.

Haberdasher# Charity.

Duty on Timber.

Duty on East India Goods.

An ingrossed Bill for the settling a Charity given by Robert Aske, Esquire, to the Company of Haberdashers

of London, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling a Charity given by Robert Aske, Esquire, to the Company of Haberdashers of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Fenwick do carry the Bill' to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Merchants trading to the Eastland and Norway, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have contracted with the Navy Board for considerable Quantities of Masts, Spars, Planks, Timber, fyc. to be imported at certain Prices: That this House hath laid an additional Duty of Ten Pounds per Chit, upon all Foreign Timber, except from Ireland: And praying the said Masts, Spars, 8$c. may be excepted, being contracted for to the Use of the Navy, their Prices being already agreed and fixed for the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for granting the new Impositions to their Majesties, is committed.

A Petition of the Owners of the Ship James, lately arrived from India, was read; setting forth, That, in Oct. 1687, the Petitioners agreed with the East India Company to give them Twelve Pounds per Cent, for a Licence to trade on all their Woolen Manufactures, and 'l’en Pounds per Cent, for the Cargo they Should bring home; but that, by a Bill from this House, another Ten Pounds per Cent, is laid on all India Manufactures, with a Retrospection to the Twentieth of October last, which will include the said Ship's Cargo, notwithstanding she arrived at Milford Haven the Twenty-sixth Aug last, and wrould

have imported, at London, long before Twentieth October, had she not waited for a Convoy, and several of her Men pressed, which brought her into imminent Danger: And that the great Duty laid on Tea since the said Ship’s

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for erecting a Court South warke of Conscience in the Borough of Southwarke, be read the Court of Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Consc ience.

A Bill for laying an Imposition upon Low Wines, and Supply Bill; Spirits of the first Extraction, was read the First time. L°w Wines.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Persons concerned in the Report Navy and made upon Friday last from the Committee to whom the Army Eati-Consideration of the Estimates and Accompts relating mates» c‘ to the Army, Navy, and Treasury, were referred, do give in their Answers to the Matters objected against their Accompts by the said Committee upon Monday Morning next: And that the said Report be then taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Dorchester Privileges and Elections, touching the Election of Bur- Election, gesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of Supply Bill; the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting Gootdsndl<t certain new Impositions to their Majesties upon all East India Goods, and other Goods and Merchandize.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move the House, That they might have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House-will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

A Motion

Committee ef Privileges.

Leave for Member to attend Lords.

Cooke’s

Estate.

Vexatious Suits for acting in Defence of the Kingdom.

Bagn all's Estate.

Earl of

Salisbury's

Estate.

2 W. & M. i a* — 13® Decmbris. 505

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections, which is to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

-r — ' ..... — "

SabbcUi, IS’ die Decembris;

2® Gulielmi et Marise.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Mr. have Leave to at-

tend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Cooley and Lacy.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the enabling of Trustees to sell certain Lands of Richard Cooke, Esquire, deceased, to pay Debts, to raise

a Portion for his Daughter, was read the Third time.

Resolved,.That the said Bill, with the Amendment, do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Dovers do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with the said Amendment; and desire their Lordships Concurrence to the said Amendment.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for preventing vexatious Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom, be read the Second time upon Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill to bar a Remainder limited to Dudley Bagnall, Esquire, in the Estate of Nicholas Bagnall,

Esquire, in Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to bar a Remainder limited to Dudley Bagnall, Esquire, in the Estate of Nich.Bagnall, Esquire, in Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Dalben reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to limit the Power of James, now Earl of Salisbury, to cut oft' the Litail of his Estate, was committed, That the Committee had considered thereof, and of the Petitions referred to them: And that they had agreed upon several Amendments, and Clauses to be added to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the said Amendments and Clauses in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were all read throughout; and are as followeth; viz.

Press last, Line 40, before " provided," insert " and the respective Rents therein reserved shall, after the Death of the said Earl, be due and payable to such Person or Persons, who, by virtue of the said Settlement, shall be seised of the Freehold of the Premises in such Lease or Leases to be comprised."

A Proviso, That the said James, now Earl of Salisbury, to demise or grant any the Manors, Lands, and Premises, except what comprised in the common Recoveries, and demised by the Earl his Father; for the like Terms, Conditions, and Rents reserved, as formerly they have been by the said James late Earl the Father. '

A Proviso to enable James, now Earl, to lease several Houses and Gardens in Heming and St. Martins Lane, for Thirty Years and a Half, to commence from Michaelmas last; reserving the Rents now paid for the same subject to the Trust, towards raising Portions.

A Clause to disable Robert, Wm., , and George

Cecill, Esquires, to bar or dock any the Estate Tail, or Remainders limited by the Settlement, unless he to whom the next Estate of Freehold and Inheritance in Remainder ought to descend, shall, or at any time be, or become a Papist; but may respectively be impowered, when in pos-Vol. X.

session of the Premises, to demise tuad charge the same, towards making Provisions for Jointures and Portions, as the said James, now Earl, is impowered to do.

The said Amendments and Clauses being severally read a Second time, one by one; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Clauses be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hildyard*. to enable Philip Hildyard, Esquire, to sell Lands in Sur- ®'8taU* rey, and to settle Lands in Lincolnshire, in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Fran. Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for erecting a Court Southwark, of Conscience in the Borough of Southwarke be read the Court of Third time on Monday Morning at Nine a Clock; and Conscienc* nothing to intervene.

A Bill for laying several Duties on Low Wines, or Supply Bill; Spirits of the First Extraction, was, according to Order, Low Winw. read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Offence, the Laws relating to the Tryal of Offences committed at s,a* upon the Sea; and to consider of the Defects thereof; and to report their Opinions therein to the House; and how the same may be cured and remedied.

And it is referred unto Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr.

Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Harcourt,

Sir JVm. Poultney, Colonel Churchill, Colonel Granvile,

Sir Rob. Holmes, Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Jerv. Elwes,

Mr. Clarke, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. C. Mountague,

Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Admiral Russell, Sir Edw.

Seymour, Sir Hen. Goodricke, Lord Falkland, Mr.

Serjeant fVogan, Sir Rob. Rich. Mr. Kenyon, Sir Rich.

Onslow, Mr. Clerke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers; and to make their Report with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That Colonel Stanley have Leave to go. into Leave of Holland, to his Command there, in their Majesties Absence. Service.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of Supply Bill; the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration East India of the Bill for granting certain new Impositions to their Good* Majesties upon all East India Goods, and other Goods and Merchandize.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the said Bill; and that he was ready to make his Report thereof to the House: And that they had directed him to move the House, That a Clause might be brought in for appropriating Part of the said Duties to the Use of the Navy.

Ordered, That a Clause be prepared and brought in accordingly.

Ordered, That the Report of the said Bill be made upon Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply Bill; next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Wio. Duti«»,

6 M of *c-

Aulnagt

Duty.

Debtors

Escapes.

Members Contributions to Officers of the House.

Lady

Cornbury'*

Non-age.

Southwarke Court of Conscience*

Prideaux’s Claim on Lord Jeffryes.

Hackney

Coaches.

Scroope's

Estate.

Bray*

Estate.

506 130 — 15 0 Dece . 1690.

of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for continuing the Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. , Mr.

Clarke, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Mr. be

added to the Committee to whom the Bill for transferring the Duty and Subsidy of Aulnage to the Customhouse, is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for the better preventing Escapes of Prisoners in the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, is committed, be revived; and do sit, in order to adjourn till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 15° die Decembris;

2° Gulielmi et Maria?.

Prayers.

f\ RDERED, That every Knight of the Shire dp pay Ten Shillings; and every other Member of the House do pay Five Shillings; to be distributed by Mr. Speaker, among the Officers of this House, for their diligent Service and Attendance upon this House, and the Members thereof.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to give Catharine Lady Cornbu certain Powers to act as if she were of full Age, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

-staffe, Mr. England, Mr. Gw Mr. Baile, Sir Math. Andrewes, Mr. Bloaj'eild, Mr. Price, Sir Rich. Middleton, Mr. Hunt, Mr Shackerly, Serjeant IVogan, Air.

Air. Kynaston, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Prade, Lord Pawleit, Mr. Burdett, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Bozcyer, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Clerke, Alajor Vincent, Sir Jerv. ElzoSir John Barker, Mr. Done, Mr. Chaffyn, Mr . Hyde:And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for the Borough of Southwarke, and other Places in the Weekly Bills of Alortality in the County of Surrey, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting a Court of Conscience for the Borough of Southzcarke, and Parts adjacent.

Ordered, That Air. Bowyer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report, and Hearing at the Bar, touching the Bill for charging the Estate of the late Lord Jeff ryes, in Leicestershire, with the Sum of Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, and Interest, to Edmund Prideaux, Esquire, be upon Wednesday

Aloming next.

Ordered, That the Bills for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, be read a Second time upon Thursday Aloming.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of certain Debts of Saint Leger Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Air. Tracers do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for better enabling Jane Bray, Widow, Relict and sole Executrix of the last Will of Reginald Bray, Esquire,

deceased, and other3, to the speedier Raising of the Portions already appointed for her Daughters, by the said Reginald Bray, w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass: And that the Title be agreed unto.

Ordered, That Sir Thom. Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto, with the said Amendments; and desire their Lordships Concurrence to the said Amendments.

A Bill for the speedier determining Elections of Alem- Determininj bers to serve in Parliament, was read the Second time. Elections.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Birch, Lord Wm.Pazdett, Alajor Vincent, Sir John

rcll, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Air.

Palmes,' Air. Ilazct ry, Mr. Lasce/lsAir. Gray, Mr. Mountague, Sir John Thomson, Sir Rich, Mr. Price,

Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Rich. Onslozc, Mr. Christie, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Brezcer, Sir Gilb. Clerke, Mr. Hanmer,

Air. Bickerstaffe, Sir Cha. Keymish, Sir Fran. Blake,

Air. Brockman, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Jepson, Sir John Bar-Jeer, Sir Walter Young, Sir 7Vto. Grosvenor, Mr. Wallis,

Air. Gzvyn, Sir John Bo/les, Mr. Taylor, Sir Rob. Clayton: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vexatious for preventing vexatious Suits, against such as acted for Suits for act-their Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom, was ,n ^e*

i . i i ience ol tii®

read the Second time. Kingdom.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for raising the Militia Raising of this Kingdom the next Year, although the Month's Pay Militia, formerly advanced and paid, is not yet repaid.

A Alotion being made for Building of Ten new Ships Building of War; Sh*l>s-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Alorning next, at Ten of the Clock, take the said Alotion into further Consideration.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskyns and Sir Adam

Mr.Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Amend- Coal Trad*, ments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the reviving a former Act for regulating the Aleasures and Prices of Coals:

And also to the Amendments made by this House to Cooke’* the Bill, intituled, An Act for Enabling of Trustees to Estate, sell certain Lands of Richard Cooke, Esquire, deceased, to pay Debts, and to raise a Portion for his Daughter:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act to annul and Annulling make void a Marriage between Mary IVhart on, an Infant, Campbell’* and James Campbell, Esquire; without any Amendments: Marriage.

And also to the Amendments made by this House to Bray’s the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better enabling Jane Estate. Bray, Widow, Relict and sole Executrix of the last Will of Reginald Bray, Esquire, deceased, and others, to the speedier Raising of the Portions already appointed for her Daughters by the said Reginald Bray:

And also to the Amendments made by this House to Chambre's, the Bill, intituled, An Act for the naturalizing Francis &c*Jsat-de la Chambre, and others:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Mutiny and Majesties Service; and for Punis’1 ir <ff false Musters; with Amendments: To which t ire the Concur-

rence of this House:

And also to the Bill, intitule - - to free the Bernadiston’*

Estate of Sir Sam. Bernadiston. 1 — veral In- Estate,

cumbrances, occasioned by a Judg , j <.. -t. him,

upon

2 W. & M. 15* — 16° 507

X

upon an Information in the Court of King's Bench; with That Mr. Ogle do carry the said Bill to the

several Amendments: To which they desire the Concur- Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed rence of this House. to the same, with the said Amendment; and desire their

And then the Messengers withdrew. Lordships Concurrence to the said Amendment.

Supply Bill; East India G oods.

Committee of Privileges.

Committee*.

Baines’

Estate.

Serle’s

Estate.

Mr. Solicitor General, according to the Order of the Day, reports from thd Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for granting to their Majesties certain new Impositions upon all East-IndiaGoods, and other Goods and Merchandize imported, That they had agreed

upon several Amendments to be made thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then a Clause for the appropriating of the Sum of for the Use of the Navy; for Payment of Seamen, and for Stores, Provisions, and Victuals; and for the Expences of the Ordnance in respect to naval Affairs; was offered to be added to the Bill.

And the said Clause was twice read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Blank be filled up with Twenty-five thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Blank be filled up with fifty thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Blank be filled up with One hundred thousand Pounds:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for

Tellers for the Noesi®" i

’(Mr. Ck. , J

41-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

- Afterwards a Debate arising in the House upon the said Clause;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Ordered, That all other Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 16* die;

2® Gulielmi et Maria?.

Prayers.

AN Ingrossed Bill for the vesting several Messuages and Tenements in the City of London, late the Estate of John Baines, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the vesting several Messuages and Tenements in the City of London, late the Estate of John Baines, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Brener do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for selling the Estate of Henry Serle, Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Vol. X.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke, Mr. Arnold, and Sir John Leave of Fmvell, have Leave to go into the Country. Absence.

A Petition of the Company of Distillers of London, was. Duty on Low presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the 'Vines. Petitioners have and do use many Thousand Quarters of Malted Corn in a Year, for making English Brandy, which they brew into Drink for that Purpose: And that, by a Bill before this House, Twelve-pence per Gallon is laid on Low Wines, supposing thereby to advance the Price of Com, and to consume greater Quantities than is done by the Petitioners: But that the Petitioners are ready to make appear, That, if the said Bill do pass, it will not only lessen their Majesties Revenue, but hinder the Consumption of Corn: And praying to be heard at the Bar of this House, before the said Bill doth pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties on Low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants trading to, and Planters Distillation concerned at, his Majesty’s Sugar Plantations, was present- of Eranth'-ed to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the Bill brought into this House for the encouraging the Distilling of Brandy from Corn, tending wholly to destroy the Use of Melasses or Treacle in Distilling of Spirits, a great Prejudice will happen to their Majesties, and Ruin, to the Petitioners, and give Advantage to France in the Improvement of their Plantations: And praying to be heard before the Passing the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties on Low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, is committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Aulnag* whom the Bill for transferring the Duty and Subsidy of Duty. Aulnage to the Custom-house, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Earl of tituled, An Act for the limiting the Power of James, now Salisbury’* Earl of Salisbury, to cutoff the Intail of his Estate, be Estate* read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges Dorchester and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter touch- Election, ing the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester in the County of Dorsett, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: The which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Tho. Trenchard, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return of Sir Robert Napier, to serve for Dorchester;

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were thus;

For Sir Rob. Napier - - 146.

For Mr. Trenchard - - 169.

And that the Majority was allowed to be with the Petitioner.

That, for the Sitting Member, it was insisted, That the Petitioner Mas a Minor.

And that it M'as proved, that That Objection was made to the Petitioner at the Time of the Election; and a Certificate produced to that Purpose.

A Certificate was produced to the Committee, That Thomas the Son of Tho. Trenchard, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, was baptized 14 Februarii 1671: Neither was the Minority of the Petitioner opposed by his Counsel.

That,

508

i 6* — 17* D

A. 1690.

That, thereupon the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it b the Opinion of thb Committee, That Thomas Trenchard, Esquire, had the Majority of Voices at the Ejection of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester.

Resolved, That it b the Opinion of thb Committee, That the Matter of the said Thom. being a

Minor be specially reported to the House.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com-paittee in the said Resolution, That Thomas Trenchard, Esquire, had the Majority of Voices at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That Sir Robert is

duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester in the County of Dorsett;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That Thomas Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester in the County of Dorsett

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas lSir Wdter YounS> tellers for the *eas,|Mr

Tellers for the Noeei^/04" Barker-

177.

126.

Supply Bill; East India Goods.

Bvckerstaffe,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, according to the said Resolution.

Then the House, according to the Order of Yesterday, resumed the adjourned Debate upon the appropriating Clause to the Bill for granting certain new Impositions to their Majesties upon all East Goods, and other Goods and Merchandizes imported.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made in the said Clause; Which were agreed unto by the House.

And then the Question being put, That the said Clause be agreed unto;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for laying several Duties on Low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction; and also to consider of the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take the publick Accompts.

A Petition of Sir Humphry Edwyn was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of the Burgesses for the Borough of Chippenham in Com. Wilts', notwithstanding many Practices used by Sir Ba-zUl Firebrasse, and Mr. Lord, Bailiff of the said Town,

as the murdering one of the Petitioner’s Messengers, and turning one, that appeared for the Petitioner, out of hb House, and put another therein to vote for Sir besides many other riotous Proceedings; and bribing the Electors, he prevailed with the Bailiff to return him, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Chippenham be heard at the Bar of thb House upon thb Day Three Weeks.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself Wme Duties, q a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the

Supply Bill; Low Wines, Sic.

Ckippenham

Election.

Bill for continuing the Impositions upon Wine, Vinegar, and Tobacco, to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the said Bill; which they had directed him' to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And a borrowing Clause being, according to Order, offered to the House, to be added to the Bill, the same was twice read; and, after some Amendments proposed, and agreed unto by the House; the same was, upon the Question put; thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Clause, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of further Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for encouraging, carrying-on, and settling the Waterworks in York Buildings, was committed, be re-committed to the same Committee: And that Mr. Holt and Mr. Machell be added to the said Committee.'

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Finch have Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause between Sedgwick and Hitchcock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 17* d Decembris;

2® Gulielmi et Marise.

Prayers.

MR. Price reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to give Catharine Lady Combu certain Powers to act as if she was of full Age, was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time.

A Petition of David Tucker was read; setting forth, That, upon a Petition of the King's Bench Prisoners for Debt, a Committee was then appointed by thb House, to take the same into Consideration: Before whom the Petitioner was summoned to give his Testimony: For doing whereof, he was arrested by Mr. Briggs, the nominal Marshal for Mr. Farrington, and the said Mr. Farrington, in Action of Fifteen thousand Pounds, securing him in their Custody, refusing Bail, and, upon the Petitioner’s complaining of the said Briggs' Severities to him, and saying, He was in Hopes the Parliament would take his Case into their Consideration, if acquainted thereof by Sir Jonath. Jennings, he the said Mr. Briggs was pleased to make use of the Words following; viz. " God damn him, he did not value Sir Jonath.Jennings; for he was as good

a Man as himself; and that they would do what they pleased with their Prisoners; for the Parliament had nothing to do with them; and would give hb Ears from his Head, 24 if

Ways and Means.

York Build* ings Water Company.

Committee*.

Leave for Members to attend Lords.

Lady

Combury’§ Non-age.

Privilege — Abuse of a Witness for givingjlvi-dence.

2 W. & M.

170 Decembris.

if ever the Abuses, complained of by the Prisoner’s Petition, were redressed, or any thing further done therein; and that he would ruin all the Persons examined before the said Committee And for that the Petitioner is not anyways indebted to the said Briggs or Farrington, but such their Prosecution only the Product of their Spleen and Malice, and praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: who are to sit this Afternoon; and to report their Opinions therein to the House To-morrotv Morning.

T. Williams* Mr. Christie reports from the Committee to whom the Estate. ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the raising Money out of the Estate of Thomas Williams, Esquire, deceased, by letting Leases, and otherwise, for the more speedy Payment of his Debts, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place with the Coherence: And afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and are as fojloweth; viz.

Press 2, Line 36, after " Use,’Teave out " andand insert, instead thereof, " of the."

Press 6, Line io, after "-in," add " and;" and, Line 17, after " such," leave out " Reversions," and add " Reservations."

Line 13, after " and, " the same Amendment.

Press 7, Line 11, leave out the First " or," and insert " as."

The said Amendments being read a Second time, one by one; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be read the Third time.

Sheafe’*

Estate.

London

Orphans.

Dorchester

Itetura

irntndcid.

Bemadiston’s

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Thomas Sheafe to sell Lands for Payment of Debts; and making Provision for' his Wife, according to an Agreement for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act to enable Thomas Sheafe to sell Lands for Payment of Debts; and making Provision for his Wife, according to an Agreement for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr: Christie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke, and

Sir Adam Ottley;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a Court of Inquiry, in order to the Relief of the distressed Orphans of the City of London: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and amended the Return for the Borough of Dorchester, by rasing out the Name of Sir Robert Nappier;and, instead thereof, inserting the Name of Thomas Esquire.

Then the House took into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for freeing the Estate of Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Baronet, from several Incumbrances, occasioned by a Judgment given against him upon an Information in the Court of King’s Bench: Which being read the First time, are as followeth; viz.

In the Title, for " Bernadiston," read " For " Twenty-third," read " Tu'o-and-twentieth."

At the End of the Bill, add the Proviso marked A; (A) " Provided always, and be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that all and every the Tenants, of what Kind or Nature soever, and all Persons holding any Lands ox Tenements, charged or changeable with, or uable to Vo 1. X.

any manner of Rents, Fines, Penalties, Amerciaments,

Duties, Issues, or Profits', or any ways Debtors of or to the said SiV Samuell Bernardiston, upon or from afiy Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or other Officer or Person, by virtue of any Writ, Warrant, or Process of Law, legally made out upon the said Judgment, hath or have levied, received, or taken, who in Obedience or by reason of such Writ, Warrant, or Process of Law, hath or have paid to any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or other Officer or Person, since the said Judgment given against the said Sir Sam. Bernardiston, any such Rents, Fines, Penalties, Amerciaments, Debts, Duties, Issues, or Profits, being then due and payable, shall be, and are hereby fully and absolutely discharged and indemnified of and from all further and other Payments, or being for the future at any time charged or answerable for the said Rents, Fines,

Penalties, Amerciaments, Duties, Debts, Issues, or Profits, so paid or levied as aforesaid, although such Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, or other Officer or Person, who hath so levied, had or received the same, hath not Accounted for, paid in, or answered the same to their Majesties, so, or in such manner as he or they by the Law ought to have done; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any-wise notwithstanding."

The said Amendments being read a Second time, one by one; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the Lords, and -acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Gwyn reports from the Committee to whom the Prjdeaux’* Bill for charging the Estate of the late Lord Jeff ryes, in Claim on Leicestershire, with Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, and Interest, to Fdm. Pridcaur, e r^e,‘ Esquire, was committed, That they had examined the Evidence touching the Matters therein alleged: And thereupon had agreed to the Bill, with several Amendments thereunto; which, they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Ordered, That the said Report be further proceeded upon, and the Counsel heard at the Bar. touching the said Bill (as was formerly directed), upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Pri- Committee of vileges and Elections do, upon Monday Morning next, Privilege*, at Nine of the Clock, make Report of such Elections as have been determined at the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee of Elections and Privi- . leges be, after this Day, adjourned until after the Recess.

Then the House took into Consideration the Amend- punishing ments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mutiny and for the punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, Desertion, or desert their Majesties Service ;‘and for punishing false Musters.

And the same were read; and are as followeth;

2 Skin, Line 6, instead of " of," read " or the Officer commanding;" and leave out " wherein he was first listed." '

5 Skin, Line 35, after " shall " add " knowingly."

6 Skin, Line 5, after " Owner" add " and if such Officer so offending, shall have no Goods, that then he shall be sent to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or'Mainprize for the Space of Six Months."

Skin 6, Line 11, after " shall," add " wilfully."

Press 6, Line 27, after " aforesaid," add " and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in their Majesties Service."

10 Skin, Line 11, for " next ensuing," read " One thousand Six hundred and Ninety.".

13 Skin, Line 14, after " Paymaster," add " or Paymasters ;" and, for " is," read " are;" after " Officers," add " upon the Penalty, that such Paymaster or Pay-

6 N masters

5io i7° JDecetnb 1690.

-masters shall forfeit and lose their Respective Place or Places as Paymaster or Paymasters, and be disabled from holding the same for the future."

22 Line, instead of " is," read " or Paymasters, are." 24 Line, after " be," add " or they."

14 Skin, 18 line, after " Paymaster," read " or Paymasters."

19 Line, after "is," read "or are."

29 Line, after " Peace," add " not being Officers in the Army."

At the End of the Bill add Clause A;

Clause A; " And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be construed to extend to the felahds of Jersey and Guernsey, as to the Clauses therein for mustering and paying, and the Penalties thereunto belonging."

And the First Amendment being read a Second time; An Amendment was proposed to be made, in respect thereof, to that Part of the Bill to which the said Amendment related, by adding, after " Company,’’.these Words,

" in which he last served

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto.

And the said Amendment, with the said Amendment made by the House, was thereupon agreed unto by the House.

And the said Second, Third, and Fourth Amendments, being severally read a Second time, one by one; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The said Fifth Amendment, in Skin 6, Line 27, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the said other Amendments being read a Second time, one by onej the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Amendment, by adding Clause A; being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the said Clause, by leaving out all the Words from the Word " Guernsey."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto.

And the said Clause, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Conference Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, with Lords. upon the SubjectMatterof theAmendmentstothe said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John.Gtd.se do go to the Lords; and desire the said Conference.

Sir John Guise reports, That the Lords had agreed to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Jo Guise, Sir Tho. Sir

Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Paul , Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. JVm. Harbord, Lord Ranelagh, Colonel Austen, Sir Tho. Littleton, do manage the said Conference.

And accordingly the Managers went to the said Conference: And being returned:

Sir John Guise reports, That the Managers appointed for the said Conference had attended the same; and acquainted the Lords with which of the said Amendments this House had agreed to, and to which of them they disagreed; and with what Amendments the House had made; and Had left the Bill and Amendments with the Lords.

F.url of Salis- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act

burj’s Estate, for the limiting the Power of James, now Earl of Salisbury, to cut off the Intail of his Estate, was read the Third time.

And a Clause being offered, That all and every the Daughters and younger Sons of James, now Earl of Salisbury, shall be paid Interest, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, for their respective Portions, for their Maintenance, till their Portions shall become due and payable; such Interest to be raised and paid out of the Rents and

22

Profits of the Manors and Lands chargeable with the Portions; the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments do pass: And that the Title be agreed unto.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do carry the Bill up to the Lords; and acquaint them,*That the House hath agreed thereunto, with the said Amendments; and desire their Lordships Concurrence to the said Amendments.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Adam Ottley;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have agreed to the Amend- Series ments. made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act Estate* for selling the Estate of Henry Serle, Esquire, deceased.

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled An Haberdash-Act for the settling a Charity, given by Robert Aske, er® Chant^‘ Esquire, to the Company of, Haberdashers with several Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Aulnage whom the Bill for transferring the Duty and Subsidy of Duty. Aulnage, is committed, be made upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Supply Bill Impositions upon all East India Goods, and other Goods Q^s India and Merchandize, was read the Third time. 00 s’

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider; That from and after the Twenty-fifth of December 1690, the Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer may take for their Fees,

Farthings in the Pound, and no more, for the Money to be paid for the Use of the Navy and Garisons, arising by the Two Acts, one for granting an Aid to their Majesties of One million Six hundred Fifty-one thousand Seven hundred Two Pounds, and Eighteen Shillings; and one other Act, for doubling the Duty of Excise; or by this, or any other Act to be made during this Sessions; was twice read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Blank be filled up with " Three;"

It passed in the Negative.

And then the Clause being withdrawn;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon all East India Goods and Manufactures, and upon all Wrought Silks, and several other Goods and Merchandize, to be imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of ' December 1690.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and Conference

Sir Adam Otley; on Mutiny

Mr. Speaker, the Lords desire a present Conference in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as they desire.

And the Messengers being called in again; Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Persons w ho managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And accordingly the Managers went to the said Conference: And being returned;

Sir John Guise reports from the Conference, That the Managers had attended the same: And that the Marquis of Halijdvmanaged for the Lords; and acquainted them, that the Lords had agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, in respect to the First Amendment made by their Lordships4with a small Amendment made

by

Supply Bill; Wine Duties ‘ he.

Navy and Army Accompts, he.

Supply Bill Low Wines

Commissioners of AccompU.

4 W. & M.

17° — 18° <D

511

by them: Bat that they insist upon ‘the other Amendments by them made to the Bill; and disagree to the Amendment made by this House to the Clause A; viz.

As to the Amendment, Press 6, Line 27;

1. Because the Officer cannot incur the Penalty, unless he commit the Fault wilfully: Which is expressed in the Bill; so there can be no Surprize.

2. Because no Man can be supposed to 'be of such Importance as the Bill; which might be eluded, if this was admitted.

And, as to the Amendment of Clause A, That they disagree thereto;

Because, if the Bill Should extend in its full Latitude to Jersey and Guernsey, it would be impossible for such Number of Soldiers as may be thought necessary to be quartered there; there being so few Prrblick Houses to receive them.

And the said several Amendments made by the Lords being again severally read; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Guise do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments by them made to the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for the Continuing certain Imposi-> tiens upon Wine, Vinegar, and Tobacco, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed, That this Bill might so be, that Persons might lend unto their Majesties, as well upon the Security of this, as upon the Two former Acts made in the Reign of the late King James, from and after the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds shall be fully paid to the States General.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended accordingly-

Then an ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider; That nothing in the Act shall be construed to obstruct the Provision made by the Act in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for the Payment of'Servants of hiis late Majesty KingCharles, not exceeding, in the Whole, Sixty thousand Pounds, in such Manner as by the Act is directed.

And the same being thrice read; the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Continuance of several former Acts, for laying several Duties upon Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and desire their. Concurrence thereunto.

The Earl of Ranelagh presented to the House, his Answer to the Observations made upon his Acoompts by the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Estimates and Accompts relating to the Army, Navy, and Treasury, were referred. Also,

Mr. Fox presented to the House, his Answer to the Observations made upon his Accompts by the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Estimates and Accompts relating to the Army, Navy, and Treasury, were referred.

Ordered, That the said several Answers be delivered to the Chairman of the said Committee; to the End the Committee may peruse and inspect the same.

Ordered, That the Report formerly made, from the said Committee, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

i Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for laying several Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to take the Publick Accompts. Vor.. X.

Ordered, That Sir Cha.1'Bleys. , Mr. Sir Jcrv. Knowles' 'Etwes, Sir Peter Collitpn, Mr. B Mr. Bedding- ^eU,wn* feild, Mr. Clerke, Mr. ‘Thomhaugh, Sir Dutton,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Henley, Mr. Thomson, Sir Sam. Bama-diston, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition o { SaruliKnowles, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 18* die Decembris;

2* Gulielmi tt Marioe.

Prayers.

SIR Robert Cotton reports from the Committee to Rosseter’s whom the Bill to enable John Rosseter, Esquire, to Estate, sell Lands for Payment of Debts, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House, and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; "and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were once'read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Whitlock and Mr. Finch have Leave for Leave to attend the Lords, as Counsel, in a Cause be- Members tween Allen and Clerke. Lordsend

An ingrossed Bill for vesting certain Lands, the Estate Mahwair-of Thomas Manwairing, Gentleman, in Trustees, to be in8’s Estate,

sold for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for vesting certain ’Lands, the Estate of Thomas Mamcareing, Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts. - '

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lady Com-to give Catharine Lady Cornbary certain Powers to act bur/s Estate, as if she were of full Age, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed.

Ordered, That Mr. Price do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act London for erecting a Court of Inquiry, in order to the Relief of Orphan*, the distressed Orphans of the City of London, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges Privilege — and Elections, to whom the Matter upon the Petition of Abuse of David Tucker, Gentleman, was referred, That the Committee had examined Two Witnesses; fenon "*

Edward Cooker: Who testified, That on Monday last, he went to see one Mallett,a Prisoner in the king's Bench; and that they went together into the Garden; and that a Messenger came from Mr. Briggs, to tell Mallett, that the Marshal would speak with him: That Mallett answered, He had no Business with Mr. Briggs, nor was his Prisoner; and that, if Mr. Briggs had any Business with him, he might come to him: That afterwards Mr. Briggs came, with Five or Six Waiters, and dragged Mallett away: And thereupon Cooker speaking for Mallett, Mr. Briggs asked, Who Should controul him in what he did with his Prisoners; One answered, That the Committee and Sir Jonathan Jennings would: That thereupon Mr. Briggs replied, God damn Sir Jonathan Jennings; he did not care a Fart for him; he thought himself as good a Man as he; nor did he care for the

Parliament

BagnalT*

Estate*

512

18° — 19* Decembris.

A \ 1690.

Parliament nor Committee, they had nothing to dp with his Prisoners. And said he was present when Mrs. Tucker asked Mr. Briggs, What was the Reason he turned her Husband into the common Side: Mr. Briggs said, It was for petitioning the Parliament: And that Mr. Farrington being asked, Why he laid such an Action upon her Htisband; he said, It was for exposing him to the Parliament.

And Mrs. Tucker: Who said upon the Occasion before-mentioned by Mr. Cooke, Mr. Briggs saying, Who Should oppose him in what he did with his Prisoners; one answered, Sir Jonathan Jennings would; and thereupon Mr. Briggs replied, " God damn it, I am as good a Man as he :" And that Mallett saying, " Do you believe nobody can deal with . ? Surely the Parliament will Mr. Briggs answered, They had nothing to do with him, only the Court of King’s Bench: And then she asked Mr. Briggs, For what he had brought the Action against her Husband? Mr. Briggs said, It was for scandalizing him to the Parliament: And Mr. Farrington, being asked, Why he'had brought his Action? answered. It'was for scandalizing him to the Parliament, and his Office.

That Mr. Farringtons was an Action of Ten thousand Pounds, and Mr. Briggs' of Five thousand Pounds.

And that thereupon the Committee directed, That the said Matter of Fact be specially reported to the House.

Ordered, That JVm. Briggs, for his contemptuous Words and Behaviour, and scandalous Reflections upon this House, and upon Sir Jonathan Jennings, a Member thereof, employed in the Service of this House, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Dr. Edisbury.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to bar a Remainder limited to Dudley

Bagnall, Esquire, in the Estate of Nich. Bagnall, Esquire, in Ireland, without any Amendments.

Also, the Lords desire a present Conference in the Painted Chamber, upon the Amendments to the Bill for limiting the Power of James now Earl of Salisbury to cut off the Entail of his Estate.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

And the Messengers being called in again; Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Christopher Mus-graxe, Mr. Buscaxven, Sir Jos. Williamson, Mr. Mountague, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Boyle, Lord Brandon, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Dalben, do manage the said Conference.

And accordingly the Managers went to the Conference: And being returned;

Mr. Dalben reports, That the Managers had attended the Conference: And that the Earl of Rochester managed for the Lords; and said, That the Lords had agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the said Bill, with an Amendment in Clause C;

To leave out from " appointed," in Line 13, to " Provided" in Line 16; and, instead thereof, to insert these Words, " from coming to any other his Brother* or Brothers, that shall be a Protestant at the Time of such Act or Acts done: But that every such Brother shall take, and come into such his Remainder or Estate limited to him by the said Settlement, in such manner as he Should or might, if no such Act or Acts had been done:" And that the Reason thereof is, because it is vehemently suspected, That Wm. Cecill and Cha. Cecill, who are to take in Remainder next after Robert the Suppliant, are both Papists; in which Case it will be in the Power of Robert (as this Clause is sent up) to dock the Remainder of George the youngest Brother, though he be a Protestant; which the Lords conceive is not the Intention of this House: Wherefore they have thought fit to make that Amendment, in order to preserve the Remainder for the Benefit of the Protestant Heir, that it may descend to him, though any

22

of the elder Brethren, to whom the prior Remainders are limited by the Settlement, Should be Papists.

And the said Amendment being twice read; the same was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Dalben do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed -to the said Amendment.

Mr. Serjeant Blincoe report from the Committee to Attainting whom it was referred to ’prepare and bring in Clauses to in

the Bill of Attainder, for the more effectual Applying of Re on* the Forfeitures in England and Ireland, to be a Security for the Raising of Monies towards the Charge of the present War, and for reserving a Proportion of the said Forfeitures to his Majesty's Disposal, That they had pre- ,

pared several Clauses accordingly.: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at tile Clerk's Table:

Where the same were once read throughout.

And afterwards Clause A being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to the-Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

And then Clause B being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to the Committee to whom the said Bill, is committed.

And the Question being put, That Clause C be read a Second time; ~ 1

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeHersfora-eYeas }4S.

Tellers for the Noes, } 94-

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the Question being severally put upon the Clauses D, E, F, G, H, and I, That they be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

And then Clause K being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

And then the Question being severally put upon the Residue of the said Clauses, That they be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Accordingly the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor Genefal/eports from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereto; and had directed him to make the Report thereof to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Nine a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, To-nhorrow Morning Ways and at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the fa«uw. whole House, to consider of further Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 19* die , Decembris

2° Gulielmi ei Maria?.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Report from the Committee Woo ton of Privileges and Elections, touching t he Election for the Basse tt Borough of Wooton Bassett, he made upon MondayMorohng t,lecllon‘

next,

T. Williams* Estate.

Aulnage

Duty.

Attainting Persons in Rebellion.

Bains*

Estate.

»w. m.

i<9° Decembris.

513

next, ‘when the dther Reports from the said Committee are made.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the raising Money out of the Estate of Tho. Williams, Esquire, deceased, by letting Leases, and otherwise, for the more speedy Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass: And that-the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Christie do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto, with some Amendments; and desire their Lordships Concurrence to the said Amendments.

Sir John Guise reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for transferring the Duty and Subsidy of Aulnage to the Custom-house, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made thereunto: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Lord Cornbury be heard, as to his Interest, at the Bar of this House, before the said Report be further proceeded on;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendments were once read throughout; and afterwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for attainting several Persons in Rebellion in England and Ireland, and for confiscating their Estates, and applying the same towards the Charge of the present War, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made thereunto: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one: And, with several Amendments made by the House to several of them, the same were, upon the Question severally put, agreed unto by the House.

Also several Amendments were proposed to be made in the Preamble, and Body of the Bill: Which, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

And then a Proviso was offered to be added to the Bill, That their Majesties may extend such Grace and Favour to Henry Lord Dover, both as to Life and Estate, as their Majesties shall think fit.

And the Question being put, That the Proviso be read, a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeasi

’ [Lord Cornbury, J

Tellers for the Noes /Lord 1

1 eners for the IN oes,|Sir j 9'

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskyns and Sir Adam Otly; ,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, sent up from this House, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages and Tenements in the City of London, late the Estate of John Bains, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of Debts, w ithout any Amende ments.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, sent up from Vol.X.

this House,' intituled, An Act for granting to their Ma- Supply Bill; jesties certain Ifhpositions upon all East India Goods and East India Manufactures, and upon all Wrought Silks, and several Good* other Goods and Merchandize, to be imported after the Five-and-twentieth Day of December 1690, without any Amendments.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Amendments made t. William*’ by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Estate, raising Money out of the Estate of Thom. Williams,

Esquire, deceased, by letting Leases, and otherwise, for the more speedy Payment of his Debts.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Ways resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Meant, consider of further Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee,

That they had agreed upon a Resolution; which they' had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Remainder of a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Four Millions Eighty-six thousand Two hundred Fifty-five Pounds, for the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, be raised, by doubling the additional Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, mentioned in an Act of the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled,

An Act for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, to begin from the Time the Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other -Liquors, during the Space of One Year, doth expire.

And the said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Remainder of a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Four Millions Eighty-six thousand Two hundred Fifty-five Pounds, for the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, be raised, by doubling the additional Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, mentioned in an Act of the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, an Act for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, to begin from the Time the Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the Space of . Year, doth expire.

Mr. Solicitor General acquaints the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House,

That the House would give Leave for a Bill to be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning commis. at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the sj0nere of whole House, to consider of the Bill for appointing and Accompts. enabling Commissioners to take the publick Accompts.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Navy take into Consideration the Report formerly made from Army Esti-the Committee to whom the Consideration of thte Esti- mate*, &c. mates and Accompts relating to the 'Army, Navy, and Treasury, were referred: And also such further Report as shall be then made from the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee do sit this Night, and Tomorrow Morning, before the House sits.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

6Q

5H 2°*

Sabbati, 20* die;

2° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

Haberdash- r| 'HE House took into Consideration the Amend-«ra Charity. X ments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for the settling a Charity given by Robert Askt, Esquire, deceased, to the Company of Haberdashers of Z>ondon. And the same being once read throughout, are as followeth; viz.

Press i, Line 27, after " Advice," add " and Consent."

Press 4, Line 19, after " appoint," add " with the Approbation and Licence of the Lord Bishop of London for the Time being."

Line 29, after " appoint," insert " with such Approbation and License as aforesaid."

And the said Amendments being read a Second time, one by one; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Fenwick do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

RosKtar’s An ingrossed Bill to enable John Esquire, to

E«ute. sell Lands, for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John , Esquire, to sell Lands,

for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Privilege — A Petition ‘of John M Esquire, a Prisoner in the Abuse of Common Side of the King's Bench Prison, was read; 'Tving3* for setting forth, That, for his being examined before the Evidence. Committee appointed to inquire into the Complaints of the said Prison,.. was, on Monday last, by the Order of Mr.' Farrington and Briggs, dragged out of the Master’s Side; and, after several Oaths, sworn by Mr. Briggs, against this House, he was thrown into the common Ward; so dark and damp a Hole, that his Life, if not suddenly retrieved, is in Danger: And praying the Relief of Jthe House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom a Petition of several Prisoners in the said Prison was formerly refessed: And they to report the Matter, with their Opinions thereupon to the House, upon Monday Morning next: And that the said Farrington, Briggs, and*Mallet, be brought to the said Committee.

insolvent Mr. Bracer reports from the Committee to whom the Debtor*. Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Whore the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and all of them, but one, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be made Part of the BHl, That the Bill do not extend to the King’s Debtors, nor to any Person in Prison, for above One hundred Pounds: Which was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, greed* unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bin- A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Wine Du tie*, Sir Adam Otley;

*c- Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, sent

up from this House, intituled, An Act for the.Continu-24

Decembris. A. 1690.

ance of several former Acts therein mentioned, for the laying several Duties upon Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco, without any Amendments: And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Sheafe to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts; and making Provision for his Wife, according to an Agreement for that Purpose.

.And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom the next Raising Year, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced and paid, is~not yet paid, was presented to the House, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That the Matter touching Privilege, the Breach of Privilege against Sir Carbury Price, formerly complained of, was composed; and that Sir Carbury Price was willing, that John Price, Thomas Lewis,

John Knowles, and Rice Vaughan, Gentleman, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for such Breach of Privilege, Should be discharged out of Custody, without being brought to the Bar of this House;

Ordered, That the said Persons be discharged out of Custody, without being brought to the Bar, paying their Fees.

Sir Matthew Andrews reports from the Committee to Act of whom the Bill for suspending during the War with Navigation France, that Part of the Act of Navigation w;hich obliges English Ships to sail with English Seamen, . .., That Seamen, they had agreed upon the Clauses, which were recommitted to the said Committee: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, with some Amendments proposed and agreed to, upon the Question put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

Then a Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That his Majesty, in Council, might license Foreign Ships for the bringing in naval Stores.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppcr, Royal Assent Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; . tojjills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, and the House, went up to attend his Majesty: And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon all East India Goods and Manufactures, and upon all Wrought Silks, and several other Goods and Merchandize, to be imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1690.

An -Act for the Continuance of several former Acts therein mentioned, for the laying several Duties upon Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco.

An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service; and for punishing false Musters;

An Act for reviving a former Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals.

An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Citie^ of London and Westminster, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes in the County of Middlesex, and in the Borough of Southuarke, and other Places in the Weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey, and for regulating the Markets therein-mentioned.

An

20° Decembris.

5i5

The King's Speech.

Supply Bill: Low Wines.

An Act for securing the Portion of Eliz. Lucie, and breeding her up a Protestant; and for transferring the Trust for that Purpose.

An Act for enabling of Trustees to sell certain Lands of Richard Cooke, deceased, to pay Debts, and to raise a Portion for his Daughter.

An Act to enable Fkil. H Esquire, to sell Lands in Surry, and to settle Lands in Lincolnshire, in lieu thereof.

An Act to annul and make void a Mamage between Mary JVharton, an Infant, and James Campbell, Esquire.

An Act for vesting divers Lands, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of certain Debts of Saint Leger Scrape, Esquire.

An Act for the better enabling Jane Bray, Widow, the Relict and sole Executrix of the last Will of Reginald Bray, Esquire, deceased, and others, to the speedier raising the Portions already appointed for her Daughters, by the said Reginald Bray.

An Act for the Naturalizing of la Chambre,

and others.

An Act for selling the Estate of Henry Serle, Esquire, deceased.

An Act to free the Estate of Sir Samuell Bernadiston from several Incumbrances, occasioned by a Judgment

Sven against him, upon an Information in the Court of ing's Bench.

An Act to give Catherine Lady Cornbury certain Powers to act as if she was of full Age.

An Act to bar a Remainder limited to Dudley Bagnall, Esquire, in the Estate of Nicholas Bagnall, Esquire, in ‘ Ireland.

An Act for the limiting the Power of James, now Earl of Salisbury, to cut off the Intail of his Estate.

An Act for the vesting several Messuages and Tenements in the City of’ London, late the Estate of John Baines, Gentlemen, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts.

An Act for raising Money out of the Estate of Thomas Williams, Esquire, deceased, by letting Leases, and otherwise, for the more speedy Payment of his Debts.

An Act to enable Thomas to sell Lands for

Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife, according to an Agreement for that Purpose.

An Act for the settling a Charity given by Robert Ashe, Esquire, to the Company of Haberdashers, London.

And that afterwards, his Majesty was pleased to make a Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as followed); viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I M U S T repeat to you, upon this Occasion, how sensible I am of your good Affections to Me, and of your sincere Endeavours to promote the true Interest of your Country in continuing to provide further Supplies towards defraying the Charges of the War: And as I am very secure, that you will not fail, on your Part, to do all that shall be necessary, in order to that End; so I assure you, I shall not be wanting; on Mine, to see that there be a diligent and a strict Application of the Supplies you give Me, to these Uses only, for which you intend them.

I have lately told you, That the Posture of Affairs Abroad would not admit of deferring my Journey to the Hague much beyond this Time; and I put you in mind of it again now, in hopes That Consideration will prevail with you, to use all possible Dispatch in what still remains to be done, for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War.

I must not conclude without mentioning to you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, That, if some annual Provision could be made for the Augmenting of the Navy, and Building of some new Ships of War, it would be a very necessary Care, at this Time, both for the Honour and Safety of the Nation.

- Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Of

v V O L.X.

the whole House, to consider of the Bill for laying several Duties upon Low Wines,' or Spirits of the first Extraction.

Then the House proceeded upon the Report formerly Navy and made from the Committee to whom the Consideration of Army> ^stl-the Estimates and Accounts relating to the Army, Navy,'mate*’ and Treasury, were referred, concerning the Army.

And Mr. Foley reported further, from the said Committee, That they had considered of the Earl of Rane-lagh’s and Mr: Fore's Answers, delivered in to the Observations of the said Committee upon their Accompts; and had prepared Replies thereunto: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said several Answers and Replies were read; and are as followeth;

The particular Payments which make up the Sum of . Sixteen thousand Four hundred Fifty-one Pounds Five Shillings and One PenyThree Farthings, charged by the Earl, of Ranelaugh, as paid to the Garisons,' in the Abstract of his Receipts and Payments from the Fifth of November 1688, to the Twenty-ninth of September 1690; delivered to the House of Commons the Eighth of November 1690.

s. d.

To Berwick, and Holy Island - - 854 3 9

To Carlisle - - - - . - 460 b —

To Chepstowe - - - - 72 18 —

To. Chester - - - - 362 16 —

To the Cinque Ports - - -1,142 9 8

To Calshott - - - 90 15 —

To Dartmouth - - - - 127 12 —

To Guernsey - .- - - -194 8 —

To Gravesend - - r 1,672-----

To Hull - - - - . 853 16 —

To Jersey -. - - - 240-----

To. Landguard Fort -. - - - 184 3 —

To St. Mawes - - - 45 12 —

To Pendennis - - - 72 8 - —

To Plymouth r - - - 150-----

To Portland - - - - -139 68

To Portsmouth - - - - 2,202 510

To Sheemesse - - - -1,408 18 8

To Scilly - - 120 10 —

To Scarborough - -- ? - 91 5 3

To the Tower of London - 1,385-----

To Tinmouth, and Clifford’s Fort - - 720 8 —

To Upnor, and the Gunners on thej _ ,

Medway - - - - -} .*« 12

To Windsor - - - - 364-----

To the Isle of Wight - - - -1,728 11 3|

To the Assigns of the Lord Culpepper, in j __

lieu of the Quit Rents in Virginia - j 0

To the Gunners on the River of Thames 160-----

To the Gunners in St. James’ Park - 154 ——

£. 16,451 5 if

A particular Accompt to whom the Sum of Twenty-three thousand Four hundred Seventy-three Pounds . Thirteen Shillings and Eleven-pence was paid, which the Earl of Ranelagh hath charged to Accompt of Contingencies, in his Abstract of Receipts and Payments delivered to the House of Commons the Eighth of November 1690. £ s d

26 , 8 6

- 50 -

36 9 6

16 10 —

- 15 9 6

- 5 5 —

- 36 12 —

- 9 4 —

- 34 4 —

- 73 16 —

6 1 —

T*

To Major Baggott -

To Mr. Robert Gargrave -

To Major Hawley -

To Major Philpot

To Mr. Beavoir -

To Colonel Widdrington -

To the Lord Churchill

To Colonel Bonham Strangewayes

To Sir John Edgworth

To the Duke of Northumberland -

To Henry Evans -

20° Decembris.

A. 1690.

Navy and Army Estimates,

To the Provost Marshal Captain Thomas

To Colonel Dorrington.

To George Clarke, esquire -

To Colonel Hales

To Thomas Silver -

To Major Nott - -

To several Messengers

To Colonel Widdrington -

To Mr. Ingram -

To fylajor Norton - -

To Cornet Ashbumham -

To Quartermaster Brady -

To Rich. Bien -

To Jamies Chapman r -

To Captain Thomas Moore

To Ralph Young

To Sir Hugh Middleton

To Mr. Alex. Gawne - -

To several Messengers -

To Rich. Dalton - -

To several Messengers -

To Anfch. Slingesby -

To Captain Champion -

To Captain Dyer - -

To the Duke of Grafton -

To Major Norton,- more -

To Lieutenant Metham -

To Cornet Clinkard -

To Corporal Wigly

To John Molins - -

To Major Wilson

To the Gunners at Yarmouth

To Captain Bridgman -

To Mr. Shallett -

To Colonel Elligott - -

To Sam. Cooke Messengers

To Colonel Beaumont

To Colonel St Clair -

To the Lord Jermyn -

To Sir John Reresby -

To Mr. Shallet - - - - 1

To Mr. Campbell - , -

To Colonel Richards*- -

To Adam Cardonnell - -

To Captain Potts

To James Walker - -

To Rob. Gargrave -To Wm. Oglethorpe - -

To Captain Henry’Villiers -To the Lord Churchill To Wm. Stanstead -

To the Count de Solmes -

To Colonel Hestings - -

To Mr. Ingram To Captain Wilkinson -

To Colonel O’Farrell -To Mr. Rob. Erwing -To Bennet Hammond -

To the Lord Sidney -To the Widow Garland - -

To Sir Cha. Littleton -To Mr. Wm. Wallis - -

To Mr. Rich. Povey -To Daniel Birt -

To Sir Johh Reresby - To Mr. George Clerke -

To Mr. Hugh Chidley -

To Lieutenant Bullein To Mr. Evans -To Sir Jos. Tredenham To Major Hastings -To Mr. Dalton -

To Sir John Hotham -

To several Messengers -

To Mr. Crawford

«£. s. d. X. s. d.

105 — — To Mr. Beavoir- - - 110 8 —

4i 12 6 To Mr. Ingram - - . - 46 — —

46 10 To Mr. Peirce - - . - 70 7 —

56 15 — To Colonel Hallsall - - . _ - 9 4 —

8.1 5 To Captain Potts - ’ - 9 4 —

115 12 6 To the Lord Lucas - - - 24 13 —

3i 14 — To Mr. Cragg - - - - 134 10 6

75 12 3 To Mr. Oglethorpe - - - 38 5 —

40 15 7 To Mr. Ingram- - - 3 13

200 — To Mr. Bovey - - - - ' '37 11 —

9° — — To the Widow Garland - - - 10 18 10

60 — To Thomas Silver - - - . 55 IX 1

43 13 — To Thomas Doble - - - 9 4 —

4 8 — To Rich. Stanley - - 73 12 —

45 — - — To Captain Copley - . - - 92 — —

7 5 — To the Count de Solmes - . - 20 11 4

50 a — To Captain Hammond - - 9 . 4

379 8 10 To Geo. Collins - - - 20 14 6

36 4 6 To Captain Lewis - - - 412 19 —

26 10 — To Mr. Alcroft - - - 65 16 6

36 4 6 To Captain Thomas - - - - 84 17 2

33 18 — To Obediah Reynolds - - 1*9 12 —

50 — . — To the Earl of Oxford - - 500 — —

24 - 8 6 To Mr. Nich. Roope - - - - 171 12 8

64 17 - — ' To Lieutenant General Douglasse - 65 8 8

135 — — . To Mr. Wolesly - - - . 35 12 —

100 — . To Mr. Crawford - - 11 10 —

90. — To Hum. Aiskell - - - 88 18 4

30 — *. — , To Mr. James Pearse - - - 3l — —

36 12 — To Colonel Godfrey - - - mm 160 — —

9i 10 — To Captain Hamond more - - % 9 4 ' —

9 4 To the Earl of Northampton. - - 3>300 — —

36 12 — To Mr. Wolesly - - 28 17 6

77 5 5 To the Lord Churchill - - - 3> 2 2

600 To several Messengers - - - 110 18 —

11 17 . — To Major Hetzler - - m 44 6 5

88 4 — To John Thurston - - 39 l9 6

55 4 — To Mr. Cooke the Messenger - - 20 13 —

73 4 To Sir John Guise - - 77 16 4

9 4 — To Mr. Hammond - - - 16 — —

41 4 — To John Thurston ’more m - . 30 —

30 10 — To Dr. Bateman - - - 31 18 —

16 6 8 To the Earl of Feversham - - - 38 — —

43 8 10 To Captain Copley more - - 60 — —

9 4 — To Mr. Thom. Richards - - - 48 7 6

7 12 3 To Brone Clench - - 13 *5 —

50 _ To several Messengers - - - 59 13 —

18 1 To Monsieur Saumise - - - 15 10 —

36 10 — To Colonel Hastings - - - - 33 l9 6

36 12 — To Mr. Richards - - - 18 8 —

36 13 2 To Captain Ketch - - - 30 -T- —

50 9 2 To Lieutenant Lesley - - - 20 — —

66 3 _ To the Dutch Adjutant - - - 23 10 —

101 8 7 To Mr. Hall - - - 23 10 f>

242 8 To Captain Godolphin - - - 18 6 —

88 2 — To Mr. Topham - - - 60 — —

208 17 6 To several Messengers 7 - - 4t 9 —

23 11 6 To the Dutch Major - - - - 19 8 —

226 2 7 To Mr. Ridley - - - - 23 — - —

6 6 3 To the Houshold Drummers - - 6 2 —

54 *3 To Mr. Silver - - - - 40 — —

591 13 6 To Major General Sgravenmore - 453 4 8

72 1 . — To several Surgeons Mates - mm 126 10 —

24 19 2 To Major Mathews - - - - 19 — 2

24 3 — To Mr. Thurston - - 10 — 6

30 »3 4 To Mr. James Pearse - - 39 5 2

148 2 6 To Monsieur Hetzler - - - r 57 18 9

179 11 4 To Daniell Birt - - - . - 28 . —

10 5 To Major General Mackay - - 7i 2 —

56 6 8 To Major Le Hunt - - - - 109 10 —

101 4 — To Monsieur Hetzler - - - - 38 7 2

72 ... To Mr. Crawford - - - 15 — —

115 10 ... To Mr. John Ashton - - - - 58 — —

61 15 6 To Colonel John Gibson - - 90 — —

14 To Colonel Vaughan - - - 260: 8 To

2 W. & M.

2o* Decetnbris.

5>7

To Major Ashton

To Colonel Bynns To James Wiilock To Captain Jones To Mr. Crawford To Mr. Gosnold To Mr. Holford To the Lord Lucas To Colonel King To James Knight To Mr. Mooney To Major Board To the Earl of Marlborough To Major Wingfeild -

To Colonel Tolmash -

To Colonel Maitland -

To Sir Robert Douglasse -

To Colonel O Farrel -

To Sir David Coljear -

To Colonel Hodges - -

To Colonel Fitzpatrick -

To Major Whalley - -

To Colonel Hales - -

To Mr. Guidott -

To Major Lander and Major Bridgman . To Mr. Moony - -

To Mr.- Whitfeild -

To Captain Broughton ' -To Ditto -

To Ditto -

To Colanel O Farrell -

To Roger Sizer -

To Ditto * - -

To Colonel Hodges -

To Colonel Talmash -

To Major Bridgeman

79

>43

45

172

11

30

43

270

>>5

30

1,300

509

699

88

400

400

800

400

200

400

200

200

200

95

57

130

57

>9

*5

150

>9

810

427

100

218

28

s.

7 — >5 — >5 —

5 —

10 —

5 —

10 10

5 — >7 9 >9 7

9 9

17 6

7 —

>9 —

10 11

2 6

9 8

10 10

>9

X 23,473 13 11

A Reply from the Committee for examining the Accompts of the Army unto the Answer of Richard Earl of Ranelagh, Paymaster General, 8$c. made by him unto the Report of the said Committee.

1st. The Report of the Committee stated the Poundage according to the Earl of Ranclagk's Receipts; because they found nothing in his Payments but what might be included within the Warrant for the Deduction thereof, unless the contrary had appeared to them; which did not: Yet the Committee queried, Whether any of the Sums were to be paid without that Deduction-; and now leave it to the House to be satisfied therein.

The Payment of the Dutch Forces comes per Annum to above Four hundred thousand Pounds; and the Committee were not informed of any Reason to differ them from the English in this Point of Poundage: If his Majesty’s Pleasure therefore appear to the House, as the . Lord - Ranelagh asserts in his' Answer, the Committee submits the same'to the House.

The Committee thinks fit to observe, that the Warrant produced by Mr. Harbord, by virtue of which he charged himself with above Twelve thousand Pounds, deducted for Poundage, doth not direct him, How to distribute the same, either for Payment of Exchequer Fees, Chelsea College, or by Direction from the Treasury: And if the Earl of Ranelagh had made appear to the Committee any such Warrant, they would have considered thereof: But though it is Fourteen Days since the Committee delivered in- their Accompt to this House, in which they excepted that the Lord Ranelagh had not allowed. the Poundage, and much longer since the Committee resolved the Poundage ought to be deducted; yet the Lord Ranelagh hath not thought fit to produce to the Committee any of- those Warrants he mentions in his Answer, by which he is directed to pay any Regiments, w ithout deducting the Poundage, or to distribute the Poundage to any other Uses than to pay the Army.

'V w. X-

The Committee must submit to the House the Accompt of the Distribution of Poundage, as it is given in by the Earl of Ranelagh, nothing being before them by which they can examine the same, or receive any Satisfaction from it; and the rather because the several Parts of his Answer dp not agree well with one another: One Part concluding, that no Poundage ought to be deducted; another Fart of his Answer concluding, that w’hat remains, after other Uses satisfied, shall be applied Xo the Army; and another Part seeming to decline the giving any Answrer to this House, by averring he is, in this Point, only accountable to his Majesty.

2. The Establishments of the' Regiments differ: Therefore, without a particular Accompt of the Establishment for each Regiment, and of the Days and time from whence the Pay commenced and ended, it is utterly impossible for the Committee to examine the Accompts exactly.

3. Jt appears by the Earl of s Answer, That

he hath paid Ten thousand Eight hundred Fifty-twQ Pounds Eight Shillings and One Peny to Forces that never were in his Majesty’s Service, except the Scotch Regiment, for a Short Time; and that Seven thousand One hundred Eighty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Elevenpence, is Part of the Arrears he makes due to the Army: Which last Sum he demands as an Arrear due to the Regiments disbanded before their Majesties Accession to the Crown; but produceth no Warrant for the same.

4. The Answer to the Fourth Observation is very obscure in this; That the Earl saith,'That when he cleared, he paid all by Muster Roll: But when he had Warrant to the contrary, arid so far as he had Rolls, the Committee thinks it requires no Answer: For it appears not to them, When he cleared any, or what Warrant or Muster Rolls he had or used: But they think it strange, that all the Respits Should amount to no more than Five hundred Pounds; and suppose, upon Examination, it will appear otherwise, and also that much more is by him Charged as paid to several Regiments, than the Esta-, blishment within the time of his Accompt eomes to, amounting in the whole to a very great Sum: Which Charge the Committee is rdady to prove, whensoever this House shall order the same.

.5. and 6. The Answer to the Fifth and Sixth Observation doth consist in the Earl’s producing new Accompts: To which the Committee can make no Reply, until they be examined and considered of; but they relate to Sums which were not brought or charged by the Committee to sink the Arrears: The Committee bring back these new Accompts to the House, that when they be read, the House may please to declare its Pleasure thereupon.

7. The Seventh Observation, relating to the Earl of Ranelagh, was designed by the Committee to know, What was in his Hand just before the Accompt be brought in of Receipts from the Exchequer; that so it might have appeared, Whether he had Money or no to pay the Forces that were disbanded before their Majesties Accession to the Crown, over and above the Monies that were received by him from the Exchequer, within the time of his Accompts delivered in to the House: To which he hath given no Answer; but that, Eleventh December 1688, the time of the late King's going away, he had then (as he saith) in his Hands very little; and what he had was included in the Receipts of his Accompts, and therein accounted for: But, without an Accompt appears for some time before the Fifth November 1688, it will not be possible justly to settle the Accompt now brought in, unless the Earl agree, that all the Money by him paid was due betwixt the Fifth of November 1088, and the First Day of October 1690.

The Committee, notwithstanding the Earl’s Reply as to the Tin (wherein there was a Mistake in the Transcribing of Five thousand Pounds), are of Opinion, That the Produce of it Should be applied to the Sinking of the Arrears of the Army, because it is charged by him as paid to the Army, and in Discharge of Part of the Money received by him- out of the Exchequer.

- .(5P The

Navy

and Army . Accompt*.

518 20° Decembris.. A 1690.

Navy *nd Army Accompts.

The last Answer of the Earl of Ranelagh's,relating to dred Thirty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven-the Dutch Forces, excepts against the Accompt from pence Three Farthings, deducted out of the said Arrears, the Committee concerning the Dutch Arrears, because being Money paid to Monsieur for Recruit

Thirty-one Thousand Seven hundred Twenty-three Horses;

Pounds, owned to be paid them in Ireland since the First He answers, That those Horses, being in -lieu of of June 1690, was not deducted out of the Arrears de- Recruit Money, which never was deducted from the livered in by the Earl oi'Ranelagh to the House: To Soldiers, ought not to be applied towards sinking the which the Committee replies, That they have allowed Arrear.

the same in a greater Sum, being Forty-eight thousand To the Charge, in tire said Report, of Twelve-pence in Five-hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and the Pound for the Sum of Two hundred Forty-three Three-pence Farthing in Mr. FaresAccompt; who paid thousand One hundred Eighty-five Pounds Eight Shil-the same; and therefore did put it in its proper Place to lings and One Peny Halfpenny received by Mr. Fox, and sink the Arrears. which amounts to Twelve thousand One hundred Fifty-

The Answer of Charles Fox, Esquire, to the Report, nine Pounds Five Shillings and Five-pence;

Observations, fyc.of the Committee of Accompts, He answers,

so far as they relate to himself, and Thomas Con- 1st, That the Twelve-pence in the Pound is ordered

ingsby,' Esquire, the present Paymasters of the to be deducted by his Majesty’s Warrant inserted in the

Army in Ireland. Establishment of Ireland, to be disposed of as his Ma-

First, The Committee in their Report say, That it ap- jesty shall direct: And the Act of Parliament against pears by an Accompt made up by Mr. Fox, there was an Mutiny and Desertion, declares the said Twelve-pence in . Arrear of Six hundred Forty-eight thousand Sixty Pounds the Pound shall be disposed as his Majesty by his War-Fourteen Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing due to the rant shall direct.

Army under the Care of Mr. Harbord, Mr. Fox, and 2dly. That a great Part of the Sums issued by the

Mr. Cognisby, the First October 16go. present Paymasters of hath been paid without

To which Mr. Fox answers, That there was a Paper by - any Deduction by his. Majesty’s particular Directions; him delivered in tq this House the Eighth of November and most of the Remainder being paill on Account, last, intituled, A State of the Debt due to the Army in there could not be a Deduction thereout, because . Ireland, from the First.l/oy 16 89, to the First October 1690. the said Poundage is never stopt'but upon Clearings; By which it appeared, that the Sum of Four hundred Six and if, upon the said Clearings, any thing of the Pound-thousand Three hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Nine Shil- age shall remain. after a Deduction of the Exchequer lings and Eight-pence was due to the said Army before Fees, and the Charge of the Office, his Majesty wiH the First June 1(190, till which time Mr. Harbord was dispose thereof by his Warrant; and therefore he con-Paymaster, who made up the said Accompt; and Mr: ceives the said Poundage is not applicable to sink the Fox was not at all concerned either in the Computing or said Arrear.

Stating thereof: And that the further Sum of Two hun- All the other Abatements in the said Report relating dred Forty-one thousand Seven hundred Twenty-three to the Forces in Ireland, during such time as Mr.

Pounds Five Shillings and One Farthing was due.to the bord was Paymaster there, Mr. For leaves it to him to said Army from the First of June aforesaid, when Mr. give particular Answers thereunto.

Fox and Mr. Cognisby entered on the Office of Paymaster, To the 1 st, 2d, and 3d Articles of the said Committee’s to the First October last; both which Sums of Four hun- Paper of Observations, Mr. Fox answers, dred Six thousand Three hundred Thirty-seven Pounds That he found all the Regiments, mentioned in the said Ning Shillings and Eight-pence, and Two hundred Forty- Paper delivered in by him the Eighth of November last; one thousand Seven hundred Twenty-diree Pounds Five established the First June 1690, when he entered on his Shillings and One Farthing, make together the before- Office, except that of Roscommon, Drogheda, Ingolsby, mentioned gross Sum of Six hundred Forty-eight thousand and Zanky; and since the said First June none have Sixty Pounds Fourteen Shillings Eight-pence and One been disbanded.

Farthing: But he also affirms,. That in the said Paper To the 4th Article in the said Observations, he an-there are Memorandums of Fifty-two thousand Five hun- swers, That, from the said Fir'st June to the First October dred Pounds paid by Mr. Harbord, which reduced his last, there has been no Muster taken of the Forces, in Arrear of Four hundred Six thousand Three hundred Ireland; so that he w-as obliged to compute for that Thirty-seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight-pence; time according to the Establishment: But his Majesty Three hundred Fifty-three thousand Eight hundred having taken a Review of them after the Battle of the Thirty-seven Pounds Nine" Shillings and Eight-pence; Foyne, when the said 4rrear shall be cleared the Pay-and of Seventy-seven Thousand Nine hundred Thirty- ments will be regulated according to the Numbers at the eight Pounds Six Shillings and Sixpence Halfpeny, paid said Review.

by Mr. Fox, which brought down his Arrear of Two To the'5th Observation, the said Paymaster answers,

hundred Forty-one thousand Seven hundred Tw enty- That he has paid butTvvo thousand Nine hundred Ninety-three Pounds Five Shillings arid One Farthing to One eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Halfpeny for . hundred Sixty-three thousand Seven hundred Eighty-four Contingencies, the Particulars of which he hath annexed Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five-pence Three Far- to this his Answer; but what Payments have been made things: Both which.Sums of Three hundred Fifty-three on that Account, by the other-Paymasters, he knows, thousand Eight hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Nine Shil- not. '*

lings and Eight-pence, and One hundred Sixty-three To the 6th Observation, he saith, That he has paid thousand. Seven hundred Eighty-four Pounds Eighteen Thirteen thousand Pounds, as appears by his Accompts Shillings and Five-pence Three' Farthings, being added for Transports; but what Mr. Harbord has paid for that together, make , the Total of the Arrear to the First of Use will, appear by his Accompts, which Mr. Fox is not October aforesaid, as appears by the said Paper, to be concerned in '

Five hundred Seventeen thousand Six hundred Twenty- All which is humbly submitted tb this honourable two Pounds Eight Shillings and One Peny Three Far- House, this Tenth 1690. Cha. Fox.

things; which he conceives ought particularly to have been taken Notice of in the said Report:_ But, since the An Accompt. of Money paid by Charles Fox, and Committee have thought fit to state the Accompts, in a Thomas Conningsby, Esquires, for several contingent

diiferent. Method f rom the said Paper, Mr. Fox objects to . Uses relating to the Service of Ireland. the Sums brought by them in Abatement of the Arrear,

so far only as concerns his ACcompt; as follow s; viz. Paid to the Three Commissioners of thel

To the Sum of Three thousand Two hundred Pounds, Great Seal of Ireland for the Equi- > .300 — — Part of One hundred Twenty-nine thousand Five hun* page, <$c4 - - - -J-

\ ' raid

2 W. & M. 20° — ^22° Decembrist.

5*9

Paid Sir Tho. Domville, Clerk of the £. s. Crown, ditto - - - - 6o — —

Paid Mr. Jones for the Printing Press - 100-----

Paid Mr. Cuff, for building a Store-house at High Lake - - - 250 —

Paid for Two Tents for Sir Ro. Southwell .72 10 — Paid for Twenty-seven Horses for the

Train of Provisions - - - 216-----

Paid Mr. Forrvard his Majesty’s Bounty 100-----

Paid Madam Rozeinham, ditto - - Too — - —

Paid IVm. La Baume, who brought an

Express - - - 20-----

Paid Dr. Fairc/ough, by Direction from the Treasury - - - - 30 — —

Paid Count Soltnes Secretary - - 46-----

Paid for Freight of Goods - - - 441 4 —

Paid Sir Rob. Southwell on Account of his Entertainment to the First of October - - - - 625 — —

Paid for Horses, Waggons, and several other Expences in sending Money for Ireland - - - - 250 9 —

Paid to the Guards that attended it - 137 9 -

Lost by Twelve thousand Guineas received at Twenty-two Shillings, and paid at Twenty-one Shillings and Nine-pence,

pet'Order of Treasury - - - 150 -

Paid the Commissioners of the Sick and Wounded, on Account of the Irish

Prisoners - - - 100-----

£. 2,998 12 —

and the Remains cannot be stopped, but upon clearing; and then, after Deduction of the Exchequer Fees, and Charge of the Office, is to be at his Majesty’s Disposal.

The Committee see the Warrant for the Deduction of Poundage from the Army in Ireland, which direct the ' same to be disposed, as his Majesty, by his Warrant, Should direct; but neither Mr. nor Mr. Fox did

produce any Warrant to pay any one Regiment, without the Deduction of Poundage; so nothing appeared to them, Why the Poundage Should not be deducted; and it was all one, as the Committee conceived, if the same is to be deducted, whether the Money was in the Hand of Mr. Fox, or the Army; because so much less was due to the Army, as the Poundage came to: And his Majesty having ordered the Accompts to be brought before this House, and not directed by any Warrant to dispose of the Poundage, the Committee suppose his Majesty did not expect this House Should supply his Majesty to pay the Arrear of the Army, when there appears Money which he might direct to pay such Arrears; and to say, that the Paymasters are accountable to the King,' is not only to avoid giving Satisfaction to the House, but a Refusal to give that Account they are required to make by his Majesty.

The rest of Mr. Foxes Paper needs no Reply, to it: He owns, That he hath computed the Debt of the Army according to the Establishment: Which he excuses, because he saith, No Muster hath been taken since he entered upon the Office, to the Time of the Accompt.

He hath given in a List of his Contingencies: Which the Committee brings to the House; that it may be read, and the Pleasure of the House known thereupon.

A Reply to the Paper of Cha. Fox, Esquire, relating to the Accompts of the Army.

1. The First Article admits the Arrears to be stated by*

Mr. Fox himself, according to the Report of the Committee; but excepts against that Report, because the Committee did not take particular Notice of Two Me-, morandums in the Paper delivered in by Mr. Fox, by which he says, Fifty-two thousand Five hundred Pounds was paid by Mr. Harbord, and Seventy-seven thousand Nine hundred Thirty-eight Pounds Six Shillings and Sixpence Halfpeny, was paid by Mr. Fox, not included in the Accompt, which would sink the Arrear: But this Exception is only to the Method of the Accompt, which- Mr. Fox admits to be true; and the Reason of the Committee’s Method was, because they found that both Mr. Fox and Mr. Harbord had paid more than those Sums on the Account orf the Army, besides -what was stated in the Accompt brought in by Mr. Fox, and so have allowed in their Accompts at once in general all paid by them for Subsistence Money, in which these Sums are included.

2. Mr. Fox excepts against Three thousand Two hundred Pounds paid to Monsieur Overkirk for Recruit Horses, being, as he saith, in lieu of Recruit Money; and ought not to be applied to the Sinking of the Arrears.

This Matter was debated in the Committee: Who found, in all the Accompts, great Sums paid for Levy Money, and also very great Sums for Horses, amounting, in the Whole, to above Sixty-five thousand Pounds; and no Warrants pretended for the aliening this to the Army,

Upon Consideration w hereof and that the Accompt of the Irish Array then before them w as made up according to Establishment, it was their Opinion, That so much of the said Sum ought, to be charged to the Army as. was laid out for Recruit. Horses, leaving out the Carriage Horses: So that this Exception is only Mr. Fox his Opinion against that of the Committee's: Which is submitted to the House.

3. Mr. Fox conceives the Poundage is not applicable to sink the Arrears, because being by the Warrant for the Deductions thereof to be disposed of as his Majesty shall direct: He saith, A great Part of the same, issued by the present Paymasters for Ireland, hath been paid, by his Majesty’s particular Directions, without any Deduction;

Vol. X.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Commis-resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to doners of consider of the Bill for appointing and enabling Com- AccomPt®' missioners to take the Publick Accompts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir IF.m. Whitlock took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Wm. Whitlock reports from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and agreed upon several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered That the said Report be made on Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning The King’s next, at Eleven a Clock, take into Consideration, his Spee^t<\b* Majesty’s Gracious Speech this Day to both Houses of C0BS1 e ‘ Parliament.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Committeea.

And then the House adjourned till* Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 22* die Decembris;

2° Gulielmi et Marice.

Prayers.

MR. Bowyer reports from the Committee to whom York Build-the Bill for the better encouraging,* carrying on, »ng* Water and settling the Waterworks in York Buildings, was com- Company, mitted, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then'a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then a Proviso was offered to be added to the Bill, against the using of a Windmill or Chain Pump to the Annoyance of the Neighbourhood.

And

!Yideaux*i Claim on LordJeffrjet.

Aulnage

liuty.

London

Orphans,

Bridport

Eltction.

Wareliani

Election#

520 22° Decembris, A. 1690.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for charging the Estate of the late Lord Jeffryesin the County of Leicester, with the Sum of Fourteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds, -with Interest, to Edmund Prideaux, Esquire, ..... be further proceeded upon, and Counsel heard at the Bar touching the said Bill (as was formerly directed), upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for transferring the Duty and Subsidy of Aulnage to the Custom-house, was read the Third time. /

And an Amendment being proposed to be made in Line 21, by leaving out the Word " or;" and, instead thereof, to insert " and the same was, ripon the Question put thereupon, "agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for transferring the Duty and Subsidy of Aulnage to the Custom-house.

Ordered, That Sir John Guise do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for erecting a Court of Inquiry, in order to the Relief of the distressed Orphans of the City of London, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock,

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridport in the County of the

State of the Case, as it appeared to the said Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Manley, senior, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Stephen Evans, to serve for the Borough of Bridport ;*

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were thus:

For S\rStepk. Evans - - - 160.

For Mr. Manley - - - 149.

That the Question before the Committee was, Whether the Petitioner, or Sitting Member, had the Majority of qualified Voices; and, upon examining the Exceptions of both' Sides, the Committee came to a Resolution: Which Mr! Grey read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table Where it was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Stephen Evans is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridport.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Stephen Evance is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridport.

Mr. Gray reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter touching the Election of Burgesses for the' Borough of Wareham in the County of Dorsett, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the said Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Thom. Skinner, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of H (IliumOkeden, Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Wareham.

That the Bight of Election was agreed, both by the

Petitioner and Sitting Member, to be in all the In (habitants of the Borough oiWarehami paying Scotland Lot,

and in the Freeholders of the said Borough.

That, on the Behalf of the Petitioner, was called

Jfm. Combs: Who delivered in a Poll; which, he said he took for Mr. Skinner: Upon which the Numbers were thus;

For Mr. Skinner - - , - 93.

For Mr. Okeden - - - 74.

That, on the Behalf of the Sitting Member, was cal led

John Guy: Who said, he took the Poll by Directi on of the Mayor.

Upon which the Numbers were thus;

For Mr. Skinner - - - 86.

For Mr. Okeden - - - 76.

That, upon this Poll, there were Queries put up»on Nineteen Voices that voted for the Petitioner, and utpon Five that voted for the Sitting Member: And Mr refusing or neglecting to make good the Voices queried upon this Poll, the Mayor struck off the queried Voices on both Sides, and so tire Sitting Member had the Majority of Voices.

That several Exceptions were taken to the Voices of . both Sides; wherein the Witnesses contradicted one another: But that, upon the whole Matter, the Cc >mmittee came to a Resolution: Which Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s > Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cot nmittee. That William Okeden, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wareham.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with th e Committee in the said Resolution, That . Okeden, I ’squire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wareham.

Mr. Gray also reports from the Committee of Pri vileges and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter to uching the Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in this p 'resent Parliament for the County of Berks, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: Which he delive red in at the Clerk’s Table, in Writing: Where the sam e was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon a Petition of the Freeholders of the Com lty of Berks, complaining of an undue Election and R etum of Sir Henry IVirtchcombe to serve for the C< Dunty of Berks;

That no Person appearing to make good the said Petition, the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Petition be rejected.

Upon a Petition of Rich. N, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of, Sir Humphry Forster to serve for the same County;

That, upon examining the Matter of the said Petition, it appeared to the Committee upon the Poll, that there was,

For Sir Hum. Foi'ster - - 822.

For the Petitioner - 793.

But that the Petitioner objected. That there was Nine that voted for the Petitioner, 'that were not set down in the Poll; and that Five others were riot present, who are put down in the Poll for Sir Humphry Forster; and that, as to Twenty-seven'others, who polled for Sir Humphry Forster, that they were not Freeholders.

That the Committee heard the Evidence, astothe Two First Objections made by the Petitioner: But, as to the Exception made against the Twenty-seven, as no Freeholders; That it being proved to the Committee, That all that were admitted to poll had taken an Oath before ' Jliey polled, That they were Freeholders; and the Persons themselves not being present; the Committee came to a Resolution; viz.

That it is the Opinion of this. Committee, That the Committee will not admit of a verbal Averment agaii st

18 au

Berk*

Election

Devizes

Election*

jW.^M. 22® Decembris. 521

an Oath given by the Sheriff to such Freeholders, they not being present.

And that the said Twenty-seven being, allowed to the Sitting Member, the Sitting Member had the Majority of Voices.

And thereupon the Committee came to a further Re-> solution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Humphry Foi'ster is duly elected a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Berks.

Which several Resolutions the said Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were once read throughout.

And the First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said Petition be rejected.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Resolution be postponed.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir is

duly elected a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Berks.

Mr. Gray also reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter touching the Election of Burgesses for the Borough of the Devizes in the County of Wilts, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the said Committee: The which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table in Writing: Where the 6ame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Esquire, complaining of an undue Election of Sir Thomas to serve for the Devizes;

That the Right of Election appeared to be in the free Burgesses of the Devizes: And there is in the Devizes a Mayor, Recorder, Twelve major Capital Burgesses, and Twenty-four minor Capital Burgesses, as they are called, which are of the Nature of a Common Council.

That Rich. Hope, on the Behalf of the Petitioner, was called: Who said, He was Clerk of the Court of Record there, in Nature of a Town Clerk, and took the Poll with the Consent of the Mayor: That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were thus:"

For Sir Thomas Fow - - - 23 For Mr. Methwen - - - - 36

That, on Behalf of the Sitting Member; was called Dauntsey Brouneker: who said he took the Poll by Order of Sir Thom. Fozvles, and with the Consent of the Mayor: And that, upon his Poll, the Numbers were thus:

For Sir Thom. Fozvles - - - 31

For Mr. Methuen - - - - 36

That afterwards Sir Tho. Fozvles and Mr. Methwen came to the Mayor’s; and agreed that the Poll Should be scrutinied by Two of the Council, as they call it, and Two Gentlemen; and the not taking the Oaths appointed t<? be taken by the Officers before the First of August, was admitted to be -a good Exception, Mr. Methwen being present, and not opposing it.

That, upon the Scrutiny, it appeared, That there Were.. Nine of those that had voted for Mr. Methwen had not taken the Oaths, and Five others that voted for him who had not signed the Declaration of the Test: and that there were only Three of those who voted for Sir Thom. Fawles who had not taken the Oaths, and but one of them who voted for him who had not subscribed the said Declaration.

That Cherries Danvers, Recorder of the said Borough, for Twenty Years past, said, That the new Burgesses used to take the Oath according to the 13 Car.; and if not, were put out; and also used to take the Test: And that Voi,. X.

particularly Sir John Isles, after he had taken the Oath of a Freeman, was put out for not taking of the other Oaths.

That John Bolles said, That after Thirty-six had polled for Mr. Methwen, and Twenty-three for Sir Thomas

Fozvles, the Town Clerk said there was an End of the Poll: But the Mayor told him that was not his Business {

And thereupon there was a great Tumult: Upon which the Town Clerk did ndt go on: But afterwards there was Eight more polled for Sir Thom. Fozvles.

Fran. Para lice, John Rogers, Fra. Paratice, junior, testified, The Recorder had declared his Opinion, That the free Burgesses were not obliged to take the Oaths.

But the Recorder himself denied, That ever he gave any such Opinion.

That Fran. Sadler said, The Recorder had ordered the Serjeant td go to all the free Burgesses; and acquaint them, They must come in and take the Oaths, or they would be put out: And

That Rich. Bundy said, The Quarter Sessions was adjourned several times for swearing free Burgesses.

That Paradice senior, said, The Five objected against for hot subscribing the Declaration, had taken the Oaths, and paid their Money, and could not write; but desired their Hands might be put to the Declaration.

And that, upon the v'hole Matter, the Committee, came to a Resolution: Which Mr. read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Tho. Fozvles is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of the Devizes.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Thomas Fozvles is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of the Devizes;

The House divided.

Tellers for the Yeas,( }*«

Te,eref,r.heNoes,{^ },,.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That John Methwen, Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of the Devizes.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of the Devizes, according to the said Resolution.

Mr. Gray also reports from the Committee of Privi- Ludlow leges and Elections, so whom was referred the Matter Election, touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludtozv in the County of Salopp, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the

Committee: Which he delivered in Writing at the Clerk’s Table': Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. v

Upon the Petition of Fit ton Gerrard, and Francis Lloyd, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Thomas Hanmoreand William Gozvre, Esquires, to serve for the Borough of Ludlow;

That the Case was thus:

That the Borough of Ludlowe is a very ancient Corporation; and in Edward the Fourth’s time, the said Borough is incorporated by the name of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of Ludlow, with, a Grant Burgensibus Villa de Ludlow, to send Members to Parliament.

That this Corporation being served with a Quo ranto.,did, on the 2 "* Octobris 36* Car. 11", by Deed under t]ieir Common Seal, make a Surrender of their Franchise,

Rich. Cole, and Rowland Ersley, being then Bailiffs. On Twenty-eighth October is the Time for Electing Bailiffs in the said Borough, and John Bawdier and Gcq. Houghter were then elected and sworn Bailiffs: 'Phis Surrender was afterwards, viz. Fifth November following, acknowledged

f /N C 1 T

6 Q before

533 33° Decembris. A. 1690.

Ludlow before Sir Miles Cooke, a Master in Chancery, andinrolled

fitectioa. as of that Day.

That afterwards, the late King James, in the First Year of his Reign, granted to the said Borough a Charter; and constitutes a Mayor; and therein names their first Officers; and appoints the Election of Officers, and particularly of Burgesses to Parliament, to be by Twelve Aldermen, and Twelve Capital Burgesses; In the said Charter there is reserved to the said King, a Power, by any Order or Direction signified to the Lord President of the Council of Wales, to remove any of the Officers named in the Charter, or thereafter to be elected, and so often as the Lord - President, upon such Order or. Direction, Should declare suoh Officers to be removed, they Should be ipso facto . removed accordingly.

In Execution of this Power, King James, by Writing under his Sign Manual, bearing Date Eleventh November 1688, did require the Lord President to remove and dis-. place all the Officers that so the then Corporation might be dissolved; One SmaUm, with other Members of the ancient Corporation, carried this Writing to the Duke of Beaufort, then Lord President.

That Smallman said, The Duke of Beaufort then delivered them a Letter, directed to Sir Job then

Recorder of Ludlow; which the said Duke said, would do their Business; In this Letter was inclosed, as they perceived, some-Paper with a Seal; but the Paper was not shewed to them: That they delivered this Letter to Sir Job Charleton; but he refused to open the Letter before them, nor did proceed to act any thing in the dissolving the said Corporation: Butafterwards Sir Job. asked him, why he would destroy a Mayor Corporation: That afterwards he, with some others, went again' to the Duke of Beaufort;and thereupon the Duke, by a Writing under his Hand and Seal, bearing Date Tenth December 1688, which was produced to this Committee, taking Notice of the said Older and Direction of King James under his Sign Manual, did actually, in Obedience to the same, remove and displace the said Officers.

That it also appeared to the Committee, That the old Bailiffs had returned the Members to this House in the Convention,

That the Precept upon this Election was directed to Francis Charleton, Esquire, Mayor of , who is

Mayor under King James?, Charter; and the Election and Poll was ordered by the Mayor: But it was agreed upon, by the Poll so taken by the Mayor, The Sitting Members had the Majority of the old and new Burgesses, made as well before as after King James’s Charter.

That upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in atthe Clerk’s Table’: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the New Charter granted to the Town of by

the late King James, whereby the ancient Method of elect-

ing Burgesses for Parliament is altered, is illegal and void.

Resolved,' That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Hanmore, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Wm. Gower, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow.

Resolved, Thatitis the Opinion of this Committee, That Fitlon Gerrard, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Francis Lloyd, Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlowe.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the new Charter granted to the Town of Ludlowe by the late King James, whereby

the ancient method of electing Burgesses for Parliament is altered, is illegal and void.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thomas Hanmore,

Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough oi-Ludlazc.

The Third of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Wm. Gower, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present , Parliament for the Borough of Ludlowe.

The Fourth of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Fitton Gerrard,

Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlowe.

The last of the said Resolutions being read a Second time; # -

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Esquire,

is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the-Borough of Ludlotice.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow.

Mr. Gray, also reports from the Committee of Privi- Wootoa leges and Elections, to whom was referred the Matter Basset . touching the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Elec,*°"* Parliament for the Borough of Wooten Basset in the County of Wilts, the State of the Case as it appeared to the Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Webb, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Henry St. John, Esquire, to serve, for Wooton Bassett;

That on behalf of the Petitioner, was called

Charles Brinsden: Who said, He took the Poll at the Election, at the Request of the Petitioner: And, upon his Poll, the Numbers were thus;

For the Petitioner - - - 90.

For the Sitting Member - - 90.

And, it being suggested to the Committee, many of the Petitioner’s Votes were obtained by Bribery, the Committee were of Opinion, That if any bribing of Votes could be proved, the Counsel of both Sides Should apply themselves first to that Matter.

That, thereupon, for the Sitting Member, was called

John Wilkins: Who testified, That Mr. Knighton, who was an Agent, with Two others, for the Petitioner, had told him, that he was very much engaged for the Petitioner; and desired him the said Mr. Wilkins to make a Bond to indemnify him and the Two other Agents: And accordingly he did make a' Bond, wherein young Mr.

Webb arid his Father were bound to indemnity the said Agents: That he did not see the Bond sealed: But Mr. Knighton told him afterwards, It was sealed: And that Mr. Knighton told him that he paid Thirty. Shillings and Half a Crown to all the Petitiorter’s Voters, except Eight:

That Weston, the Petitioner’s Man, carried a Bag of Money through the Town upon his Shoulders, witK a Pair of Bag-pipes playing before him.

That Thomas Parsons, Charles Maslyn, Gabrieli Robyns, said, That they were promised Thirty Shillings and Half a Crown to vote for the Petitioner; and accordingly voted; and received’their Money at s

House.

That on the Behalf of the Petitioner they produced a Paper, as signed by Parsons, importing a Receipt for One Pound Twelve Shillings Six-pence for Meat and Drink for the Voters: But Parsons himself said He could

neither,

2 W. & M.

22° — 230 Decembris.

543

neither write nor read; and denied, that he ever put his Mark to that Paper, or expended any Meat or Drink for the Voters.

That they also produced another. Paper, as signed by Parsons, whereby he had declared, That the Mayor had offered him, and Two others, Thirty Shillings apiece, not to give their Votes for Mr. Webb.

That Parsons denied also, He put his Mark to the Paper: But it was proved by

That Weston said, That, the Night before the Witnesses were to go to London,. Parsons said, That some of Mr. St. Johns Agents would give Ten Pounds to go to London to swear Bribery; But the said Parsons did not name any Agents. . x

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to a Resolution: Which Mr. Gray read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it i6 the Opinion of this Committee, That Henry St. John, Esquire,' is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Woo ton Basset.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree in the said Resolution, That Henj~y St. John, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wooton Bassett.

Ordered, That John Knighton, one of the Aldermen of the Borough of Wooton. Basset in the County of Wilts, be

taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending tills House; for his Distributing of Bribes to the Electors of the said Borough, at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

Detmnining Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom Elections. the Bill for the speedier Determining of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Commit- Sir Wm. Whitlocke reports from the Committee of the signers of whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing and erta-Accompts. bi;ng Commissioners to take the publick Accompts, was committed, That they had left Blanks for the Commissioners Names.to be filled up by the House: And that they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: And the same, with some Amendments made thereunto, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. ' Ordered, That every Member of the House do prepare a List, in Paper, of Nine Persons, whom he shall think fit to be Commissioners in the said Bill, and put the same open into a Glass at the Table, upon Wednesday Morning next, by Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed; leaving a Blank for the Commissioners Names.

Supply Bill; Mr. Solicitor General presents to the House a Bill for Excise. doubling the additional Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, mentioned in an Act of the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquprs, to begin from the Time the Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the Space of One Year, doth expire, was presented to the House.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

n.e King’s Then the Order for the House, to take into Considera-Speech to b« fton his. Majesty’s Gracious Speech on Saturday last to const . Houses of Parliament, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning

Vol. X.

at Ten of the Clock, take into Consideration his Majesty’s said Gracious Speech; and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, %3* die. Decembris;

2* Gulielml et Marias.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Insolvent Debt and Damages, was read the Third time. Debtors. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be, An Act for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt and Damages.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to tire Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Wm. Briggs, Marshal of the King's Privilege- Bench, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Petition front House, \Vas read whereby he made an humble Acknow- a m ledgement of his Offence against this House; and repre- . y* sented, That his continuing in Custody would be prejudicial to him, and to the Persons at whose Suit the Prisoners were in Prison; and prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table till Saturday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for suspending, during the War with Act of Navi-France, that Part of the Act of Navigation, and also gatl®n re-that Part of the Act for the Exportation of Com, which Seamen" obliges English Ships to sail with English Seamen, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for suspending, during the War with France, that Part of the Act of Navigation, and also that Part of the Act for the Exportation of Corn, which obliges English Ships to sail with English Seamen.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew Andraees do carry the said Bill to the Lords'; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and amended the Devizes Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament d for the Borough of the Devizes, by rasing out the Name ameu e of Sir Thomas Fort ies, Knight, and instead thereof inserting the Name of John Methxcen, Esquire.

Ordered, That the Bill touching the Affrican Company’s African

Trade be read the First time upon Monday Morning next. Companj.

An ingrossed Bill for attainting Persons in Rebellion Attainting in England and Ireland, and for applying the ir Estates p^lKon" towards the Charge of the present War, was read the

Third time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made in PresS 3> Line l, by inserting, after " shall" these

Words, " extend, or be construed to convict, or;" and Line 3, by leaving outattaint," and, instead thereof, inserting " tb forfeit to," the same w'ere, Upon the Ques- . tien severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

And the Bill amended accordingly.

Then an ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider; That the said Act Should not prejudice any Pardon that Should be granted to Wm:and Charles Cecill, Sons of James late

Earl of Salisbury, being privately conveyed beyond the Seas, if they shall, before they attain Eighteen'Years of Age, receive the Sacrament in any Parish Church within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration enjoined by an Act made in the First Year of their Majesties.

And the said Clause was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

Supply.

Earl of

AilesbuTy'e

Estate.

Manware-ing’s Estate.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Supply Bill; Low Wines.

Earl of

Ailesbury's

Estate.

Lords remind House of a EilL

York Buildings Water Company.

524 a 3" — 240 Decembris. A. 1690.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Attainting Persons in Rebellion in England and Ireland, and for applying their Estates towards the Charge of the present War.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, took into Consideration his Majesty’s Gracious Speech on Saturday last to both Houses of Parliament.

And a Motion being made, For a Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the Augmenting of the Navy, and Building of some new Ships of War;

Resolved, Nem. contradicente, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Rob. and

Sir James Astry;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Earl of and Eliz.

Countess of AUesbury, his Wife, to make Provision for Payment of Debts, and to make Leases of their Estates: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, sent up from this House, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands, the Estate of Thom. Mamvareing, Gentleman, in Trustees, to

be sold for Payment of Debts, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Roberts do carry the Bill foe Relief of Poor Prisoners- for Debt or Damages, to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the . whole House, to consider of the Bill for laying several Duties uporv Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction.

Mr.. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had gone through the - Bill; and agreed upon several Amendments thereunto: Which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24* die Decembris;

raging, carrying on, and settling- the said Waterworks; was read the Third time.

And an ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider; That *

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider; That the said Act Should not restrain the Commissioners of Sewers, or Justices of the Peace, but that they may act and proceed in all Cases, as they might lawfully heretofore have done.

And the same was twice read.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made thereunto; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the said Proviso was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the same be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for incorporating the Proprietors of the Waterworks in York Buildings; and for the encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said Waterworks.

Ordered, That Air. Bowyerdo carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for raising the Militi* of this Kingdom the next Year, although the Month’s Pay, formally advanced and paid, is not yet repaid, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Tho. Clarges, Lord Marquis Winchester, Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. Gilbert, Major Vincent, Sir John Wynne, Sir John Guise, Sir John Mamvareing, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Wm. Leveson Gower, Sir John Sir Tho. Tayter, Serjeant Colonel Lee, Mr.

Christie, Colonel Austen, Mr. 'Harcourt, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Levels, Serjeant Hutchins, Mr. Glemham, Colonel Kirby, Colonel Beaumont, Mr. John 'Howe, Mr. Brownlow, Mr. Shackerty, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Brereton, Lord Colchester, Lord Brandon, Mr. Arnold, Lord Wm.Powlet. Major General Trelawny,

Sir Vere Vane, Lord Ranelagh, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Bernadiston, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Bale And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the preventing vexatious Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service, and in Defence of the Kingdom.

A Bill for asserting the Rights of Election of Members to serve in -Parliament for the respective Counties, Cities, Boroughs, and Cinque Ports within this Kingdom, was, according to Order, presented to the House; and received.

2* Gulielmi et Marite.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Earl of AUesbury, and Eliz. Countess of AUesbury, his Wife, to make Provision for Payment of Debts, and make Leases of their Estates, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and Sir James Astry;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do put this House in mind of a Bill, some time since sent down to this House,-intituled, An Act for preventing vexatious Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for incorporating the Proprietors of the Waterworks in York Buildings; and for engou-

14

Mr. Solicitor General, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties upon Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Petition of the Refiners of Sugar was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by a Bill brought into this House, to encourage the making Brandy from Corn, it is intended, That there be a Prohibition or Discouragement of the Use of Melassesby the Distiller, thereby, as is supposed, to consume greater Quantities of Corn than now is consumed by the Distillers: Which Bill, Should it pas9, will certainly abate the Revenue of the

Crown,

Raising

Militia,

Vexatious Suits for acting in Defence of the Kingdom.

Rights of Election.

Supply Bill; Low Wines.

Distillation of Brandy*

Commissioners of Accompts.

Supply.

Ways

and Means*

240 — a6° DecOnbris.

525

Crown, lessen the Consumption of Corn, ind ruin the Petitioners, and be advantageous only to some few French Merchants; who have monopolized great Quantities of Melasses made in England, the Price whereof they will greatly advance, if the Distiller be discouraged: And praying to be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, before the said Bill do pass.

And the Question being put, That the Petitioners be heard;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all Strong Waters, Brandy, Aqua Vila, or Spirits brought from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sa'rk, or Ald&hey, shall be charged with the Duty of Eight Shillings per Gallon, to be paid upon Entry before Landing.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all Charters, and Letters Patents, already or to be granted, for the sole Making of Brandy, Spirits, or Strong Waters, from Corn of any Sort, shall be adjudged void.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Then the several Members of the House did, according to Order, put into Glasses, at the Table, their several Lists of Nine Persons Names to be Commissioners in the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners for taking the publick Accompts.

And having so done;

Ordered, That Mr. Papillion, Sir Colonel

Birch, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Tho. Vei nott, do withdraw into the Speaker’s Chamber, and view the Lists given in by the Members of the House; and report to the House, upon which Nine Persons Names, mentioned in the said Lists, the Majority falls.

Ordered, That the Report thereof be made to the House on Friday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day* resolved itself into a Committee of the whole HouSe, to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the Augmenting of the Navy, and Building of some new Ships of War.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon Two Resolutions: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read id his Place; and delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be given to their Majesties for the Building of Ships of War, not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred and Seventy thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Supply, so to be given to their Majesties, be for the Building of Seventeen Third Rate Ships of Eighty Guns apiece, and Ten Fourth Rate Ships bf Sixty Guns apiece, to be added to the Ships, in the Estimate, already provided to be built.

And the said Resolutions being severally read a Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the said Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for Building of Ships.

Vol. X.

Ordered, That the Bill for doubling the additional Supply Bill; Duty of Excise upon Befer, Ale, and other Liquors, to Excise, begin from the Time the Act for doubling the Duty of Excise for one Year doth expire, be read a Second time on Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 26* dieDecembris;

2° Gulieltni et Manse.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords by Sir Regard London

and Sir James Astry; Orphans.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to put this House in mind of a Bill, some time since sent down to this House, intituled, An Act for erecting a Court of Inquiry for the Relief the distressed Orphans of the City of London.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of to enable Thomas Earl of Ailesbury, and Countess Ailesbury’*

of Ailesbury his Wife, to make Provision for Payment of L,tate' Debts, and to make Leases of their Estates, was read the Secoqd time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Guyn,

Mr Dolben, SitWm. Whitlock, Sir Tho. Haslerigg, Major Perry, Sir Rog. Puleston, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Sain,

Dashwood, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. England, Mr.

Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Boioyer, Mr.. Arnold,

Major Vincent, Mf. Price, Mr. Blmvfeild, Mr. Christie,

Sir Wm. Poultney, Mr. Brei'eton, Mr. Greenfeild, Mr.

Parker, Mr. Fleming, Sir Hen. Gosse, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Biddolph, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Jeroas E Sir JVm. Honey-wood, Sir Fran.Massam, Mr. Brownlence, Sir Rob. Dash-

wood, Mr. Backxvcll, Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir Tho. Clarges,

Sir Baxill Firebrasse, Lord Elan, Sir Sir JVm.

Pritchard, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Cary, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Bedford, Somerset, and Wilts: Arid, they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Then the Counsel upon the Bill for charging the Estate Prideaux’* of the late Lord Jeffryes, in Leicestershire, with the Sum £1"?} of Fourteen thousand Seven hundred Sixty Pounds, and r r>6*‘ Interest, to Edm. Prideaux, Esquire, were called.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, were read once throughout:

But the Counsel for the Petitioners not attending;

The other Counsel withdrew.

And then Mr. Guyn reported to the House, the Evidence that was taken by the Committee upon the Examination of the Matter of the Bill: And then delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That Mrs. Slaughter said, That Mr. Prideaux was taken into Custody by a Messenger; and often told her,

That he did not know his Crime.

That, afterwards, she saw him in the Torcer: Who told her, That he desired to be heard, in order to his Ootriing out: That he several times petitioned to be heard; but it would not be granted.

That it was a longtime before she could be.permitted to see him: That she, and Madam Prideaux, went io Mr. Jennings, that he might be inlarged: Who niade1 them fair Promises.

That Mr. Bulstrode said, That the Lady Tooktr, arid Mrs. Prideaux, made Application to him to assist them:

Who made Application to a Nobietnfctal: But he was told,

That the Lord Chancellor had obstructed it. Afterwards,

6 R he

Prideaux’* Claim on Lord Jeffry*.

5 26 a6° Decembris. A. 1690.

he applied to the Lord Sunderland: But my Lord told him, He must apply himself to the Lard Chancellor; for that the King liad given it. to him: That afterwards, he applied to the Lord Chancellor; and was told by him, That Mr. Prideaux was a most notorious Viliam, and de-

served to be hanged; and that he would hear no more of him upon no Account.

That he heard a certain Person say, That Goodenough said, That he had heard, that the Duke of Monmouth had not taken the Title of King upon him, but upon Mr. deaux' Advice: That the Lord Sunderland, or his Clerk, was present: He told my Lord Sunderland, That he believed all the resl the less, for This; That it was a Lye.

That somebody said, That young Dare did say, That he saw Mr. Prideaux Name in his Father’s Book; to have given the Duke of Monmouth Five hundred Pounds.-

That Mr. Key said, That, after the Fight in the West, he applied himself to Sir Roger Le his own Pardon:

Who undertook it; and promised to speak to the King: And that he applied himself several times to the Lord Chancellor: Who at last told him, That if he could get Bail, and enter himself into the Circuit Pardon .....: That the Lord Chancellor sent him to Judge Wright, to give his Bail: That, afterwards, he went into the Country; and, about Three Weeks after, he had a Letter from Mr. Cterke, That he was commanded by the Lord Chancellor, to send for this Informant to London; but that it would not be to his Prejudice, but great Advantage; and wished him to come with all Speed: That, about Two Days afterwards, he came for London; and after he had been in Town Two or Three Days, he went to Mr. Clerke to know, Why he was sent for: Who asked this Informant, Whether he was at Mr. Prids when the Duke of Monmouth was in the West; and bid him come to him again in Two nr Three Days time, to be examined about it: That, about Three or Four Days after, Clerk sent for him by a Messenger; and, when this Informant came to him, he told him, That he must go along with him.

That he went into Lincolns Inn Fields to Mr. Jennings'; and, when he came, Mr. Loader, Mr. Clerke, Mr.

nings, Mr. Parry, Mr. Burton, and another was there: And -they asked him, Whether he knew one Tiggins: And he told them, He did not: Then they told him, That Tiggins was in Custody; and had sworn against him; and that Wm. Way had also sworn against him: But that he had since inquired of Wm. Way: Who said, He knew nothing of it

That they asked him. Why he went to Mr. Prideaux's: He said, He was desired to go by Mr. Prideaux's Friends, to see that they did not rifle the House: -And they asked, Whether Mr. Prideaux did not begin the Duke of Monmouth's Health: He denied it; -and said, That, to his Knowledge, it was not drank there: But they would not admit of that; but would have him swear positively, Whether the Health was drank or not.

That Mr. Burton took out a Petition, out of his Pocket, pretending it to be a Pardon.; and bid him tell what he knew against Mr. Prideaux, and the King would be kind to him.

That, on Wednesday, he went to Mr. Clerke: Who told him, That he had Orders from the Lord Chancellor, to strike him out of the Pardon; for that his Information about Mr. Prideaux, would not do.

That, on Wednesday in the Afternoon, the Informant was taken up.

That Mr. Rickman said, That he heard, that Mr. Prideaux would send the Duke of Monmouth One hundred Guineas; that he was told so by one Gould: But said, That he knew nothing of it

Thom. Dat'd junior said, That the Day that the Duke of Monmouth landed, or the Day after his Father was shot, he was taken Prisoner, and carried to the Duke of Albemarle; and then carried to Dorchester to be tried: That the Lord Chancellor sent for him to his Chamber; and asked him, Whether he knew Mr. Prideaux after the Duke landed; Who answered, No; nor never was there

24

but once: He asked him, What about some Monies sent to the Duke.

That he was examined by Grahme and Burton, when he was in Newgate.

That Two Papers were brought to him, one by Burton, the other by Grahme-: That Burton told him, He Should be hanged, if he'would not be a Witness against Prideaux.

That he put his Hand to one of the Papers, without reading the same; and to the other he put T. D.; and was threatened to be hanged, if he would not sign them.

That he was to be arraigned for his Life; he held up his Hand: But the Lord Chancellor ordered him to be brought before him: And, when he came to the Lord Chancellor, he told him, If he would swear against. Mr. Prideaux, he Should have his Pardon; and he would order a Habeas Corpus to remove him to London; and that he would get him a Commission; being very young.

Mr. Standrike said, That, within a Fortnight after he

had, given in Bail, he had a Letter from Mr. Clerke, to come to London: Which he did forthwith; and Went with Mr. Clerke to the Flower de Lewis.

That afterwards Mr. B«r/ow, and Mr. Jfy/e*,a Messenger, came to him; and Eyles seized him, and carried him to Auditor Done's; and Mr. Burton took out a Paper, being a Petition from several, That he Should be struck out of the Pardon: Then he asked him, Whether he was at Mrs. Prideaux's: Who said. He was there to search for Arms and Horses: But Mr. Prideaux sent away the Horses.

That Burton asked, Whether Mr. Prideaux did not drink the Duke’s Health: The Informant told him, Not to his Knowledge: But Burton told him, He must expect no Favour, if he would not testify those Things as others did; but Should certainly die: Which was, That Mr. Prideaux had sent Arms and Horses to the Duke of Monmouth.

That he was brought before Sir Roger Lest range: Who told the Informant,.He was sorry he Should be so hardly used; the King did not desire Witnesses Should be so threatened.

Madam Prideaux said, That she was sent by Mr. Jennings' Order, and was not suffered to speak to Mr. Prideaux, till she had agreed for the Payment.

That Mr. Jennings sent to her to tell her, That if she did not come and make an End about it, that her Husband's Name would be struck out of the Pardon.

The Message was carried by one Jenkins; which was about a Month after she had been with Mr. Jennings.

Mrs. Slaughter said, That she made Application to the Lord Tyrconnell: Who said, Nothing could be done therein; for he was given to the Lord Chancellor.

That they were with Mr. Jennings several times: Who said, That Mr. Prideaux's Father had left him Sixty thousand Pounds; and that he might well give Thirty thousand Pounds for his Life: That there was a fine Seat in Dorsetshire, and the rest they might give in Money.

That they proffered a Sum of Money: But he said, It was inconsiderable; he would not speak under Ten thousand Pounds: And that she heard the Lady Tucker say, That Mr. Jennings demanded Five hundred Pounds for his Service: And that my Lady did promise him a Gratuity, if he did it for a reasonable Sum.

That Mr. Prideaux did say. That, were it not for his Lady, he would stand or fall.

Mrs. Prideaux. . , That she could hardly persuade her Husband to pay the Money; but he would stand Test.

Mr. Dashwood said, That he was present when the Money was paid, and Securities given.

That the Lady Tucker came to Sir Dashwood for Fifteen thousand Pounds; which must be paid the next Day, else Mr. Prideaux would be put out of the Pardon.

That the Money was paid to get Mr. Prideaux's Life and Liberty.

That he could hardly get into the Tower after, the Money was paid.

That be heard Mr. Jennings say, That the Lady

Tucker,

iy

a W. & M. 26° Decetnbris. 527

Tucker, had not dealt well with him, in not gratifying mant, and desired him to make an Offer of Fifteen thou-him, as he deserved, for getting the Pardon. sand Pounds for a Pardon: The which he did: And the

Mr. Carpenter said, That the Leicestershire Estate (as Lord Chancellor accepted the same: But that, notwith-informed) was bought by the Lord Chancellor of the standing the Lady Tucker and Mrs. many

Duke of Albemarle, about 1686, for Thirty-four thousand Acknowledgments of his Kindness, he never received, Pounds; the Value of the Estate being One thousand nor desired any Gratuity for the same.

Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds per Annum; and a That some of Mr. Friends proposed, That,

Fine was passed about Michaelmas 1687.. whereas Two thousand Pounds of the Fifteen thousand

Sir Robert Clayton said, That he received Fourteen Pounds was to belaid in Two Years time, That, if the thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds about the Interest might be deducted for the Two thousand Pounds, Thirteenth Mar. for the Use of the Lord Chancellor: the rest of the Money Should be paid down: That he

And that he did dispose thereof to the Lord Chancellor’s believes thte Sum of Fourteen thousand Seven hundred Use: And that the Purchase was made in November. and Sixty Pounds was accordingly paid to the Lord Mr. Jenkins said, That, in September 1685, he received Chancellor, or his Use. some Letters from the Lady Churchill, whereby she de- That Sam. Storey said. That Mr. Dare, who was killed sired the Informant to use his Endeavours to know the at Lyme, told this Informant, That he had been at Mr. Accusers and Accusation of Mr. Prideaur; and to apply House that Day, being, as believes, the Day

to the Lords Hunsdon and Middleton: and that Mrs. of his Death: This Informant asked him. Where he had

Prideaux would shortly be in Town: Which when she was, the Informant went to her; and, at hers and the Lady Tucker's Request, the Informant made use of his Endeavours for the Purposes aforesaid: That afterwards lie applied himself to Air. Jennings; and, after a considerable time, being denied by him to undertake it, he, at length, prevailed on him to suffer the Lady and Airs. Prideaux to come to his House; where they made the same Application to him, and earnestly intreated Mr. Jennings to assist them in do . any Kindness for Air. Prideaux: Who then again declined: But being importuned several times afterwards, they still declared Mr. Prideaux’s Innocence: But, fearing lest young Dare at Taunton might be prevailed to be an Evidence against him, they desired to know his Accusation: But Air. Jennings declared, He knew neither his Crime or ^Accusers.

That, several Times after, they went to Mr.;

and once the Lady Tucker offered him Five hundred Pounds for himself, without any Encouragement from him so to do: But, oh the contrary, they insisting upon Air. Prideaux & Innocence; he told them several Times, That he then had best to acquit himself by Trial; and refused to accept the said Promise to procure a Pardon; but told them, He would serve them in the Capacity of a Lawyer, but otherwise not: And the Informant afterwards often pressed Air. Jennings, at their Request, about getting the Pardon; but he denied it.

That, hearing of a Proclamation for a Pardon, he told Air. Jenn’mgs, That if Mr. Prideaux did not get a Pardon before that time, he would be excepted: And that he went to Hackney to the Lady Tucker, about Three Weeks after she had been with Air. Jennings, by his Direction; to acquaint her, That he was of the same Opinion with the Informant in relation to the said Pardon.

Thait, after the Pardon passed, the Informant asked Air. Jennings, Whether he Should not speak to Mrs. Prideaur about his Gratuity: But he would not permit him so to do; saying, He did not expect any.

That the Reason why they applied to Mr. Jennings was, by reason he was in great Favour with the Lord Chancellor.

That the Lady Tucker and Airs. Prideaux did offer Ten thousand Pounds to Air. for a Pardon,

and Five hundred Pounds for himself: But he told them, He had mentioned the Matter to his Friend, who, as believes he meant, was the Lord Chancellor; but could not procure it; and therefore desired them to apply elsewhere: Which they told him they had done: And hath heard the Lady Tucker say, Mr. Jennings behaved himself very generously: And that he had no Money, but refused any Gratuity. /

That Air. Jennings said the same with Jenkins; and that when, by the Lady Tucker and Airs. s

Request, he made an offer of Ten thousand Pounds to the Lord Chancellor which his Lordship refused to accept, saying, He that time had great Expectations from the Crown; and this would be a Bar to him, if he accepted thereof.

That the Lady Tuck&' came afterwards to the Infor-VouX.

those Horses which came in with him that Morning: He said, He had several of them from Mr. Prideaux' House; and that the grey Horse which he then rode, was the Horse Air. Prideaux used to make use of himself: And that Dare said, That Air. Prideaux told him. That the grey Horse was not good enough to present to the Duke of Monmouth; and that therefore he had given it Air. Dare: That he was several times told by the Lord Chan-. cellor, That, if he would testify against Mr. Prideaux, it Should be the better for him.

That the said Lord Chancellor did ask him several Questions about Air. Prideaux, and particularly about the grey Horse given to Mr. Dare.

That Dare told him, He was very kindly entertained by Air. Prideaux, and believed there would be a very considerable Sum sent by Mr. Prideaux, vis. about' One thousand Pounds.

That, when he was at Ta, he asked Mr. Nel-thorp and Mr. Hayes, in a jocular Way, What was become of Air. Prideaur Thousand Pounds.: One of them answered, That Five hundred Pounds was already come; and that the rest would come, and a larger Sum.

That he was near TW’o Alonths a Prisoner in Dorchester Gaol; and had been sent for once or twice to the Lord Chancellor’s Chamber.

That Air. Filmer said, That he was desired to speak to Air. Jennings on Behalf of Air. Prideaux, to endeavour to expedite his Pardon, and to tell him there would be a Gratuity for him: But that Mr. Jennings said, He did not desire any.

Mr. Key said, That he was at Air. House

about the Time the Duke of Monmouth landed; when he was desired to go with the Soldiers; And he was the First that entered the House, being about Eight or Nine a Clock at Night: And Mr. Prideaux asked him, What his Business was there so late; that he little thought to have seen him at that Time of Night: That the Informant begged his Pardon; and told him, He was desired to come with the Soldiers to search for Arms: That about Twenty Soldiers were in the House: That, when they came in, the Servants were at Supper; and that there was none there besides his own Family, besides one Alan, viz. one Malachi Mattock, who was drunk: The Soldiers were the Duke of Monmouths: To whom Air. Prideaux said, That seme Soldiers had been there before them to search for Arms; but found none: But these found some, and carried them away, as also some Coach Horses, which Aladam Prideaux desired they would not carry away.

And then the House being informed, That Counsel for all Parties attended;

And the Question being put, That the Counsel be called in;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, cZrtfe. }103-

Tellers for the Noes,^.Nwk ' } 94-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And

Prideaux’* Claim on LordJeffrye*.

5^8

26° — 2j° Decmbris.

A. 1690.

Commissioners of Accompts.

And the Counsel were hailed in accordingly.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners against the said Bill desiring to examine some further Witnesses, than were examined before the Committee to whom the Bill was committed;

The Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

And the Question being put, That the House do now hear the Petitioners Witnesses;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, hear the Petitioners farther Witnesses, and also their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, touching the said Bill.

Mr. Papillion reports from the Committee to whom It was -referred to view the Lists of the Persons Names, given in to be Commissioners in the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners' forv taking the publick Accompts, That the Nine Persons, upon whom the Majority fell, were as follows; viz.

Sir Robert Rich 211

Sir Thom. Clarges - 178

Mr. Paul Foley 178

Colonel Robert Austen - 129

Sir Math. Andrewcs - - . - 119

Sir Benj.New land 118

Sir Sam.Bcrnardiston - - 104

Sir Peter Colliton

Robert Harley, Esquire - 90

And Sir Thom. Clarges desiring, by reason of his Age and Infirmities, to be excused from being a Commissioner;

And the Question being put, That Sir Thom. Clarges be excused;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Nemine contr That the said Names be inserted to the said Bill, as Commissioners.

Then the said Bill, ingrossed, was read the Third time.

And an ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider; That nothing in the said Act Should be construed to hinder the Commissioners from taking and requiring an Accompt upon Oath, from the respective Officers, of all the Pensions, Salaries, and Sums of Money, paid or payable to Members of Parliament, out of the Revenue, or otherwise: Which was thrice read; and agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick Accompts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir IVm. Whitlock do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill; A Bill for doubling the additional Duty of Excise Excue. upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, to begin from the Time the Act for doubling the Duty of Excise for One Year doth expire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ways and Means.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for Building of Ships.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Moniing

Excite. at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a, Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill for doubling the additional Duties of Excise.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till.Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2?* die Decembns; a* Gulielmi et Mariee.

P R a t e n s.

A BILL to enable Henry Mildm Esquire, to sell Mildmay’e Lands for Payment of Debts, was read the Second Estate.

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm.

Wogan, Mr. Christie, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Thomhaugh, Sir Jerv. Elxves, Mr. Price, Major Vincent, Lawson,

Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Harcourt, Sir John Guise, Mr. Holben, Lord Commissioner Hutchins,

Mr. Bouyer, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Sam. Bemadiston, Mr. '

Burdet, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Foley, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of,

and Middlesex: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send- for Persons, Papers, and Records: And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That they report specially to this House,

How they find the Matter upon the Bill.

Major Vincent reports from the Committee appointed Trade with to prepare and bring in a Bill for the more effectual put- Franca, ting in Execution the Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, That they had prepared a Bill accordingly: Which he presented to the House: And the same w, as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Guise reports from the Committee to whom Raising was referred to hear and examine the Proposals of Per- Revenue by civa/l Brunskil, Gentleman, for raising the Revenue of the 1 ‘ues, &c‘

Crown by Fines and Forfeitures, and Disposition of Offices, That the Committee had heard and examined the same accordingly; and conceive, that the Laws are defective to prevent the Sale of Offices; and that they had agreed upon several Resolutions: -Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolutions That the House be moved to- give Leave to bring in a respecting Bill -for the Hindrance of the Sale of Offices for the Sale °*ffuture. fices, Arc.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved to give Leave to bring in a Bill to ascertain the Fees of Attornies, Solicitors, Clerks, and Officers, in all Courts of Law and Equity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved to give Leave to bring in a Bill, That their Majesties shall have the First Year’s Profits of all Offices as they become void by Death or Removal, payable in Two Years.

And that the Committee had directed, That Mr.

BrunskelTs Case be mentioned, and reported to the House, as-left Out hi the Order, and laid before them.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Ordered, That Leave-be given to bring in a Bill for the Hindrance of the Sale of Offices for the future.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; and several Amendments being proposed to be made thereunto; viz.by adding, before " Attornies," " Counsellors

at Law;" and, after " Equity," by adding, " and of all Advocates-and Proctors in all Ecclesiastical and Civil Law Courts;" the same were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill 'te ascertain the Fees of Counsellors at Law, Attornies, Solicitors, Clerks, and Officers in all Courts of Law and Equity, and of all Advocates and Proctors in all Ecclesiastical and Civil Law Courts.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the said Resolution be taken into Consideration upon This-day-fortnight.

A Motion

2 W. & M. 270 — 290 Decembris.

529

Irish and French Protestants.

Determining

Elections.

Raising

Militia.

Ways and Means.

A Motion being made, for the Relief of the poor Irish' and French Protestants;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, take into Consideration the said Motion.

Mr. Price reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for the speedier determining Elections to serve in Parliament, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout.

And the First of the said Amendments being read a Second time; the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the Second Amendment being read a Second time; it being to leave out all from " that" in Line 12, to the First " the," in Line 15; and, instead thereof, to insert " from and after the Determination of this present Parliament, all Double Returns, and other Matters relating to Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, shall be heard and determined at the Bar of the House of Commons, before they proceed upon any other Business then;" -

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Te,eWf6rtheYeas,{|S^r ' ' }*«

Tellers for the Noes,} 93.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the rest of the Amendments being read a Second time; the same Were, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Proviso was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That if, at any time during the Sitting of Parliament, any Member of this House shall, without Leave, w ithdraw or absent himself from his Service, for the Space of , he shall be disabled from sitting again in that Parliament; and a new Writ shall issue forth to choose another Member in his place.

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

.The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{|l [ G} T08.

Teller, for the Noes, , }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom the next Year, although the Month’s Pay formerly advanced and paid be not yet repaid, was committed to, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Then the House, according to' the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the Building of Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chai»of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

Vol. X.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Five hundred and Seventy thousand Pounds, to be given to their Majesties for Building of Ships, be raised by the additional Dutias of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, mentioned in an Act of the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, "An Act for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors," from and after the Time that the State* General of the United Provinces shall be paid the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, mentioned in an Act, intituled, "An Act for appropriating certain Duties for paying the States General of the United Provinces their Charges for his Majesty's Expedition into this Kingdom, and for other Uses;" and by doubling the said additional Duty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time; the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That an Enacting Clause or Clauses be prepared and brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And it is recommended to Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Thomas Clarges, and the Commissioners of the Customs, who are Members of the House, to prepare and bring in the same.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do, upon Monday Morning next, bring into this House an Accompt, What the additional Duties of Excise have produced neat, since the same were granted.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do, upon Monday Morning next, bring into this House an Accompt, What the Customs appropriated to pay the States General of the United Provinces the Six hundred thousand Pounds for their Charges for his Majesties Expedition into this Kingdom, have produced, since the same were granted.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Lima, 29* die Dec

2° Gulielmi et Marire.

Prayers.

ABILL for the more effectual putting in Execution Trade with the Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce France, with France, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Major Vincent,

Sir John Bancks, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Pritchard, Sir

John Guise, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Arnold, Sir Orl. Gee, Mr.

Waller, Mr. Cary, Mr. Bridges, Sir Wilfred Lord Marquis Winchester, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Gu Colonel Beaumont, Mr. England, Captain Pitt, Mr.

Kenyon, Sir Jerv. Elwes, Sir Rob. Dashuood, Mr. Parker,

Serjeant Wogan, Sir Math. Andrews, Major Sir

Cha. Keymish, Mr. Blmifcild, Mr. Greenfcild, Mr. Tre-laxony, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Reignolds, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr.

Roberts, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Scoble, Sir Bour. Wray, and all the Members that serve for the City of London, and Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power, and do consider of an effectual Way for the prohibiting the Importation of all French Brandy.

Ordered, That no private Business be proceeded upon Priority of after Ten of the Clock, until the Bills for their Majesties Supply Hills Supplies be finished. Business*

A Bill for the settling of the African Trade, was read African the First time. Company.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hai'couri reports from the Committee to w'hoin Raising the Bill for raising the Militia for the next Year, although Militia, the Month’s Pay formerly advanced and paid is not yet

6 S repaid

r

53°

29° Decemb

A \t6$o.

repaid, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill, and several Clauses to be added thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendments and Clauses were once read throughout: And then the said Amendments being read a Second time, one by one; they were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then Clause A being read a Second time, being for to enable the respective Lieutenants, or their Deputies, to nominate and appoint any fit and able Person to serve as a Horse or Foot Soldier for such Persons as are rated and chargeable so to do, but are not able to procure Persons to serve as aforesaid, at the Rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence for a Horseman, and One Shilling for a Foot Soldier, the Person so charged paying the same;

And the Question being put,!hat the House do agree with the Committee therein;

It passed in the Negative.

Then Clause B being read a Second time, after an Amendment proposed and agreed unto by the House (the said Clause being, That the Officers and Soldiers of the Militia shall pay no greater or other Rates in their Quarters for their Diet, Small Beer, Hay and Straw, than the Officers and Soldiers of their Majesties Army are to pay by one Act of this present Sessions made for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who Should mutiny and desert their Majesties Service; and for punishing false Musters);

The Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Clause so amended;

It passed in the Negative.

Then Clause C being read a Second time, after an Amendment proposed and agreed unto by the House (the said Clause being to acquit and indemnify such Lieutenants, or their Deputies, who have, during the Invasion, by their Majesties Orders,' raised and levied any Sum for the Soldiers Pay, or have continued the same in actual Service for any longer time than by the several Statutes in that Case made is allowed);

The Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Clause so amended;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all Persons who have taken the Oaths to their Majesties, might arm themselves in Cases of Invasion and Insurrection:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for the discouraging the Distilling of Brandy pd Brandy and Spirits from Com, and for laying several w Wines j)utjes on Low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made in the Bill, in Press 6, Line 9, by leaving out " above-mentioned, and other Duties of Excise^’ and, ’instead thereof, inserting, " and being subject to all Fines and Penalties, as other Distillers are;" the same were, upon the -Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended accordingly.

Then an ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider; That the Duty of Eight-pence per Gallon imposed by this Act shall not take Effect before the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1691; but that the same, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March, shall be charged with the Duty of per Gallon, and no more.

Resolved, That the Clause be read.

The Clause was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; Aqd that the Title

be, An Act for the encouraging the Distilling of Brandy and Spirits from Corn, and for laying several Duties on Low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Solicitor General, according to Order, presented to the House Enacting Clauses for the Building of Ships.

And the same were twice read.

Resolved, That the said Clauses be committed to'tho Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for doubling the additional Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, to begin from the Time that the Act for doubling the Duty of Excise for One Year doth expire, is committed.

Then a Clause was offered to be added to the said Bill, That no Brewer or Retailer shall raise the Price of the Drink, or lessen their Measures, for or by reason of the doubling the Duty of Excise, upon Pain to forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of; one Moiety to

the Poor, and the other to the Informer:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Clause was ordered, for Victuallers and Retailers to be at Liberty to brew the Beer and Ale to be uttered and sold by them, without being subject to the Penalty of One hundred Pounds in the Act for doubling the Excise.

And the same was twice read.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to the same Committee of the whole House.

Then Sir Hen. Ashurst, according to Order, presented to the House an Accompt, What the additional Duties of Excise have produced net, since the same were granted, and the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The gross Produce of the additional Excise, at Nine-pence per Barrel, <§’C. from the Twenty-fourth July 1689, at which time the said additional Excise began by Act of Parliament, to Twenty-fourth. July 1690, being One Year, did amount to the Sum of Two hundred Two thousand Eight hundred Twenty-one Pounds and Four pence Halfpeny.

The gross Produce of the said additional..... from said Twenty-fourth July 1690, to the Twenty-fifth Dec. 1690, is not known; because all the 'Accompts are not yet transmitted to the Excise Office, London, from the Country.

Memorandum, It is not yet known, What Part of the said Sum may be lost by Arrears, and bad Debts, which are now in Collection, or in Prosecution.

There hath been actually paid into the Exchequer, for the Use of the Dutch, out of the aforesaid Produce, and out of what the said additional..... hath produced since the '2<f Septembris 1689, to the Tiventy'-fifth of December 1690, the Sum of Two hundred Fifteen thousand Five hundred Sixty-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and One Peny Farthing.

Then Sir Rich. Temple, according to Order, presented to the House an Accompt, w hat the Customs appropriated to pay the States General of the United Provinces the Six hundred thousand Pounds for tliei^ Charges for his Majesty’s Expedition into this Kingdom, have produced, since the same were granted.

And the same was read; and is as followeth;

From Michaelmas 1689, to 1690.

£. s. d. £. s. d. Silk - - - 14,146 6 41] t

Wine - ... 75,621 18 5t > 63,369 9 —

Tobacco - - , 73,601 4 24 J

From Michaelmas 1690, to Christmas following.

Silk - - - 7,596 19 ion

Wine - - 2,679 19 9.3 ( 4i>347*n 4

Tqbacco - - 31,070 11 71J-----

-C-204,717 — 4

Ordered,

t)uty on East India Goods.

Supply Bill; Excise.

trade with franco

Earl of

Ailesbury*

EiUte.

Privilege.

Supply Bill; Excise*

a W. M. 29* — 30° — 3 1® Decembris.

Ordered, That a Clause be brought in, for supplying & defect in the Clauses of‘Credit in the Bills for granting the New Impositions upon East Ifidia Goods, and other Merchandizes, and upon Wines, Vinegar and Tobacco; that distinct Accompts be kept of what the same shall produce.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for doubling the additional Duties of Excise, to begin from the Time that the Act for doubling the Duty of Excise doth expire.

S3*

Mercurii, 31* die Decembris {

2* Gulielmi et Mariae;

Praters.

A PETITION of Narcissus Lutterell was pre- Newport sented to the House, and read; complaining of an Election, undue election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport in the County of Cornwall:

But, by reason the Prayer thereof was conceived to be irregular, the said Petition was, with the Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for the more effectual putting in Execution the Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France is committed, have Power, and do consider of an effectual Way for the prohibiting the Importation of all French Brandy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mortis, 30° die Decembris;

2* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

MR. Bickerstaffe Reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Earl of , and

Khz. Countess of Ailesbury, his Wife, to make provision for Payment of Debts, and to make Leases of their Estates, was committed, That they had agreed to the said Bill, without any Amendments;

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Bicker staffe do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments;

The House being informed, that Morris and

Thomas Rawson had violently assaulted one Geo. Thomas, a Servant of Colonel Webb, a Member of this House, to the endangering his Life, and taken from him a Gun, in Breach of the Privileges of this House; and, at the same time, had spoken very indecent and irreverent Words of their Majesties;

Ordered, That the said Maurice Razcson and Thorn'. Razcson be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the same.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for doubling the additional Duties of Excise, to begin from the Time that the Act for doubling the Duty of Excise doth expire.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had agreed to the said Bill, and to the enacting Clause for the Building of Ships, and to the Clause for Victuallers and Retailers to be at Liberty to brew without being subject to the Penalty of One hundred Pound in the Act for the doubling the Excise, with several Amendments thereunto: And also had agreed to the Clause for supplying a Defect in the Clauses of Credit in the Bills for granting the . new Impositions upon East India Goods, and other Merchandize, and upon Wine, Vinegar, and Tobacco; and that they had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock. you. X.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill for raising the Mi- Raising lita Of this Kingdom for the Year 1691, although the Militia. Month’s Pay formerly advanced be not repaid, be now toad the Third time.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1691, although the Month’s Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of Supply Bill; the whole House, to whom the Bill for doubling the additional Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, to begin from the Time that the Act for doubling the Duty Of Excise doth expire, was committed, That they had agreed to the said Bill, and the several Clauses committed to the said Committee, with several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do lie upon the Table till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill for the speedier De- Determining termining of Questions touching Elections of Members Elections, to serve in Parliament, be now read the Third time.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider; That if any Invasion or Rebellion Should happen, the House might then omit to proceed in the first Place to settle Elections.

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made i.i thd- Bill, in Press 1, Line 33, after " Days," to insert "in which the Parliament shall be actually sitting."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Honge: And the Bill was amended accordingly.

Then a Clause was offered as a Rider; That if any Member Should, after the First of February 16'90, absent himself from the Service of the House Days

together without Leave, or reasonable Cause,* to pay Twenty Shillings for every such Day; to be distributed among the Servants of the House.

And the same w as once read:

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then another Clause was offered as a Rider; That no Person, whose Return or Election is questioned, shall be capable of voting, till the same shall be determined.

And the same w as once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass;

The

Commissioners of Accompts.

Rosseter’s

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

V exatious Saits for acting in De- , fence of the Kingdom.

Lords

reminded of Bill.

Newport

Election.

African

Company.

532 310 Decembris-r-1° — 2° 1690.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

fSir WStrickland,

[Mr. Hen.

'Mr.

[Sir Edm. Jennings,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act for the speedier determining of Questions touching Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Air. Price do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Tellers, for the Yeas,

fA

Tellers, for the Noes,

}119-} 105.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meredith and Dr.

Edisbury;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, sent up from this House, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick Accompts of the Kingdom, without any Amendments:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Rosseter, Esquire, to sell Lands , for Payment of Debts, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Air. Glyn have' Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Resolved, That this House will, To*morrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the preventing vexatious Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service, and in Defence of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of a Bill, some time since sent up from this House, intituled, an Act for attainting Persons in Rebellion in England and Ireland, and for applying their Estates towards the Charge of the present War.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Rich do carry the said Message to the Lords.

Losses: And praying to be heard by thfeir Counsel, at the Bar of this House, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be considered, when the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Afessage from the Lords, by Mr. and Dr.

Edisbury;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- Raising quaint this House, That they have agreed to the Bill, Militia, sent up from this House, intituled, An Act for the raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1691, although the Alonth’s Pay formerly advanced be not repaid, without any Amendments:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the incorpo- York Buildrating the Proprietors of the Waterworks in York Build- *ng» Water ings, and for the encouraging, carrying on, and settling Company, the said Waterworks, without any Amendments.

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill for the Supply Bill; doubling the additional Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, ^xclje* and other Liquors, to begin from the Time that the Act for doubling the Duty of Excise doth expire, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of Vexatious the whole House, to consider of the ingrossed Bill from Suit*for the Lords, intituled, An Act for the preventing vexatious defence*^ Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service in the Kingdom. Defence of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edw. Seymor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edw. Seymor reports from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and agreed upon several Amendments to be made thereunto: Which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Aloming at Eleven a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aforning, Eight of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Eight of the Clock.

Jervis, 1* die Januarii;

2° Gulielmi et Atari®.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Narcissus Lutterell, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected by the Majority of the Electors of the Borough of Nerwport in the County of Cornwall; and an Indenture sealed by Air. Mannaton, a Alember of this House, and one of the ViandeA of the said Borough, and the Majority of the Burgesses: But that, by an Indenture under the Seal of Mr. Harwell, the other Viander, and some others, John Morrice, Esquire, is returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: and praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election and Return for the said Borough of Newport be heard at the Bar of this House this Day Six Weeks.

A Petition of the Royal African Company of England

was read; setting forth, That by a Bill brought in to this House, the Trade to Affrica, which, for Eighteen Years last hath been carried on in a joint Stock, settled by the Invitation and Encouragement of the King and Council, is endeavoured to be put into another Way of managing; and the Petitioners, who have so long hazarded their own Stocks to small Advantage to themselves, in settling and improving that Trade to the Benefit of the Nation, are like to be divested of their Property, and undergo great

Veneris, 2# die Januarii;

2* Gulielmi et Atari®.

Pratihs.

MAJOR Vincent reports from the Committee to Trade with whom the Bill for putting in Execution the Act for l ranee* prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, was committed! That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto'by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Afessage from the Lords, by Sir James Astry and insolvent Mr. Meredeth; . Debtors.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed unto the Bill, sent up from this House, intituled, An Act for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt and Damages, with some Amendments:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

Then the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 4, Line 23, after " him," add " her."

Line’ 24, leave out " orand after " her," add " or themAnd

Add Clause marked X; That, notwithstanding the Discharge of any Prisoner, all Judgments shall stand good 17 in

Lords reminded of a Bill.

London

Orphans.

Vexatious Suits for acting in Defence of the Kingdom.

Address' for Bounty to Volunteer Seamen.

a W. M. i° — 30 Januam.

533

in Law against the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Goods and Chattels of the said Prisoner so discharged.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Granvill do carry the said" Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That a Message be sent' to the Lords; to put them in mind of a Bill, some time since sent from this House, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Distilling of Brandy, and Spirits from Com; and for laying several Duties upon Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction.

Ordered, That Mr. Granville do carry the said Message.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for erecting a Court of Inquiry, in order to the Relief of the distressed Orphans of the City of London, be nowr read the Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUersfor theYea,^.

1 ellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Sir Edw. Seymor reports from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the preventing vexatious buits against such as acted for their Majesties Service in 1 )etence of the Kingdom, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments tobe made unto the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and alterwards, delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w ere once read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press i, Line 4, after "French," insert "the Lords and others of their Majesties tnost honourable Privy Council; and."

Line 16, leave out "all which;" and insert, instead thereof, " that those."

Line 18, leave but " were necessary;" leave out " ought to;" and insert, instead thereof, " may."

Line 19, after " therefore," insert " and."

Line 31, leave out " Molestations;" and insert, instead thereof, "Indictments, Informations;" and, after, "and," insert " all other."

Line 32, leave out from "Premises," to "be," in Line 40.

Then the said Amendments, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House'.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Seymor do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed thereunto, with the said Amendments; and desire their Concurrence to the said Amendments.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address, from this House, be presented to his Majesty, to issue his Royal Proclamation, graciously promising a Bounty for the Encouragement of such Seamen as shall come into the Service of the Fleet: And that his Majesty would be pleased to bestow the like Bounty upon such Seamen as are already come into the said Service.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Vol. X.

Ordered, That the Relief of the poor Irish and French Irish ai

Protestants be taken into Consideration Tomorrow £r*nch Morning. Protestants.

Ordered, That the Lord JVm. do carry the Vexations

Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing vexatious Suits Suits for against such as acted for their Majesties Service in De- DefencTof fence of the Kingdom, with the Amendments, to the the Kingdom Lords; and acquaint them,'That this House hath agreed thereunto, with the said Amendments; and desire their Concurrence to the said Amendments.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 3° die Januarii;

2* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

"D ESO LVED, That the humble Address of this The Chap-» House be renewed to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That he will graciously please to confer upon Mr. Manningham.Chaplain to this House, the next

Prebend of Windsor or Westminster, that shall fall.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual putting in Exe- Trade with cution an Act, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade ?ranc«-and Commerce with France, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made in Press 2, Line 28, to leave out " and, " and insert "or;" the same was, upon the Question' put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual putting in Execution an Act, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France.

Ordered, That Major Vincent do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for doubling the additional Duties Supply Bill; of Excise, was read the Third time. Excise.

Then an ingrossed Clause of Appropriation wras offered, as a Rider; with Blanks, for Sums to be inserted therein.

And the same w>as read the First time.

Resolved, That the First Blank be filled up with Seven hundred thousand Pounds.

And it was so.

Resolved, That the Second Blank be filled up with One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

And it was so.

Then the Question being put, That that Part of the Clause from "otherwise," in Line 25, being for #

* , do stand Part of the Clause;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|^; } 99-

Teller, for the Noes,. } 88.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Blank in Line last be filled up-with " Twentieth Day of March" '

And it was so.

Then the Clause, so amended, was read the Third time.

And a Debate arising in the House touching an Addition to be made to the said Clause, That their Majesties mighf take a Sum of Money out of the Monies arising by the said Bill;

Resolved, That Colonel Austen, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Wm.Leveson Gower, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Jepson, Sir Thom. Littleton, Lord Ranelagh, do immediately withdraw; and prepare

Clause, for that Purpose, to be added to the said appropriating Clause.

And they withdrew accordingly*

And being returned;

6 T Sir

Vexatious Suits for acting in Defence of the Kingdom.

London

Orphans.

Act of

Navigation

respecting

English

Seamen.

Supply Bill; Brandy and Low Wines.

Answer to Address.

534 3* — 5° JanuaA.

Sir TVm. Leceson C >wer reports, That the Persons appointed to prepare thasaid Clause had prepared the same accordingly, with Blanks to be filled up by the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the saute in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the First Blank be filled up with Three hundred thousand Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Blank be filled up with", Five hundred thousand Pounds.

And it was so.

Resolved, That the Second Blank be filled yp with " Four and Twentieth Day of March One thousand Six hundred Ninety-and-one."

And it was so.

-Resolved, That the said Clause be made Part of the 'said Clause of Appropriation.

Resolved\That the said Clause be made Part of the said Bill

Then another Clause was offered, as a Rider; That the said Act Should not hinder any Person from Brewing for the Use of his own private Family, who is a Farmer and Manager of Tillage; provided the said Person do not sell any of the said Beer of Ale, so brewed.

And the same was twice read.

Resolved, That the said Clause he read the Third time.

The Clause was read the Third time.

And then the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the- said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to their Majesties several additional Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for Four Years, from the Time that an Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale,- and other Liquors, during the Space of One Year, doth expire.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Winchester do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir James and Mr. Meredeth;

Mr. Speaker, We arc commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That they have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to a Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing vexatious Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom, without any Alteration.

And also, To put this House in mind of a Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for erecting a Court -of Inquiry, in order to the Relief of the distressed Orphans of the City of London.

And also, That the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for suspending, during the War with France, that Part of the Act of Navigation, and also -that Part of the Act for the Exportation of Corn, which obliges English Ships to sail with English Seamen, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also, That the Lords, have agreed to the Bill, sent up from this House, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Distilling of Brandy, and Spirits from Com, and for laying several Duties on Low Wines, or Spirits, of the first Extraction, without any Amendments.

Mr. Russell acquaints the- House, That he had presented to his Majesty their Address, to issue but his Royal Proclamation, graciously promising a Bounty for the Encouragement of such Seamen as shall come into the Service of the Fleet; and that his Majesty would be pleased to bestow the like Bounty upon such Seamen as are already come into the said Service: And that his Majesty was pleased to answer, That he would take the necessary Care about it.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 5° die Januarii;

2° Gulielmi et Marine.

Pkayers.

RDERED, That Mr. Briggs, the Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, in custody- of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be brought to the Bar, in order to his Discharge.

Arid accordingly he was brought to the Bar: And, upon his humble Submission, and Acknowledgment of his Offence; and having received a Reprimand by Mr. Speaker;

Ordered, That he be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Then the House took into. Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill for suspending, during the War with France, that Part of the Act for the Exportation of Corn, which obliges. English Ships to sail with English Seamen: And the same were read; and are as followeth;

In the Title, for "during the War with France," read " for a limited Time."

l Skin, 15 Line, for "Decembread "January."

18 Line, instead of "during the said "War," read "till the Twenty-ninth Day of Sepanber 1691, if cleared, and go out before the said Time."

19 Line, for " so many," read " Three Parts of."

20 Line, after " Mariners," read " only the Master, Officers, and the other Fourth Part of the Mariners, being Englishmen;"and leave out "as the Masters or Owners of any such Ship or Ships respectively shall think fit to employ."

22 Line, for "all," read "every."

35 Line, leave out froin " notwithstanding," to " and, " in the 5th Line, 2 Skin.

3 Skin, 20 Line, after "Com," add "in any such Foreign Ship as shall come freighted with Naval Stores only, impowered thereunto by the Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouraging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation, or."

22 Line, before "during," read " according to and;" and leave out " according to the other Directions of the said Act."

At the End of the Bill, add the Provisoes marked A, B, C.

' (A) And whereas, Jay the Act of Navigation, Rosin and Turpentine are prohibited from being imported into this Nation from any other Parts beyond the Seas, except France: And whereas, at this present, there is a Scarcity thereof in this Nation; so that, without a speedy Importation, their Majesties Navy cannot be supplied: Be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any of their Majesties Subjects, in English Bottoms, to import the said Commodities from Holland, or any other Parts, except France, until the said Twenty-ninth Day of September; any thing in the said Act, or any other Act, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

(B) And whereas there is no sufficient Discouragement nor Penalty upon such as knowingly conceal, rescue, or hide Seamen: Be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person as shall knowingly conceal, hide, or rescue, from being employed in their Majesties Service, any Seaman, shall forfeit Ten Pounds; One Third Part thereof to the Informer; One other Third Part to the Poor of the Parish; and the other Third Part to be paid into the Chest at Chatham: And, for want of sufficient Distress, the Party offending, to be sent, by any one Justice of the Peace, to the House of Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for Three Months.

(C) Provided always, and be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful at any time before the Tenth Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-one, to import any Naval Commodities in any

Foreign-

Privilege-re! son discharged from custody.

Act of

Navigation

respecting

English

Seamen.

2 W. & M.

5® Januarii.

535

desired with Lords.

Foreign-built Shipping, although such Commodities be not of the Growth of that Country where such Ship was built, and although the Master and Three Fourths of the Mariners be not of that Country, and although such Commodities be not shipped or brought from the Place or Places, Country or Countries, of the said Growth, Production or Manufacture, or from those Ports where the said Goods and Commodities can only, or are, or usually have been first shipped for Transportation.

And the said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then Clause A was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then Clause B was thnce read.

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Clause.

It passed in the Negative.

Then Clause C was thrtce read.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Clause.

Conference Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the

Lords, upon the said Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill. v

Ordered That Mr. Harcotirt do go to the Lords; and desire the said Conference.

Trade with A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Fiance. Mr. Keck;

Mr. Speaker, The" Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual putting in Execution an Act, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Tfade and Commerce with France, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Amendment being read, it was as fbl-loweth;

2 Press, Line 4, after " by," add " or."

Which being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. '

Ordered, That Major Vincent do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Conference Mr. Harcourt reports, That the Lords do agree to a with Lords. Conference, as was desired; and do appoint a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Jos. Williamson, Sir Chr. Musgraoe, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Pelham, Lord Commissioner Hutchins, Sir Cha. Littleton, Sir Rob. Cotton, Colonel Birch, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir R. Temple, Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Rob. Howard, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference accordingly: And being returned;

Mr. Hdrcourt reports from the Conference, That the Managers attended the same; and acquainted the Lords, That this House had agreed to all the Amendments and Clauses, except Clause B; and left the Bill and Amendments with the Lords. .

Employment A Bill for setting the Poor on Work, was read the First of the Poor. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Excise. Mr. Keck;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords Have agreed to the Bill, sent up from this House, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several additional Duties of Excise upen Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for Four Years, from the Time that an Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the Space of One Year, doth expire, without any Amendments.

Also, the Lords desire a present Conference, in the Vo L. X.

Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Lords desire Conference. ' -^Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree fe a present Conference with the Lords, as they desire.

And the Messengers being called in againMr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference accord-

ingly: And being returned;

Harcourt reports from the Conference, That the Duke ot Bolton managed the same, on Behalf of the Lords; and said, That the Lords doinsist upon the said Clause B.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Clause, by leaving out from " shall," in Line 7, to " Three," in Line last; viz. these Words, " forfeit Ten Pounds; One third Part thereof to the Informer; One other Third Part to the Poor of the Parish; and the other Third Part to be paid into the Chest at Chatham:

And, for want of sufficient Distress, the Parties offending, to be sent, by any one Justice of the Peace, to the House of Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for;" and, instead thereof, to insert these Words, " due Proof thereof being made, upon Oath, before any Justice of the Peace of any County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, suffer Imprisonment, without Bail or Mainprise, for the Space of- ."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put-thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do go to the Lords; and desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

A Petition of Maurice Ramon, and Thomas Ramon, Privilege — in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, Pet,d°n for a Breach of Privilege against Colonel Webb, a Mem- m

ber of this House, was read; whereby they made an humble -Acknowlegement of their Offence; and prayed to be discharged.

Ordered, That they be brought to the Bar, in order to their Discharge.

Aird they were brought to the Bar accordingly: And, having received a Reprimand, upon their Knees, from Mr. Speaker;

Ordered, That the said Maurice Rawson and Thomas Razcson be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees.

Mr. Harcourt reports, That the Lords do agree to a Conference Conference, as is'desired; and do appoint a Conference witl1 Lord*, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And accordingly the Managers went to the Conference: And being returned;

Mr. Harcourt reports from the Conference, That the Managers appointed had acquainted the Lords with the said Amendment made by this House to the said Clause; and had left the Bill and Clause, and Amendment, with the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Lord* desire

Mr. Keck;5 . ‘Conference.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House do agree to a present Conference, as is desired.

And the Messengers being called in again; Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference accordingly: And being returned;

Mr. Dalben reports from the Conference, That the Duke of Bolton managed the same on Behalf of the Lords;

and

4

536 5 Januafii — 31 A% 1691.

and acquainted them, That the Lords do adhere to the said Clause B; Because the Penalty proposed therein, and sent down by the Lords, being distributed to the Informer, Poor of the Parish, and the Chest at it makes it the Interest of all those Parties to discover any Concealments or Harbouring of Seamen, they being all to partake of the Benefit of that Penalty: But the sending of such as conceal or harbour Seamen to Prison only, will make Men less careful in making Discoveries, when they are to receive no Benefit thereby; and may tend rather to fill the Gaols with Prisoners, than the Fleet with Seamen; and, if one Seaman conceal another, the one of them, at least, cannot go to Sea for Three Months.

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to their Amendments made to the said Clause.

Ordered, That Mr. do go to the Lords; and

desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Proceedings touching the said Conference be entered upon the Books.

Royal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Tho. Duppa, t* Bills. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

This King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to attend his Majesty: And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to these several Rills following; viz.

An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the publick Accompts of the Kingdom.

An Act for the Raising of the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year ifipi, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

An Act for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt or Damages.

An Act for preventing vexatious Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom.

An Act for the encouraging the Distilling of Brandy, and Spirits from Corn; and for laying several Duties upon Lowy Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction.

An Act for granting to their Majesties several additional Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for Four Years,- from the Time that an Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the Space of One Year, doth expire.

An Act for the more effectual putting in Execution an Act, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France.

An Act to enable Thomas Earl of and

Countess of Ailesbury, his Wife, to make Provision for Payment of Debts, and to make Leases of their Estates.

An Act for incorporating the Proprietors of the Waterworks in York Buildings and for the encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said Waterworks.

An Act to enable John Rosseter, Esquire, to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts.

An Act for vesting certain Lands, the Estate of Thomas Manxvaireing, Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts.

The King’i And that afterwards, his Majesty was pleased to make Speech. a Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.'

My Lords and Gentlemen,

HAVING lately told you, That it would be necessary for me to go into Holland much about this Time, I am very glad to find, that the Success of your Endeavours to bring this Session to a happy Conclusion, has been such, that I am now at Liberty to do it: And I return you My hearty Thanks for the great Dispatch you have made in . finishing the Supplies you have designed for carrying on the War: Which it shall be My Care to see duly and

23

punctually applied to that Service for which you have given them. And I do likewise think it proper to assure you, That I shall not make any Grant of the forfeited Lands in England or Ireland, till there be another Opportunity of settling that matter in Parliament in such manner as shall be thought-most expedient.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

As I have reason To be very well satisfied with the Proofs you have given me of your good Affection in this Session of Parliament, so I promise Myself the Continuance of the sanie at your Return into your several Countries: And as every Day produces still fresh Instances of the Restlessness of our Enemies both at Home and Abroad, in designing against the Prosperity of this Nation and the Government established; so I do not doubt but that the Union and good Correspondence between Me and My Parliament, and My earnest and constant Endeavours for your Preservation on the one hand, joined with the Contiifhance of your Zeal and Affection to support me on the other, will, by the Blessing of God, be at all times too strong for the utmost Malice and Contrivance of our common Enemies,

And that, afterwards, the Lord Chief Baron of the Court Adjourn-of Exchequer declared to both Houses, That it was his rnent- Majesty's Pleasure, That both Houses Should adjourn themselves until the One-and-thirtieth Day of March next ensuing; and that if his Majesty Should think fit, That the Parliament Should then sit to do Business, his Majesty would give notice thereof by his Royal Proclamation.

Resolved, That this House do now adjourn until the One-and-thirtieth Day of March next ensuing.

And accordingly the House did adjourn until the One-and-thirtieth Day of March next ensuing.

Martis, 31* die M

2" Gulielmi cl Maria1..

Prayers.’

COMPLAINT being made to tl e Hou-e, ‘'bat one Henry Jlure, as Plaintiff, and Arm-

strongs and Williams, as Bailiffs, bad avested one Tristram Drummond, a menial Servant to Guy,

Esquire, a Member of this House’, and carried him to Prison, where-be is still detained; notwithstanding the y were informed ha was the said Mr. Guys Servant, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Henry Moore be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending' this House, to answer the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That the said Win. A’and # Williams, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go to the Prison where the said Tristram Drummond is; and demand his Discharge out of Prison.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Ailesbury Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new7 Writ for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ailesbury in the County of Bucks, in the room of Sir Thomas Lee, Baronet, deceased.

r

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to Tiverton the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tiverton in the County of Devon, in the room of Samucll Foot, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of Tho.Hanmorcand Wm. Goner, Esquires, Ludlow was read; setting forth, That, on the Fourteenth January Election, last, the Petitioners were duly elected lor the Town of Ludlow in the County of Salop ;yet notwithstanding, the

Bailiffs have made a Return of Colonel Titus, and Fran.

Lloyd, Esquire, contrary to the Right of the said Elect ion:

And

3 W:&f M. 31° MartiL — a8* jiprilis — 260 . 537

and praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

HinfonWrit. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do grant his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of H'mdon in the County of , in the room of Thomas Chaffin, Esquire, deceased.

Adjourn- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquaints the House,

menu That he was commanded by her Majesty to signify her

Pleasure to the House, That both Houses Should adjourn themselves to the Twenty-eighth Day of April now next ensuing.

And accordingly the House adjourned until Tuesday the Twenty-eighth Day of April now next ensuing, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Mart is, 28* die Aprilis;

3® Gulielmi et Mariae.

Stockbridge '/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Writ. vx to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ

for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Southarnpton, in the room of Esquire,

deceased.

Ailesbury A Petition of James Herbert, Esquire, was read; set-flection. ting forth, That on the Sixth Instant the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess for the Town of Ailesbury, in the County of Bucks, by the Majority of the qualified Voters; yet the Constables of the Place, who are the proper Officers to return Precepts, after many undue Practices, have returned Mr. Syman Mayne contrary to Right: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Melcom Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Htgis Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Melcom Regis in the County of Dorsctt, in the room of Nicholas Gould, Esquire, deceased.

privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That John Tovy, Sam. Tovy, and Ralph Browning, had assaulted, wounded, and evilly intreated George Hawkins, a menial Servant of Sir JVm. TVhillock, knowing him to be such, in

Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said John Tovy, Samuell Tovy and Ralph Broxcning, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the said Breach of Privilege.

Privilege — Several Petitions of Henry Moore, John Lawrence, Persons in and JVm.Armstrong, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms

Custody attending this House, upon a Complaint of a Breach of

discfl&rded* o jt

Privilege committed against Henry Guy, Esquire, a Member- of this House, were read; thereby making their humble Acknowledgment of their Offences; and praying to be discharged.

Ordered, That they be brought to the Bar of tills House, in order to their Discharge.

And they were brought to the Bar accordingly: Where they received a Reprimand from Mf. Speaker upon their Knees.

Ordered, That the . said Hen. Moore, John Lawrence, Vox.. X.

and JVm. Armstrong, be discharged out of Custody,

paying their Fees.

A Complaint being made to the House, That one Broad- Privilege in a water, a Bailiff of the Marshalsea, had arrested Cha. Suit "gainst Godolphin, Esquire, a Member of this House, instead of a Metnb*r‘ another Person named in the Writ, at the Suit of one Samuell White, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Samuell White, and Broadwater, be summoned by the Serjeant at Arms to attend this House at their next Sitting, to answer the said Breach of Privilege.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Samuell Ditto. Hughes, and William Philipps, Esquires, -rough, an Attorney at Law, and Francis Meare, had, by a Prosecution at Law in the last great Sessions for the County of Pembrooke, endeavoured to turn Richard Viscount Bulkly of the Kingdom of Ireland, a Member of this House, out of Possession of Part of his Estate;

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Speaker to examine the said Matter: And that the said Persons do attend him in order thereunto: And that he do report the same, with his Opinion therein, to the House, at the next Sitting of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write a Letter to the Prothonotary, That he do not make out, and to the Sheriff of the County of Pembrooke, That he do not execute, any Writ, whereby the Lord Bulklyes Possession may be disturbed, until Mr. Speaker shall have examined and reported the Matters to the House; and this House take further Order therein.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquaints the House, Adjourn. That his Majesty had thought fit that the Parliament menu Should be adjourned for a Month longer: And that therefore it was his Majesty’s Desire, That this House would adjourn itself until Tuesday the Six-and-twentieth Day of

May next.

And accordingly the House did adjourn until Tuesday the Twenty-sixth Day of May next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Martis, 26°die Maii;

3° Gulielmi et Marine.

A PETITION of Anthony Row, Esquire, was Stockbridge read; setting forth, That he being duly elected Electl0B* a Burgess for the Borough of Stockbridge; yet nevertheless the Bailiff hath returned Thomas Jcrvoisc, Esquire, not having so many qualified Voices as the Petitioner, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner’s Right; and that several of those Voices the said Mr. Jervoise had were obtained by undue Practice and Threats: and praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to WeoblyWrit. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of JVeobly in the County of Hereford, in the room of John Birch, Esquire deceased.

A Message by Sir Tho. Duppa, Gentleman Usher of Parliament the Black Rod. prorogued.

Mr. Speaker, the Lords, authorized by virtue of their Majesties Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; and heard the said Commission

6 U read:

Parliament

iurther

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Message to attend the King.

The King’s

Speech

reported.

538 26° Mad. — 30° Juhii. — 3° Aug. — F — 22° Oct. A.X6SI.

read: Which was, for proroguing this- Parliament until And accordingly this Parliament was prorogued until the Thirtieth Day of June next. the Thirtieth Day of June next.

Martis, 30* die Junii;

3* Gulielmi et Mari®.

TH £ Parliament being prorogued to this Day;

And the House being met;

A Message was delivered by Sir Thom. Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords, authorized by virtue of their Majesties Commission, desire the immediate Attendance

of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; and heard the said Commission read: Which was for the proroguing the Parliament until the Third Day. of August next.

And accordingly the Parliament was prorogued until the Third Day of August next

Martis, S* die;

3° Gulielmi et Mari*.

THE Parliament being prorogued to this Day;

And the Housd being met;

A Message was delivered, by Sir Thomas Duppa Gentleman ..... of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords, authorized by virtue of their Majesties Commission, desire the immediate Attendance

of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; and heard the said Commission read: Which was, for the proroguing the Parliament until the Fifth Day of October next.

And accordingly the Parliament was prorogued until.

Monday the Fifth Day of October next

Ltmcc, 5* die Octobris;

3* Gulielmi et Mari*.

H E Parliament being prorogued to this Day;

And their Majesties having, by their Royal Proclamation, signified their Pleasure, That there Should be again a further Prorogation until the Two-and-twentieth of October instant;

And the House being met;

A Message was delivered, by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords, authorized by virtue of their Majesties Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

And accordingly. Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; and heard the said Commission read: Which was, for proroguing the Parliament until the Two-and-twentieth of October instant

And accordingly the Parliament was prorogued until the Two-and-twentieth Day of October instant

Jovis, 22* die Octobris;

Amo Gulielmi et Mari* Tertio,

Annoquc Domini 1691.

A MESSAGE from his Majesty by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers to attend his Majesty: And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That his Majesty had been pleased to make a Gracious Speech to both Houses: And to prevent any Mistake, in Reporting thereof he had desired and obtained a Copy of it: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I HAVE appointed this Meeting of Parliament, as soon as ever the Affairs abroad would admit of My Return into England, that you might have the more ’Hme to consider of the best and most effectual Ways and Means for the Carrying on of the War against France this next Year.

I am willing to hope, That the good Success with which it hath pleased God to bless My Arms in Ireland this Summer, will not only be a great Encouragement to you to proceed the more cheerfully in this Work; but will be looked upon by you as an Earnest of future Successes, which your timely Assistance to Me may, by God’sBlessing, procure to us all: And, as I do not doubt, but you will take care to pay the Arrears of that Army, which hath

1.4

been so deserving and so prosperous in the Reduce-ment of Ireland to a peaceable Condition, so, I do assure you, there shall no Care be wanting on My Part to keep that Kingdom, as far as it is possible, from being burdensome to England for the future.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I do not doubt but you are all sensible, That it will be necessary we Should have as strong a Fleet next Year, and as early at Sea, as we had this Summer-: And I must tell you, That the great Power of France will as necessarily require, that we Should maintain a very considerable Army, ready upon all Occasions, not only to defend ourselves from any Insult, but also to annoy the common Enemy, where it may be most sensible to them; and I do not see how it is possible to do this with less than Sixty-five thousand Men.

I shall only add, that by the Vigour and Dispatch of your Counsels, and Assistance to me in this Session of Parliament, you have now an Opportunity in your Hand (which, if neglected, you can never reasonably hope to see again); not only to establish the future Quiet and Prosperity of these Kingdoms, but the Peace and Security of all Europe.

A Bill for taking away Capiases for Debts under Forty Proctfs of Shillings, was read the First time. Capias.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand sit "upon every Tuesday in the Afternoon in the Ilouse.^ Committees.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit evdry Tuesday in the Afternoon in the House.

Ordered,

3 W. £? M. 22*Octolris559

<1 rand Ordered ’, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit C'ommitteej. every Saturday in the Afternoon in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of

Justice do sit every Friday in the Afternoon in the House.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee of Elections and Privileges of Privileges, be appointed of the Persons following; viz. Mr. Serjeant Treuchard, Mr. Moimtague, Mr. Finch, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Christopher Alusgrave, Sir Mr.

cou'en, Mr. Freeman, Sir John Banks, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Maine, Mr. Norreys, Sir Mattli.

drewes, Mr. Travers, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Lord Castle ton, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Mr. Man-

sell, Lord Wm. Pawlett, Mr. Phil. Foley, Lord Elan, Sir Jos.Herne, Mr. Palmes, Sir Orlando Gee, Lord Commissioner Hutchins, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Clarges, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Hedger, Major Perry, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir /Valter Clarges, Sir Cha. Sir Jos.Tredenham,

Colonel Titus, Lord Marquis Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Ash, Mr. Done, Mr. Radge, Mr. Roberts, Sir Steph.Evans, Sir Hen. Mr. How, Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Bickerstaff'e, Sir Hen. Johnson, Lord harding, Mr, Harcourt, Mr. Bozcyer, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Johnson, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Forster, Sir John Knatchbull, Mr. Bertie, Sir Ben}. land, Sir Rob. Cotton, Colonel Austen, Lord Falkland, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. AluSir Thomas Lee, Alajor

Beake, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Air. Kenyon, Sir

John Thomson, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Peter Colleton, Sir nalh. Jennings, Mr. Thom. Foley, Mr. Sir Cha.

Windham, Mr. S 'cobell, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Sir

Sam. Bernardiston, Mr. Cha. Bertie, Mr. Waller, Mr. Harley, Sir /Falter St. John: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and on every Wednesday, Friday, and at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place before mentioned; and to take into Consideration all such Alatters as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the first place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions the'rein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in And the Committee is to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records,'for their Information. And all Alembers who are returned for Tw o or more Places are to make their Election by This-day-three-weeks for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no. question upon the Return for that Place. Ayd if any thing shall come in question touching the Return, Election, or Alatter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Alatter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons, upon Double Returns, do withdraw, and forbear to sit, until the Alerits be determined.

Chipping Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Wiccomb Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ. electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chipping Wiccomb in the County of Bucks, in the room of Wm. Jepson, Esquire, deceased.

ta*h Writ. Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrantto the

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saltash in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Richard Carexo, Esquire, deceased.

Southampton Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the

electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Southampton, in the room of Richard Norton, Esquire, deceased.

Vol. X.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do isgu? his Warrant to Kent Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Kent, in the room of Sir Fere Fane, now Earl of Westmorland, and called up to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Westminster the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for Writ, the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster, in the room of Sir Wm.

Poultney, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the nochester ' Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Rochester in the County of Kent, in the room of Francis Clerke, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Duiwich Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ for the Wnt* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dwnoich, in the room of Sir Philip Skippon, Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Rippon Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Rippon, in the room of Sir Edm. Jennings, Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Caine Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Caine in the County of Wilts, in the room of Henry Baynion, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Nottingham Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Nottingham, in the room of Wm. Sacheverell, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Mountgo-the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the mery Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Alountgomery, in the County of Mountgomery, in the room of Charles Herbert, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of James Herbert, Esquire, was read; set- Aylesbury ting forth, That the Petitioner, at a late Election of a Election. Burgess for Aylesbury, was duly elected; yet the Constables of the Place, who are the proper Officers to return Precepts of Election, would not return the Petitioners, but Air. Simon Mayne, to be duly elected, although most of his Voters took Alms, and paid to neither Church or Poor; and therefore have no Right to vote:

And praying to be relieved in the Premises, and to be restored to its Right.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privilege#:

Who are to examine the Alatter thereof; and report the same, with their.Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Foley, of Stoack Court in the Weobty County of Hereford, Esquire, was read; setting forth, Election. That on the Fifth June 1691, the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess for Weobly in the aforesaid County; and, in pursuance of his Election, was returned by Indenture by the proper Officer to the Sheriff: But that one Thomas Watkins, Constable of the said Borough, hath delivered another Indenture, purporting an Election of John Birch, Esquire: And the Sheriff hath returned both the Indentures, in Prejudice to the Petitioner’s Right: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered,

VPeobly

Election*

Truro

Election.

Newton

Election*

Ludlow

Election.

Tavistock

Election.

Aldborough

Election.

540 22° — 2 70 Octobris. A. 1691.

Ordered, 'that the Consideration of the said Petition the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Pre-be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: mises. .

Who are to examine the Matter thereofand report the Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition same, with their Opinions therein, to the House. be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the A Petition of John Birch, Esquire, was read; setting same, with their Opinions therein, to the House, forth, That he, being duly returned a Burgess for the

Borough of IVeobly, in the room of Colonel John Birch, Resolved, That the House do now adjourn till Tuesday Adjoum-deceased, was returned accordingly by one of the Con- Morning next m<Bt*

stables, to whom the Precept was directed: Yet the other

Constable hath returned Thomas Foley, Esquire, to the And accordingly the House adjourned till Tuesday Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Conside- Morning, J en of the Clock.

ration and Relief of the* House in the Premises. , ^_______

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: Mart is, 27° die Octobris;

Who are to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House. 30 Gulielmi et Maria?.

A Petition of John Manley, junior, was read; setting prayers.

forth, That, notwithstanding divers undue Practices by A PETITION of Sir Edwyn was read; Chipenhaa* the Mayor of Truro, the Petitioner was duly elected for -T\_ setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected E,ecUon' that Place, although Sir Henry Ashurstbe returned in a Burgess for the Borough of in the County

the room of the Petitioner: And praying, that a Day of W in the room of Esquire, deceased; may be appointed for. hearing and determining the Right notwithstanding many Practices used by Sir of the Election. brass, Mr; Lord the Bailiff, and others, appearing in his Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Behalf; by which means the Bailiff returned Sir:

be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition same, with their Opinions therein, to the House. be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges:

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the A Petition of Sir James Forbes and Thomas Brotlicrton, same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Esquire, was read; setting forth, That on the Eleventh

March 1689, the Petitioners were duly elected by the A Petition of Richard Strode, Esquire, was read; set- Plympton Majority of those who had Right to vote for the Borough ting forth, That, on the Twenty-sixth April 1090, an Election, of Newton, and ought to have been returned: But Mr. Election was proceeded on for the Borough of Plympton Wm. Wood the Steward, and Thomas Stirrop the Bailiff, But one John Tozer having, by indirect means, gained the have nevertheless unduly returned Sir John Chick ley, and Precept, and usurping the Office of Mayor, and thereby George Cholmondley, Esquire, in Wrong to the Peti- the Execution of the Precept, though he lived Two Miles tioners: And praying the Consideration and Relief of from the Borough, and was not legally qualified nor the House in the Premises. chosen to be Mayor, did, before and at the Electiorv

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition threaten the Petitioners Voters; and refused their Votes, be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: and to grant a Poll, though the same was often required;

W ho are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the and hath since returned Sir Geo. and John same, with their Opinions therein, to the House. Esquire, in Prejudice to the Petitioner; and praying a

Day may be appointed for the hearing the said Matter.

A Petition of Thomas Hanmore and JVm. Gower, Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Esquires, was read; setting forth, That they, upon the be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Fourteenth of January last past, were duly elected by the Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the

Majority of legal Voters of the Town of Ludlow: Not- same, with their Opinions therein, to the House, withstanding which, the Bailiffs have returned Colonel

Titus, and Fran. Lloyd, Esquire, and rejected the Peti- Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, printing tioners: And praying the Consideration and Relief of being first perused by Mr. Speaker: And that no Person Vote*, the House in the Premises. do presume to print the same, but such as shall he ap-

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition pointed by Mr. Speaker, be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: '

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the Ordered, That a Bil] be brought in for abrogating the Oaths of same, with their Opinions therein, to the House. former Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance in Ireland', Ailegianr*

and, instead thereof, to establish the Oaths of Fidelity w ,lelawd.

A Petition of Ambrose Manaton, Esquire, was read; and Allegiance, taken here, to their Majesties: And that setting forth, That on the Eighth March 1689, the Pe- the same be prepared upon the Debate of the House, titioner was duly elected a Burgess for Tavistock in the And it is recommended to Mr. Roberts, Sir 7 7/0*

County of Devon, by the majority of legal Electors: But Clarges, and Sir Robert Cotton, to prepare the same, the Portreeve refused to return an Indeqture thereof, executed by the said Electors; but has returned Sir Fran. Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a congratulatory Address to

Drake, in Prejudice.of the Petitioners: And praying the Address be presented to his Majesty, for his safe and the King.

Examination and Relief of the House, in the Premises. happy Return, after the many Hazards to which his Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Majesty has exposed his sacred Person; and for the be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; Success of his Majesty’s Arms in the redyeing of

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the land; and to assure his Majesty, That this House w ill

same, with their Opinions therein, to the House. stand by, and assist him to the utmost of their Power, in

carrying on a vigorous War against France.

A Petition of Sir Edward Turner, Knight, tvas read; And it is referred unto Mr. Chancellor of the Exrlic-setting forth, That, on the One-and-twentieth February quer, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Thomas Clarges, Lord last was Twelvemonth, the Petitioner was duly elected a land, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Onslow, Sir //

Burgess for Aldborough in the County of Suffolke: Not- liamson, Sir Sir Colonel Austen,

withstanding which, the Bailiff hath returned Wm. John- Sir Rob. Sawyer, Sir Jos. Mr. Boscawen, Mr.

£on, Esquire, in Prejudice of the Petitioner f And praying Dolben, Mr. Mountague, Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Soli-

16 citur

Address U the Queen.

The King's Speech to be considered.

Address to their Majesties.

3 W. & M. 27* — 28* Octohris, 541

citor General, Sir Rob. Cottonj or any Five of them t And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, Nernine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to her Majesty,. acknowledging her prudent Administration in the Absence of the King.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee* to prepare the said Address also.

Resolved, Nernine contradicente, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, take into Consideration his Majesty’s Gracious Speech to both Houses, at the Opening of this Session of Parliament

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28* die Octobris;

30 Guiielmi et Mariae.

MR. Chancellor of the Exchequer reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare the Addresses to their Majesties, That they had prepared the same accordingly; and that they had directed him to report the same to the House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

May it please Your most Excellent Majesty*

WE Your Majesty’s most loyal Subjects, the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, do, with all Duty and Chearfulness, congratulate Your Majesty’s safe Return into this Your Kingdom, after the many Hazards to which You have exposed Your Sacred Person; as also the Success of Your Arms in Ireland. Our Prayers and Wishes are, that Almighty God will so prosper Your Majesties future Enterprizes, that they may at length effect an honourable and lasting Peace to Your own Dominions, and the Security of Your Neighbours, from the Injuries and Invasions of the common Oppressor: And crave Leave to join pur Hopes to those of Your Majesty, that the Victories of the last Summer are happy Presages that so it will be: And, as the best Means we can contribute to these good Ends, we are resolved to stand by, and assist Your Majesty, to the utmost of our Pow'er, in carrying on a vigorous War against France.

May it please Your most Excellent Majesty,

WE your Majesty’s most dutiful Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, humbly beseech Your Majesty to accept our most hearty and unfeigned Acknow-legements of Your prudent Care in the Administration of the Government, whilst His Majesty exposed his Sacred Person abroad for the Safety of his People, and the common Interest of Christendom; during whose Absence, nothing could afford us so much Comfort as Your Majesty’s Royal Protection, and Your constant Endeavours for the Benefit and Security of Your People; of which our Hearts abound with a most grateful Sense: And we beg Leave to express it, by assuring Your Majesty, That nothing shall ever be wanting on our Part which may demonstrate our Zeal for Your Majesty’s Service, or which may any ways contribute to the Honour and Happiness of Your Reign.

The said Address to his Majesty, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Nernine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address.

The said Address to her Majesty, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Nernine contradicente, That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Address.

Resolved, That the said Addresses be presented to their Majesties by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of their Majesties most honourable Privy Council, do attend his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, When he will be attended by this House.

Vol. X.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of their Majesties most honourable Privy Council, do attend her Majesty, to know hdr Pleasure, When, she will be attended by this House;

Mr. Roberti, according to Ordei1, presented to the Oaths of

House a Bill for abrogating the Oath formerly taken in Allegiance Ireland, and for establishing other Oaths. Ana the satne m ire *" was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider Amending of the former Laws for Enlarging and Amending of the Highways. High ways; and to consider of their Defects; and to prepare and bring in a Bill for the better Enlarging and Amending of Highways, as well iti Towns as Counties 1

And it is referred unto Mr. Bosctrwen, Major Sir Rich. Onslmv, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir John Barker, Mr.

Borvyer, Serjeant Wdgan, Sir Math.Andrewes, Mr staffe, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Mr.

Dolben, Sir Walt. Young, Mr. Harcourt, Sir John Guise,

Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Foot Onslow, Mr. Clerke, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Cha.

Sir Rog. Puleston, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Sir Tho.

Clarges, Sir Wm. Leman, Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Green-jeild, Colonel Titus, Lord Falkland, Mr. Butler, Mr.

Biddle, Mr. Norreys, Sir Sam. B Sir Edw. Chisnall, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Cha. Windham, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of divers Merchants and Traders in and East India about the City of London, and other their. Majesties Company. Subjects, was presented to the House: And several Of the Petitioners were called in to the.Bar: Who owned the same.

And being withdrawn;

The said Petition was read; setting forth, That the Trade to the East Indies is of very great Importance to this Nation; and yet, by the manitold Abuses of the present East India Company both at home and abroad (who have managed the same for their private Gain without any Regard to the publick Good', the Trade is like to be utterly lost to this Kingdom, and to fall into the Hands of Foreigners, unless timely prevented by some better Regulation thereof on a new joint Stock and Constitution: And praying, That this House, for preventing so national a Mischief, would take into Consideration the Establishing of a new East India Company, in such Manner, and with such Powrers and Limitations, as to them shall be thought most conducing to the Preservation of so beneficial a Trade to the Kingdom. And also

A Petition of the East India Company was read; set- Ditto, ting forth, That the Petitioners, and their Predecessors, upon the Encouragement of Queen Elizaand succeeding Princes, by their several Royal Grants and Charter^ granted unto them, exclusive to all others, have adventured their Estates for the Discovery and carrying on a Traffick to those remote Parts, greatly to the Advantage of the Navigation of this Kingdom, and Enriching -of the same; and have been always under a Belief, that, according to the Usage of their Predecessors, might legally manage their Trade within the Limits of their,

Charters, by virtue of their several Grants from the Crown: And that several Parliaments have had many Occasions to take Notice of their Charters without any Disallowance thereunto; but, on the contrary, rather implicitly approved thereof: But that the Petitioners have received great Damages and Discouragements in their Trade by several private Traders or Interlopers, who originally were the Cause of all those Troubles and Losses brought of late on the said Company: And that the Petitioners therefore humbly represent, That the said East India Trade cannot possibly be supported but in a joint Stock, exclusive to all others, nor without such Powers' granted unto them equal to that of their Neighbours:

6 X And

54

And that, while Matters stand thus, the said Trade will jiot only suffer much, but other European Nations will make great Advantage thereof, to the Hazard, if not the Ruin, of the English Commerce to those Parts: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; tod to apply such seasonable Remedies for the Preservation of the said Trade, on which so many other foreign Trades, on a great measure, depend, as to settle the same . ty Act of Parliament, under such Methods or Regulations as the House shall think fit; and that, in the mean time, the Petitioners may be supported and encouraged in preserving the said Trade to the Nation.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said several Petitions be referred to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning tit Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petitions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 29* die

3° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Oaths of ABILL for abrogating the Oaths formerly taken in Allegiance X\ Ireland, and for establishing other Oaths, was read in Ireland, the Second time. '

And a Debate arising touching the Commitment of the said Bill;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Registering Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for the Registering Seamen. of Seamen: And it is recommended to Sir Rich. Onslow, Colonel Austen, Admiral Russell, Lord Falkland, to prepare the same.

Their Majesties appoint to be attended.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquaints the House, That he having waited upon their Majesties, to know, When they would be attended by this House, his Majesty had appointed this Afternoon at half an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Banqueting House at Whitehall: And that her Majesty had appointed to be attended immediately after, in her Withdrawing Room at Whitehall.

East India Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Company. resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petitions touching the East India Trade.

The Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Guise took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair: And

Sir John Guise reported from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they , had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follows i viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the East India Trade is necessary and beneficial to this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 'That the East India Trade will be best managed by a joint Stock, exclusive to all others:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Company to tra<je to the East in a joint

Stock be established by Act of Parliament.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second-time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the East India Trade is necessary, and beneficial to this Kingdom.

The Second Resolution being read the Second time;

Resolved ', That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the East India Trade will be Lest managed by a joint Stock, exclusive to all thers.

30° Octobris. - A. 1-691.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, That a Company to trade to the East Indias in a joint Stock be established by Act of Parliament.

Sir John Guise also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That the present East India Company may be ordered to produce to this House, within Fourteen Days next ensuing, their Books, with a true State of their Stock and Debts at home and abroad.

Ordered, That the present East India Company do produce to this House, within Fourteen Days next ensuing, their Books, with a true State of their Stock and Debts at home and abroad.

Sir John Guise also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the I louse, That they w ould give Leave, that the said Committee may sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon This-day-fort-night at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Petitions concerning the East India Trade.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridian.

THE House met, in order to attend their Majesties with the Addresses:

And then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Veneris,30® die Octobris;

3° Gulielmi et Mafias.

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of Thomas Jervois and Oliver Cromwell, Esquires, w as read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were duly elected Burgesses for the Borough of Limmingtonin the County of Southampton; yet

that the Mayor, contrary to Justice, hath returned Thomas Dore and John Burrard, Esquires, though the Petitioners

had the Majority of legal Voices: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that they may be restored to their just Right of Sitting in the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: And they are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mr. Speaker reports to the House, That he did Yesterday present their Address to his Majesty: And that his Majesty received the same graciously; and was pleased to express himself to this Effect; viz.

Every Thing that comes from the House of Commons is very agreeable to Me, especially when attended with such Affection as this Address is; which deserves My Acknowlcgement: I shall endeavour to bring France to an honourable Peace for us, and our Allies: I expect to be assisted with the Means from you; and there shall be nothing wanting on My Part, to effect it.

Mr. Speaker also reported to the House, That he also presented their Address to her Majesty: And that she w'as pleased to express herself to this Effect;

Gentlemen,

I am glad I have done any thing to your Satisfaction.

Ordered, That Dr. Jane, Dean-of Gloucester, be desired to preach before this House upon the Twenty-sixth of November next, being a Day of Thanksgiving appointed by their Majesties Proclamation: And that Mr. Travers and Major Vincent do acquaint him therewith.

18 Then

House attends their Majesties.

Lymington

Election*

Answers tq Addi esses?

Dr. Jane t# preach on

iOlli Nov.

Oaths of Allegiance in Ireland.

Call of the House.

Supply.

Sta.tr of the tSutum*

Sti'chbridge

Election*

Dav'Je’a

Estate.

300 — 31°

543

Then the House resumed the adjourned Debate touching the Committee of the Hill for abrogating the Oaths formerly taken to the Crown in , and for establish-

ing other Oaths to be taken to their Majesties.

And the Statue 20 Eliz. made in appointing

the former Oath to be taken, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Roberts, Sir Jos. Williamson, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Slater, Mr.

Bickcrstaff'e, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Howe, Mr. Sir

Walter Young, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Butler, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir Rich.Onslow, Sir Major

Vincent, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Paul Foley,

Mr. Christie, Sir Jon. Jennings, Sir Vane, Mr. Clerke,

Sir John Thomson, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Bowyer, Sir Seymour, Mr. Norreys, Lord Ranelagh, Sir Barker,

Sir Tho. Darcye, Mr. Bo.scowen Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr.

Hawtry, Mr. Brownian Sir Walter St. John, Colonel Titus, Mr. Harley, Mr. Travers, Air. , Sir Fra.

Drake, Lord Falkland, Earl of Belldmont, Mr. England, Sir Tho. Charges, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sir Peter

Colleton, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Waller, Sir Walter And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

Ordered, That the House*be called over on Wednesday next.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, took into Consideration his Majesty’s gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, at the Opening of this Session of Parliament: Which was read by Air. Speaker.

And a Alotion being made, for a Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente That this House will,

upon Friday Alorning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Alotion.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Afom-ing next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tq consider of the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabaii, 31* die 30 Gulielmi ct Alariac.'

Life, contracted several great Debts, secured the Payment thereof by Bonds and Judgments, and prevailed, with the Petitioner to join with him therein; whereby the Debts became the Petitioner’s own; and his Father dying without any Personal Estate, the Petitioner is disabled from paying the said Debts, without an Act of Parliament for Sale of Part of the Premises: And that the Creditors have already extended the Petitioner’s Lands, and thereby committed great Wastes thereon, and threaten the Continuance thereof, for the Raising of Atonies to pay their Debts; which will tend to the lluin of the Pc-tioner and his Family, if not remedied by this House: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of Part of the said Premises, for the Payment of his Debts.

And the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; to examine the Alatter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yea J?" no.

’ [Air. Gwyn, J

Tellers for the Noes,|j^ 1 68.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And it is referred unto Sir Waller Young, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Anth. Keck, Air.

Ddlben, Mr. Campion, Mr. Buscawcn, Mr. Air.

Blmjeild, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Tho. Darcye, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Brerter, Mr. How, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Palmes, Sir Rich.Temple, Mr. Christie, Sir St. Andrew St. John,

Air. Price, Mr. Chctzcyn, Mr. Arnold, Air.

Air. Harcourt, Alajor Vincent:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Hawles, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected for the Borough of St. Ives in Com Cornwall, by a Majority of the Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and Assistants: Yet one John Hicks, pretending himself Alayor, hath returned James Praedand Wm. Harris; pretending the Right to be in the Commonalty, and that they had the Aiajority: Which, if so, they were prevailed on by undue Practices: And praying the House would redress the Alatters aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: Who are to examine the Alatter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Anth. Rou\ Esquire, was read;

setting forth, That he was duly elected for the Borough of Stockbridgein the County of Southanipton:

Yet nevertheless the Bailiff hath unduly returned Thomas Jervois, Esquire, in Prejudice to the Petitioner’s Right, he not having so many qualified Voices as the Petitioner had, and several of them obtained by Threats and Practices: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that they would give the Petitioner Relief therein.

And the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Alatter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Aierits of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Three Weeks.

A Petition of Wm. Davile, and his Wife, was

read; setting forth, That the Petitioner’s Father having settled an Estate in Flethamin Com York, of about Three hundred Pounds per Annum, upon the Petitioners for their Lives; and after, to their issue Alale, with Remainders over; but that the Petitioner's Father having, in his Voe. X.

A Petition of John Braman Gentleman, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly chosen a Citizen for the City of Chichester, by those who had a due Right to vote: notwithstanding which, the Alayor hath illegally and wrongfully returned Sir Thomas Miller, and Thomas May, Esquire, in Prejudice of the* Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: Who are so examine the Alatter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Austen, and others, on Behalf of themselves, and the Freemen and Burgesses of,

was read; setting forth, That, at the Election of a Burgess, the Petitioners, to the Number of Eighty-four, voted for John Hawles, Esquire; and they demanded a Poll of the Alayor: Which he refusing, they executed an Indenture and demanded him to return the same: Which he refused; but, in the stead thereof, returned an Indenture, executed by himself, and Eleven others, who w ere all who voted for Sir Rob. Dashwood, in Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying the said Alatters may be redressed, and the Alayor’s Return taken from, and the Petitioners affixed to the Precept.

Ordered,

St. Ives Election.

Chichester

Election.

Banbury

Election.

544 3i° —

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections i Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Fleetwood he desired to preach before this House at St. Margarett's, Westminster, upon the Fifth of November next: And that Mr. and

Mr. Hobby do acquaint him therewith.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Corporations, and bring in a Bill for maintaining and securing the Rights and Privileges of Cities, Towns, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, and Corporations.

And it is referred to Mr. Brockman, Lord Digby, Mr. Herbert, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Dolben, Mr. John Haw, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Blawfeild, Mr. Slater, Mr. Bracer, Mr. Dowdswell, Lord Falkland, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Rich. Haw, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Ediv. Ascough, Colonel Titus, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Peter Colleton, Mr. Burrard, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Cha. Sidley, Mr. Palmes, Sir St. John, Sir Walt. Young, Sir Anth. Keck, Mr. Gztyn, Mr. Dyott, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bus-cawen. Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Waller, Mr. Niccolas, Mr.

haugh, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Lee, Mr*. Phil. Foley, Mr. Tho. Foley, or any Five of them, to prepare the same: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fleet-wood to preach on 5th Nov.

Rights of

Novembr

A: 1691.

Luna, 2* (lie Novembris;

3* Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

TLESO LVED, That the Privilege of this House Privilege *- shall not be allowed to any Members thereof, in disallowed to Cases wherein they are only Trustees, a Copy of the Members as Bill or Declaration being first left with such Trustee: rustees*

And that the same be a Standing Order of this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Aulnage transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Duty* Custom House; and for giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same: And it is recommended to Mr. Blaufeild and Mr. Clerk to prepare and bring in the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Hertford reviving a former Law for Repair of the Highways-in the Hoads. County of Hertford: And. it is recommended to Mr.

Freeman, Sir Wm. Cooper, and Colonel Titus, to pre-

pare and bring in the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Recovery of the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Tythes: Tythes. And it is recommended to Mr. Christie and Mr. -feild to prepare and bring in the same.

Tryals for Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Treason. Regulating of Tryals in Cases of High Treason: And it.

is recommended to Sir Wm. Whitlock, to prepare and bring^in the same.

Denbeigh A Petition of the Burgesses of Denbeigh and Ruthen Election in the County of Denbeigh, was read; setting forth, That the VTLL of Holt, with the said Boroughs, have only a Right in voting for Burgesses to serve in Parliament; and yet the said Vill hath assumed the Power of making great Numbers of Inhabitants of other Counties Burgesses of the said Vill; contriving thereby to outvote the legal Electors of the aforesaid Boroughs, in Prejudice to their Rights and Freedoms: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Elections and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill or Returns. Bills for regulating Abuses- in Elections and Returns to Parliament.

And it is referred to Sir Aw. Mr. Chetwyn,

Sir Edw. Hussey,- Mr. Clerke, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Aiscough, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Pelham, Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Peter Colleton, Mr.' Bathurst, Sir John Guise, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir John Bolls, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Mr. Granoill, Mr. Jeffries, Serjeant Blincawe, Sir Cha. Bloys, Serjeant Tremaine, Mr. Christie, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Rob. Cotton, Marquis Winchester, Lord Falkland, Mr. Paul Foley, Colonel Titus, Mr. Lee, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Slater, Mr. Blawfeild, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Wm. Honeyicood, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Harley, Mr. Kenyan, Mr. Green-feUd, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Chase, Mr. Niccolas; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of divers Merchants, Masters of Ships, Plantation Planters, and others, trading to foreign Plantations, was Servants, read; setting forth, That the Plantations cannot be maintained without a considerable Number of white Servants, as well to keep the Blacks in Subjection, as to bear Arms in case of an Invasion: For the convenient Furnishing whereof King Charles granted Letters Patents, dated Twenty-fourth Sept. 16° Regni: Which being surrendered,

another was obtained by Colonel Legg and others, unqualified by Law, from the late King James; which, for that Reason, since the happy Resolution, hath been, by Decree in Chancery, declared null Rnd void: And their Majesties have been pleased to grant their Letters Patents to Edward Thomson, Esquire, for the erecting an Office for the binding all Servants, and registring their Consents, that Should go over to the said Plantations:

And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for establishing the said Office by Act of Parliament.

Resolved, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report the Matter thereof, with their Opinions therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Guise, Sir Wm. Strickland,

Sir Tho. Haslerig, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Peter Colleton, Mr.

Biddolph, Sir Rob: Dovers, Mr. Travers, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Mountague, Mr. lion, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Thomson, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Jennings, Sir John Barker, Mr. Brockman, Mr. feild, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Sherrard. Sir John Dor-rell, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Mr. Stockdale, Mr.

Sir Wm. Robinson, Mr. Fuller, Mr. England, Sir

Cooper, Colonel Titus, Sir Sam.Bern Mr. Palmes,

Sir John Key, Sir Math. Andr arcs, Mr. Kenyon, Mr.

Harley, Sir Wm. Dashwood, Mr. Greenfeild, Mr. Waller,

Mr. Hedger, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Norreis, Mr. Thorn-ha ugh: And they are to meet this- Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Petition of Wm. Williams, Esquire, was read; set- Denbeigh ting forth, That the Petitioner, notwithstanding many Election, illegal Practices by the Burgesses of the Vill of Holt in the County of Denbeigh, was duly elected a Burgess, by the Majority of legal Voters, for the Boroughs of that County; and yet Thomas Harper and Robert Knowles, the pretended, but not legal Bailiffs, have returned Edward Brereton, Esquire, in Prejudice of the said 15 Boroughs,

Christchurch

Liechoii.

Wooten Basfett Klee lion.

Tryals for Treason.

Hoi borne Court of Conscience.

State of the Nation.

Members

summoned.

3 W. £? M. 2°-^3*° — 4°; N&vembris. 545

Boroughs, and the Petitioner’s Right: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premisesi

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Hooper and Thomas , Esquires, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were duly chosen and elected Burgesses for the Borough of . Christchurch in the County of Southampton; yet John Stevens the Mayor, against all Right, hath returned for the said Borough JVm. Etter and Francis Gwyn,

Esquires, though the Petitioners had the Majority of legal Electors that voted for them: And praying, the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that the Petitioners may be restored to their just Rights.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Complaint being made to the House, against one John Knighton, one of the Aldermen of the Borough of Wooten Bassett, That he had distributed Bribes to the Electors of the said Borough, at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to consider and examine the said Matter; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Sir JVm. Whitlock, according to Order, presents to the House a Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cases of High Treason: And the same was received.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Wednesday Morning next, after the House is Called over.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 3° die Nmembris;

3° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for Holborne and Finsbury Divisions.

Then the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation, was read.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace, and summon the Members in Westminster Hall at the several Courts, and in the Court of Requests, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned, with the Mace;

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gray reports from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same were read; and are as followeth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the paying the Army any otherwise than by the Muster of effective Men, is a great Wasting of their Majesties Treasure.

Vol. X.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved. That a Bill be brought in for the paying off the Army according to the Musters of effective Men, and for better paying of Quarters; and likewise for preventing of false Musters, and punishing Mutineers and Deserters.

the Eirst of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a paying the Army any otherwise than by the Musters of effective Men, is a great Wasting of their Majesties Treasure.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Bill be brought in for the paying off the Army according to the Musters of effective Men, and for better paying of Quarters; and likewise for Preventing of false Musters, and punishing Mutineers and Deserters.

Ordered, That it be recommended to Sir Thomas Clarges, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Foley, Mr. Harley, and Sir Peter Colleton, or any Three of them, to bring in the said Bill.

Mr. Gray also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again, to inquire, What Miscarriages have been in the Fleet; and who have been the Occasion thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire, What Miscarriages have been in the Fleet; and who have been the Occasion thereof.

And then the House adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 4* dNovembris;

3° Gulielmi et Marise.

Prayers.

A PETITION of divers of the Inhabitants of Al-brough in the County of Suffolk, touching the Election there, was presented to the House.

But, there being no Petition of the said Persons the last Sessions, the same was not received.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, was called over. And the Names of such as made Default were again called over a Second time, and the Absence of several of them excused.

Ordered, That the Defaulters be called over upon Monday Sevennight next: And that such of them as do not then appear, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Petition of Richard Farrington, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That he was duly elected for the City of Chichester; and that, notwithstanding, by many Briberies, Threats, and Promises, Sir Tho. Miller, and Tho. May, Esquire, have procured themselves to be returned: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be. referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Bill for Regulating of Tryals, in Cases of High Treason, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock.

6 Y

Albrough

Election.

Call of the House.

Chichester

Election.

Tryals for Treason.

Oath* of Allegiance in Ireland*

Mr. Fleet-

wood

thanked.

Caine

Election.

Supply.

Accounts desired of the King.

6° — -70 Nov

A. 1691.

Veneris, 6* die Novembris; 3* Gulielmi et Alariae.

Praters.

SI R Joseph Tredenliam reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for abrogating the Oaths formerly taken to the Crown, in Ireland, and for establishing other Oaths to be taken to their Majesties, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and agreed unto by the House, with some other Amendments made in the Chair.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do move his Majesty in the Matters aforesaid.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Mr. Fleetxcood, for the Sermon he preached before this House Yesterday: And that he be desired to print the same: And that Mr. Mountague and Mr. Hobby do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of Sir Geo. Hungerford was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was, on the Thirty-first Day of Octoberlast, duly elected one of the Burgesses for the

Borough of Caine in the County of Wilts, and ought to

judice of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: And they are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made on Friday last, for a Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had efgreed upon a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nernine contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he Vvas directed by the said Committee to move the House, That his Majesty be humbly desired, That there belaid before this House a State of the War for the next Year’s Service, in relation to the Fleet.

Ordered, That His Majesty be humbly desired, That there be laid before this House a State of the War for the next Year’s Services, in relation to the Fleet.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committe^ to move the House, That his Majesty be humbly desired, That there be laid before this House a State of the War for the next Year’s Service, in relation to the Land Forces.

Ordered, That his Majesty be humbly desired, That there be laid before this House, a State of the War for the next V*ear’s Service, in relation to the Land Forces. *7

Sabbati,7° die Novembris:

30 Gulielmi et Maria*.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Anthony Rowe, Esquire, have Stockbridg* Leave to withdraw his Petition to this House touch- 1'-lectu’1‘. ing the Election for the Borough of in the County of Southampton.

Mr. Christie reports from the Committee to whom the Plantation Examination and Consideration of the Petition of divers Servants. Merchants, Masters of Ships, Planters, and others, trading to Foreign Plantations, was referred, That the said Committee had examined and considered the Matter of the said Petition; and were of Opinion, That such a Bill would be of good Use and Service to the Publick: And that they had directed him to move the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Registring of Servants that shall go to the Plantations, pursuant to Letters Patents, granted for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Mr. Clerke according to Order, presented to the House Aulnage a BilL for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aul- Duty.° nage to the Custom-house, and for giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same: And the same was received.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Biddolph, Mr. England, Mr. vers, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Rcignolds, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Hutchinson, Air.

Henley, Mr. Greenjeild, Mr. Thornh be added to

the Committee to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of Wm.Davil and his

Wife, is referred.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Settlement the Laws relating to the Provision, Settlement, and Em* of the Poor, ployment of the Poor; and to prepare and bring in a Bill or Bills for the Better Provision, Settling, and Employing of the Poor for the Time to come.

And it is referred to Sir John Guise, Mr. Waller, Air.

Clerke, Mr. Freke, Mr. Christie, Mr. Foley, Air.

Air. Cooke, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir John Fagg, Sir Jervas Elwes, Sir Wm. Cooke, Sir Tho. Dairy, Serjeant ard, Sir Thomas Haslerig, Sir Fra. Vincent, Air.

Sir Rob. Cotton, Serjeant Blincoe, Mr. Mr.

Bloiofeild, Mr . Brerver, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Haw try, Air.-

Bromly, Sir Rob. Edon, Sir Sam. Air.

Kenyon, Major Vincent, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Palmes,

Air. Chetwyn, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Burrard, Sir Fra.

Drake, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Bryan Stapleton.

And the Question being put, That all that come have Voices;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered,

3 W. & M. 70 — 90 Nov$47

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

5tattof the Then the Mouse, according to the Order of the Day, Hret. resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire into what Miscarriages have been in the Fleet, and who have been the Occasion thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 9° die Novembris;

3° Gulielmi Marias.

Pl< AYERS.

Witnesses to RD E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

Usuni- v-/ rant for Mr. Bycr, Captain Jo/m Mr.

oioumL Blackburn, Captain Tho. Marsh, Captain Wm.

Mr. I lobster. Captain Jon. Andrewes, Dr. John St. John, Captain F.ilm. Wright, Mr. Captain

Ifni. Ileath, and such other Witnesses as shall be desired to attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of the Petitions concerning the East India Trade, is reterred.

Christchurch Ordered, That Thomas Hooper and Thomas Lore, Election. Esquires, be at Liberty to withdraw their Petition touching the Election for the Borough of Christchurch in the County of Southampton.

Answer to desire for Accounts.

Navy and

Army

Estimates.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain acquaints the House, That he had, according to their Order, moved his Majesty, That there might be laid before this House a State of the War for the next Year’s Service, in relation to the Fleet, and the Land Forces: And that his Majesty had given Direction to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, that are of this House, to lay before the House an Estimate of the Charge of the Navy; and to the Lord Ranelagh, to lay before the House a List of what Forces his Majesty thinks necessary to maintain the next Year.

Accordingly Sir Rich.Onslow presented to the House,

an.Estimate of the Charge of the Navy:

And the Lord Ranelagh acquainted the House, That the King had been pleased to command him to deliver to the House the State of the War for the next Year’s Service, in relation to the Land Forces; and that he had it.

That it proposeth the maintaining Sixty-four thousand Nine hundred and Twenty-four private Men: Of which Eight thousand Seventy Horse, Three thousand Four hundred and Forty Dragoons, and Fifty-three thousand Four hundred and Fourteen Foot: Which makes Five Troops of Guards, Twenty-four Regiments of Horse, Seven Regiments of Dragoons, and Sixty-three Regiments of Foot: In all, Ninety-four Regiments, besides the F'ive Troops of Guards, and Six independent Companies: All which are provided for by the Establishment now in being.

And, because the Number of effective Men, in several of the Regiments, are at present much Short of what.. allowed by the said Establishments, especially in those Regiments who have served so well in Ireland this last Summer.

That his Majesty hath commanded him to tell this House, That he will take the best Care lie can to recruit and complete them with all convenient Speed.

That the State will shew the Names of the several Regiments, the Number of Troops, Companies, and Men allowed to each, and the yearly Charge of each Regiment, according to the several Establishments.

Vol. X.

That their total Charge for a Year, without General Officers, Garisons, Train, Transport Ships, Hospitals, and Contingencies, amounts to One Million Eight hundred and Five thousand Six hundred Seventy-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Two-pence: To which, adding for those Six Heads, Four hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds for the next Year, which is a very moderate Computation of their Charge, the total Expence of the Land Forces, supposing them all complete, will be Xwo Million Two hundred fifty-five thousand Six hundred Seventy-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Two-pence.

That, how these Forces shall be distributed, his Majesty hath not yet resolved: But that, howsoever, the King had commanded him to tell this House, That he will keep no more of them in his own Dominions than what he shall judge absolutely necessary for their Security; and the rest he will transport beyond Seas, in order to annoy the common Enemy,* where it may be more sensible to them.

Then the said Estimate of the Charge of the Navy, and List of the Forces; were read; and are as followeth;

100,000-----

8,400-----

8,400 —

Ax ESTIMATE of the Charge of their Majesties Navy for the Year 1602.

£. s. d.

The Charge of the Ordinary Estimate!

of their Majesties Navy - -J The Charge of Wages, Victuals, Wear! and Tear, and Ordnance Stores, for

Thirty thousand Men, serving in I c ______

their Majesties Ships at Sea, for/1’ J/>o Thirteen Months, at Four Pounds I Five Shillings each Man a Month - J For the Freight, Victuals, and Wages of Thirty hired Ketches to attend the main Fleet, at Forty Pounds each per Month, for Seven Months - For the Freight, Victuals, and Wages of Four hired Hospital Ships to attend the said Fleet, at Three Hundred Pounds each per Month, for

Seven Months - - - -J

The Charge of building Four new Ships' of the Fourth Rate of Forty-eight Guns each, and furnishing them with Rigging, and Eight Months > £8,864 —

Boatswains and Carpenters Sea Stores, at Seven thousand Two hundred and Sixteen Pounds each The Charge of building One new dry!

Dock, and Two wet Docks at Ports- > mouth, of Stone and Tarras - -J The Charge of the Two Marine Regi-j

ments - -J

The Charge of the Half Pay of Fifty Captains, Fifty Lieutenants, and Fifty Masters of the great Ships, when the main Fleet is in Harbour -

Total - - 1,855,054

15,890-----

30,000-----

6,000 — — -

A

LIST of what Forces his Majesty thinks necesst to maintain the next Year; viz*

ttTroop# and Number. Pay per Ann. xion>C. Companies.

First Troop of Guards - 1

Second Troop of Guards - 1 Third Troop of Guards - 1 Troop of Scot Guards - 1

Royal Regiment - - 9

Sir John Lanier’s - - 9

Colonel Villier’s - - 6

Lord Colchester’s - - 6

Colonel Godfreye’s - - 6

Colonel Coye's - - 6

Colonel Langstone’s - -6

Colonel Ilyerlye’s - - 6

Duke of Leinster’s - - 6

Marq. de Ruvigny’s - - 9

260 -260 -260 -118 -4.50 -450 -300 -300 -300 -300 -300 -300 -300 -450 -

21.921

21,985

21.921

9.687 30,133

30.398

20.634

20.634

20.634 13

20.634 .13

20.634 13

20.634 13

20.634 13

30.398

s.

5

3

5

14

15 8

13

>3

54

9° Novembris.

A \ 1691.

Troops and Number. Companies.

Colonel Woleslye’s -Danes. Baron Juel’s -Colonel Donep’s Marq. la Forest's Dutch. Troop of Guards Regiment of Guards Monpouillan’s -Sgravemore’s -Ginckle’s Van Oyen’s -Zuylestyn’s Shack’s -Neivenhuise’s -Boncour's Reiddessell’s -

Piy per Ann.,

£ s- d.

6 - 300 - 20,634 13 4

Companies. Number.

6 - 276 6 - 276 6 - 276

i - 197 6 - 480 3 - 213 3 - 213 3 - 213 3 - 213 3 - 213 3 - 213 3 - 213 3 - 213 3 - 213

22.076 8 4

22.076 8 4

22.076 8 4

16,126 4 — 30,051 8 —

13.078 18 — .13,078 18 —

13.078 18 —

13.078 18 —

13.078 18 —

13.078 18 —

13.078 18 —

13.078 18 —

13.078 18 —

Total of Horse - 131 8,070 561*640 7 4

Dragoons. Royal Regiment Colonel Leveson’s -Ixird Fitzharding's -Sir Tho. Levingston’s

- 8 - 480 - 20,926 13

- 6 - 360 - 15,999 3

" ® 36° - 15,999 3

- 6 - 360 15,999 3

Regiment late Sir x\l. Cun-1 Q 0

ningham’s - - -j 8 480

Colonel Wynn’s - - 8 - 480 - 20,707 13

Colonel Eppinger’s - - 10 - 920 - 32,469 8

Foot.

First Regiment of Guards 28 Second Regiment of Guards 14 Regiment of Scot Guards - 14 Royal Regiment - - 26

Regiment late Major Ge-1 neral Kirk’s - -J Colonel Churchill’s - - .13

Colonel Trelawyne’s - 13

Regiment of Fusileers - 13 Colonel Beaumont’s - 13 Colonel Stewart’s - -13

Sir John Hanmor’s - - 13

Earl of Bath's - - 13

Colonel Brewer’s - - 13

Colonel Hastings’s - - 13

Colonel Beveridge’s - - 13

Sir James Leslye’s - - 13

Colonel Hales’s - -13

Colonel O Farrell’s - - 13

Sir David Coljear’s - - 13

Colonel Fitzpatrick’s - 13

Colonel Hodges’s - -13

Earl of Monmouth’s - 13 Colonel Erie’s late Luttrell’s 13 Colonel Fouke’s - - 13

Colonel Hamilton's - - 13

Sir Geo. St. George’s - 13 Earl of Leven’s - - 13

Earl of Meathe’s - - 13

Duke of Bolton’s Hampsh. 13 Duke of Bolton’s Norths - 13 Sir Henry Bellasys - -13

Lord Castleton’s - - 13

Regiment late Col. Herbert’s 13 Regiment late Lieutenant! General Douglas's -J

2,240

1.120

1.120 1,560

13 - 78o -

780 -780 -780 -780.-780 -780 -780 780 780 780 780 780. 780 780 780 780 780 780 780 780 780 780 780 780 780 780 780 780

780

- 20,966

- 31,712

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145 6,1 6,

-6,

- 16,

6,

6,

6,

6,

13 -

Regiment late Lord Lis-bume’s Colonel Vennevs’s -Earl of Drogheda’s -Colonel Erie’s -Colonel la Melonier's

13

13

13

13

13

- 780

- 780

- 780

- 780

- 780

45 ,*45 >45 145 145 145 ',145 >,145

6.145 6, ‘45

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

6.145

4

4

4

4

4

4

Total of Dragoons - 52 3,44a 142,808 18

19 2

16 6

4 2

8 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

3 4

Colonel du Cambou’s - 13

Colonel Belcastell’s - - 13

Colonel Tiffin’s - - 13

Ix>rd George Hamilton’s - 13 Colonel St. Johns's - - 13

Earl of Angus's - - 13

Major General Mackaye’s -13 Sir Cha. Graham’s - - 13

Colonel Landev’s - - 13

Upnor Company - - 1

Company of Miners - 1

Company of Fusileers - 1

New York Companies - 2

Company in Leeward Islands 1 Danes.

Battalion of Guards - - 7

Queen’s Battalion - - 7

Prince Frederick’s Battalion 6 Prince Christian’s Battalion 6 Prince George’s Battalion - 6

The Zealand Battalion - 6

The Jutland Battalion - 6

The Fnnish Battalion 6

Dutch.

Regiment of Guards - 27

Prince of Darmstadt’s -12

Colonel Lloyd’s - - 12

Lord Cutz’s - — - 12

Count Nassau’s - - 12

Prince of Brandenburg’s - 12 Colonel Groben’s - - 12

780

780

780

780

780

780

780

780

780

50

5o

100

120

60

700

700

600

600

boo

600

600

600

Pay per Ann.*

£. s. d. ‘6,145 3 4

16.145 3 4

16.145 3 4

16.145 3 4

16.145 3 4

16.145 3 4

16.145 3 4

16.145 3 4

16.145 3 4 803 1G 4

i,733 15 4 1,727 13 4 2,354 5 — 1,177 2 6

14,207

14,171

12,288

12.142

11.978

12.142 h,978

11.978

12 2 6 6 1 6. 1. 1

6

6

8

8

8

8

8

8

2,634

- 840

- 840

- 840

- 840

- 840

-840-15,171 8

56,851 13 6

15.097 -

15.097 -

15.097 -

15,171 8 —

15A71 8 —

Total of Foot - 80953,414 1,101,222 9 10

Total of Horse, Dra-1 c n

goons, and Toot .} 99*6-1,924 ->5,671 15 X

To which is to be added, the same being computed at a moderate Rate, £. s. d.

For G eneral Officers, G arisons, T rain, j Hospitals, and Contingencies - j 85 ,

For the Hire of Transport Ships, and! other Charges of Transportation - J

100,000-----

And then the Total of the Charge!

of the Land Forces for the en->2,255,671 15 suing Year will be - - -J

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate, and List, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

A Complaint being made to the House of a printed Pamphlet, intituled, " Mercuri , or, The

New Observator," reflecting on the Proceedings of this

House, in Breach of the Privileges thereof;

Ordered, That Richat'd Baldwyn, the Printer of the said Pamphlet, and likewise the Author of the same, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the said Breach of Privilege.

A Bill for Regulating of Tryals in Cases of High Treason, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr.

Privilege — Reflections on Proceedings.

Tryals for Treason.

Supply,

3 W. & M.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move the House, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Estimate of the Charge of their Majesties Navy for the'Year. 1692, delivered in to this House; and to report their Opinions therein to the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Estimate of the Charge of their Majesties Navy for the Year 1692, delivered in to this House; and to’ report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir 7 Chiracs, Sir John Lordlier, Sir Christopher Masgrave, Mr. Palmes, Sir

Air. Gwyn, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Hen. Herbert, Mr. Russell, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Gilbert Sir

Bunchs, Sir Chu. Windham, Lord Falkland, Mr. Jeff ryes. Air. Hurl'y, Mr. Pupil/ion, Sir John Sir

lando Gee, Lord Brandon, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Bcnjum. Nczvland, Sir Walt.Young, Sir Peter Colleton, Lord

bury, Lord Rune!ugh, Sir Sum. Sir Rob.

Rich, Sir Ralph Carre, Sir Thompson, Sir On-

slow, Sir John Guise, Sir 7 Dyke, Sir Sam. Dashi Air. Clerke, Sir John Key, Mr. Onslow, Sir Lord Digby, Mr. Hampden, Sir Cotton, Sir Tredenham, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Seymour,

Air. Solicitor General, Colonel Austin, Sir Cooper, Sir Chu.Blunt, Sir lien. Goodrich, Mr. Arnold, Lord Castlet on, Mr. Cary, Mr. Colonel Air.

Newport, Sir Jos. H illiamsoAir. Hopkins, Mr. Thorn-ha ugh, Mr. Travers, Mr. Mountagnc, Alajor / lucent, Sir 77/0.1 hr non, Sir Rob.Cotton, Sir IVm. Lcceson Gen

Sir John Colton, Sir Jervas Fhccs, Mr. Air. Ful-

ler, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Pelham, Sir Tho.Bernardiston, Mr. Serjeant Air.IVind-

'ham, Mr. Bulolph, Sir IVi/frcd Lawson’: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That the Committee may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Alorning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

East India Ordered, That the Sitting of the Committee of the Company. whole House on 'Thursday next, to whom the Consideration of the Petitions concerning the Trade,

was referred, be put oil’.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Alorning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into’a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in tire further Consideration of the Petitions concerning the India Trade.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 10* die Novembris;

30 Gulielmi Maria?.

Praters.

Davile’s /C R. Christie reported from the Committee to whom

Estate. i.V_L the Consideration of the Petition of

and his Wife, was referred, That the Committee Had - examined and considered the Alatter of the said Petition;

and were of Opinion, That a Bill for sale of some Lands ‘ for Payment of Debts would be for the Good of the Petitioner's Family, and Preservation of the Rest of the Estate from Waste and Destruction: And that therefore the Committee had directed him to move the House for Vi>L. X.

549

Leave, That a Bill might be brought in according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Sale of some Lands, for Payment of Debts according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for abrogating the Oaths formerly Oaths of taken to the Crown, in Ireland, and establishing other Allegiance in Oaths to be taken there, was read the Third time. And An ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill; That the same Should not extend to the taking away the Place of Vice Treasurer of from

JVm. Harbord, I-’s<;uir-, now employed as Ambassador Extraordinary, to mediate a Peace between the Christians and Turkcs; but that he shall have Liberty to take the Oaths, and subscribe the said Declaration, within Two Months alter his Return into that Kingdom.

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And. that the Title be, An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Tredenham do cany the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.'

A Petition of a great Number of their Majesties Sub- Transport jects, employed in their Majesties Transport Service, pre- Debt, sen ted by Arthur Sha/fet, John Travers, and Anthony JJ'ilks, on their Behalf, was read; setting forth, that in 1680, and since, many Ships and Vessels were hired to* transport their Majesties Forces to Ireseveral of which were discharged the Service, some lost, and others continued to this Day; several of which have received none, some a Alonth’s, others a Fortnight's Pay, by way of Imprest; and that, most upon Tallies, on a remote Fund; so that, by Computation, there is due for this Transport Service, betwixt Three and Four hundred thousand Pounds; whereby the Alasters and Owners of the said Vessels are reduced to such Streights, that many of them, and their Ships, have been arrested and condemned by the Seamen, for Wages; and others, for w ant of their Alonies, disabled in their Trades: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Jos.

Alajor Vincent, Mr. Blovjeild, Alajor Perry, Mr. Gwyn,

Sir Tho. Ctarges, Sir Tho. Has/erig, Sir Christopher Alus-

grave, Sir Rich.Hart, Mr. G/emham, Mr. Granville, Air.

Haw try, Sir 'J'ho. VcrnonNlr.Norreys, Sir Mat., An

Air. Harley, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Tho,

Pope Blunt, Sir Henry Johnson, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Petes*

Colleton, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Done, Mr. JVhart on, Air.

How, Mr. England, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Fuller, Lord Brandon, Sir Jew. Elwes, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Clerke, Sir John Guise, Sir JVm. Cooke, Colonel Titus, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Buscanen, Sir Air.

Arnold, Sir Edw. Chisnall, Mr. JValler, Mr. Shackerly,

Air. Stanley, And all the Alembers that serve for the Seaport Tow ns: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. '

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking the pub- Publick lick Accompts do, on AfoWtfj/-sevennight next, lay before Revenue, this House a State of the Incomes and Issues of the publick Revenue, from the Fifth of November 1688, to MV chaclmas last, with their Observations thereupon.

Then Admiral- Russell presented to the House several proceedings Papers giving an Account of the Proceedings of their of the Fleet. Majesties Fleet, during the last Summer’s Expedition;

viz.

Instructions given to him by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England:

6Z A List

90 — 10° N

Kjj

A. 1691.

550 10® — -11® — 12°

A List of the Ships in the said Fleet: An Extract of several Letters and Orders touching the Proceedings of their Majesties Fleet: And an Account of the said Fleet’s Proceeding. All which were read at the Table.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty do, upon Saturday Morning next, lay before this House the several Orders that have been issued to Admiral Russell, during the last Summer’s Expedition.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty do lay before this House, upon Saturday Morning next, a List of the Ships that have been lost or damaged since the Year 1688, and of the Captains Names of the same.

State of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Nation. next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11* Novembris; 3* Gulielmi et Marite.

Amending

Highways.

Prayers.

/~\RDERED, That Mr. Bull, Sir Edw. Seymor, Mr. Langton, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Dyet, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Jervoise, Mr. TTiomhaugh, Mr. Pitt, Sir Tho.

Air. Bouyer, Mr. Cooke, Mr. England, Air.

Air. Chetwyn, be added to the Committee to whom it is

referred to consider of the former Laws for Enlarging and Amending of the Highways; and to consider of their Defects; and to bring in a Bill for the better Enlarging and Amending of Highways, as well in Towns as Counties. And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they prepare and bring in a Clause to impower the Justices of Peace at the Quarter Sessions, to settle the Rates of Waggoners and Carriers.

Recovery of Air. Christie presented to the House, according to Tythes. Order, a Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Tythes. And the same was received.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Woolen Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Manufacture, the better Improvement of the Woolen Manufacture.

Beckman’s Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke, and &c. Nat. ’ Ah. Keck;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Naturalizing Sir Martyn Beckman, Knight, and others: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Tryals for Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Treason, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Regulating of Tryals, in Cases of Treason.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: Which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report of the Bill and Amendments be made upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 12* die Novembris; -3* Gulielmi et Alariae.

Prayers.

MR. Serjeant Trenchard reports from the Committee Weobly of Elections and Privileges, to whom the Alatter tiection. touching the Double Return and Election of Burgesses to, serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobly in the County of Hereford, was referred, the State of the Case as it appeared to the Committee: The which he delivered in at the Table, in Writing: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

That upon the Examination of the Alatter of the Double Return, and Merit of the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobly in the County of Hereford5 Itappeared by the Record, That Thomas Foley, Esquire, was returned by one Indenture, by Thomas Mayrick, Constable of Weobly, and several other Burgesses of That John Birch, Esquire, was returned by one other In* denture, by several other Burgesses of Webly.

That as to the Alerits of the Election, it was insisted on the Behalf of Air. Foley, That Air. Foley had, by Three or Four, the Majority of qualified Voices: And that the Counsel that appeared for Mr. Birch, did allow Air. Foley to be duly returned, as being returned by the Constable: And that Air. Birch was not duly returned, being returned by the Burgesses only.

That, as to the Alerits of the Election, the Counsel for Air. Birch did agree, That, upon Examination, Mr. Foley had the Majority of qualified Voices.

And that thereupon, and upon reviewing the Record, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which Mr.

Serjeant Trenchard delivered in at the Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Thomas Foley, Esquire, is duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobly in the County of Hereford.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Thomas Foley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobly in the County of Hereford.

The First of tile said Resolutions being read a Second time;.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thomas Foley, Esquire, is duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobly in the County of Her ford.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time; '

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thomas Foley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobly in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, with the Return for the said Borough, in order to amend the same.

Mr. Harley, according to Order, presented to the House Punishing a Bill for the paying the Army, according to the Alusters Mutiny and of effective Men, and for better paying of Quarters; and ^e*ertl0,u likewise for preventing of false Musters, and for punishing Mutineers and Deserters. And the same was received.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. '

A Afotion being made, and the Question being put, Reducing That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Lessening of Interest. Interest of Money;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Supply.

Punishment of Offenders*

Transport

Debt.

Dnnwich

Election.

jW. £j?M.

12° — rj° Novembris.

55*

Tel.e.for.heyeas,/

Tellers for the Noes,{ J'j;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

}.°5.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Suppressing of Haw kers and Pedlars.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day* resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against Prance.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon a Resolution: Which they' had directed him-to report to the House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War Against,

the Duties by way of Excise, which were payable for Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for a Year, from the Seventeenth Day of November last, be continued for a Year, from the Seventeenth of November instant

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, the Duties by way of Excise, which were payable for Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for a Year from the Seventeenth of November last, be continued for a Year from the Seventeenth of November instant.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do prepare and bring in a Bill according to the said Resolution.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he ,was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That the said Committee may have Leave to . s,it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Gregory and Mr. Justice Eyres;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill,-intituled, An Act to take aw ay the Clergy from some Offenders, and to bring others to Punishment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Lord Brandon and Mr. Stanley be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of a great Number of Subjects employed in their Majesties Transport Service, is referred.

And then the House adjourned dll Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, IS* Novembris;

3° Gulielnai et Mari®.

Praters.

A PETITION of Henry Esquire,

was read, setting forth,. That he was duly elected r Burgess for the Borough of in the County of

Syffolke., and was accordingly returned by one erf the

VOL. X.

Bailiffs thereof: notwithstanding which, the other Bailiff hath returned. John Bence, Esquire, as Burgess for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Merits of the said Return and Election.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Bence, Esquire, was read; setting Dunwich forth,. That the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess for Election. Dunwich in Suffolk, by the Majority of legal Electors, and returned by Indenture by the proper Officer: But that one Pacy, a Bailiff of the Borough, hath delivered another Indenture to the Sheriff, purporting an Election of Henry Heveningham, Esquire, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, and the Right of the Borough: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections j Who are to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The Clerk of the Crowd, according to Order, attended; Weolly and amended the Double Return for the Borough of Retu , Weoby, by taking off the Return of Mr. Birchi amen e

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Beckman’s, for naturalizing Sir Martin Beckman, Knight, and others, &c* ^at' was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Punishment to take away Clergy from some Offenders, and to bring of Offenders, others to Punishment, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time after Eleven a Clock.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Trials for Day, reports from the Committee of the whole House, Treason, to whom the Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cases of Treason, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time severally one by one; and, with sume other Amendments made in the Chair, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Robert Tayloe, and other Mariners, who East India served ’the East India Company in their late Wars against Company; the Great Mogul/, was read; setting forth, That in 1683,

4, 5, and 6, the East India Company entered the Petitioners on board several of their Ships in a Merchant-like Way; but that, some Short time after their Arrival, the Company’s Agents engaged their Ships in a War against the Great Mogull, and, by excessive Tortures, compelled the Petitioners in Service in unjust Depredations and Robberies upon the Mogulls Subjects: Upon which, the Governors of the Company made an Order, that the Petitioners, besides their Wages, Should have a Sixth Part of alf Prizes to he divided among them, to encourage the Petitioners Service: In which, during the War, the Petitioners took to the Value One million Five hundred thousand Pounds; of which Two hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds belongs to them by Contract: And the . Company have accordingly paid some of the Mariners their Proportions: but have denied the Petitioners the like Justice upon Applications made unto them: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of the Petitions touching the East India Trade, is referred.

Ordered,

French Bay-salt*

East India Company.

Leave of Absence,

Macrles-fi ilds Estate.

Hertford

Hoads.

552

13 d — 140 N.

A. 16^91.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preserving Two Ships Load of Bay-salt, taken as Prize, and now in Dover Road, for the Benefit of the Navy, to be accounted for by the Victuallers to their Majesties.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Petitions touching the East India Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Guise took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Guise reports from the Committee, That they had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again, to take into Consideration the Complaints against the East India Company; and that the Heads of the Complaints against them may be ordered to be delivered to the Governor of the Company, or left for him at the East India House.

Eesolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to take into Consideration the Complaints against the East India Company.

Ordered, That the Heads of the Complaints against the East India Company be delivered to the Governor of

the Company, or left for him at the East India House Tomorrow by Twelve a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Subbati, 14* die Novembris;

3° Gulieluii et Marias.

Prayers.

T) E TEIt Meyer, Christian Bratts, and

nesman, took the Oaliis at the Table, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas have Leave

to be absent for a Fortnight, to attend the Funeral of the Lady Wimble ton his Mother-in-law.

A Petition of Ralph Macclesfand his Wife, M as read; setting forth, That, upon I.is Marriage, he settled the Manor of Mare in Coni’ Supon himself, Wife, and Issue Male: That he has no Issue Male, but one Daughter; and hath, by Suits and otherwise, contracted great Debts, so that the said Estate is not able to satisfy the same: But that there being a fair House upon the Premises, they can, if enabled by Act of Parliament, sell the same for much more than sufficient to pay the Debts, the Petitioner being willing to reserve the Overplus for his Wife and Daughter: And for that the Petitioner is Tenant for Life, if lie Should pull down the said House, or if his Creditors Should do so, it would be to the Ruin of his Estate and Family; whereas, by the means aforesaid, the Petitioners Debts may be paid: And praying Leave to bring ip a Bill to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Daughter.

And the Question being put, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition, be referred to a Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas 20 forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

(Mr. Gray,

[Mr. Christie, (Mr. Wha [Mr. Onshnc,

So it passed in the Negative.

.<10.

77-

Mr. Freeman presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reviving a former Law for Repair of the Highways in the County of Hertford: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time after Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for Regulating of Trials for Trials in Cases of High Treason, be read the Third Treason, time on Wednesday next, at Eleven a Clock.

Mr. Freke, according to Order, presented to the Reducing House a Bill for Lessening of Interest of Money. And Interest, the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time after Eleven a Clock.

The Lord Falldand, from the Commissioners of the Papers Admiralty, delivered in, according to Order, Copies of the several Orders that have been issued by the Com- e

missioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Russell, during this last Summer’s Expedition; and also, a List of the Ships that have been lost or damaged since the Year 168and of the Captains Names of the same.

Ordered, That the said Copies and List be read upon -Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee of Elections and Privi- Dunwich leges do sit upon Thursday the Second of December, in fc, ection* the Afternoon, to hear the Matter touching the Elcption and Return for the'Borough of Din the County of Su ff olk.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Elections and Privileges do issue his Order lor the Town Clerk of Dunxcich to bring the Council Books and Books of Constitution of the d ow n, and the Records of the Town, to be used at the said Committee.

Mr. Harley reports from the Committee appointed to Navy inspect the Estimate delivered into this House of the Estimate. Charge of their Majesties Navy for the Year 1692, and to report their Opinions therein, That the Committee had considered the same; and come to several Resolutions thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Thirty thousand Men for Thirteen Months is a Medium necessary for the Service of the Navy for the Year 1692.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Five Shillings per Head a Month for Thirty thousand Men, the Thirteen Months round, is sufficient for the Ordnance for the Service of the Navy for the next Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Nineteen Shillings per Flead per Month, for the Thirteen Months round, is sufficient for the Victualing of the Fleet for the Year ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That One Pound Seven Shillings and Six-pence per Head per Month, for Thirteen Months round, at Thirty thousand Men, is sufficient for the Wear and Tear of the Fleet for the Year ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That One Pound Eight Shillings and Six-pence Head per Month, is sufficient for the Wages of the Fleet for the Year ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge of Tenders to the F leet is included in the One Pound Seven Shillings and Six-pence agreed to be sufficient for Wear and Tear for the Navy for the Year ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge of the Hospital Ships to attend the Fleet is included in the One Pound Seven Shillings and Sixpence, agreed to be sufficient for Wear and Tear for- the Navy for the Year ensuing.

And the Question being put, That the Charge of building Four new Ships of the Fourth Rate, of Forty-eight 19 Guns

Supply.

3 W. &- M.

14* — i-i 6° Novembris.

553

Guns each, and furnishing them with. Rigging, and Eight Months Boatswain and Carpenters Sea Stores, is necessary to be added to the Estimate. of the Fleet for the Year ensuing;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of building one new dry Dock, and Two wet Docks, at Portsmouth, of Stone and Terras, be Part

of the Estimate for the Year ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Two Marine Regiments are included in the Thirty thousand Men. agreed, by a Medium, to be necessary to the Service of the Navy for the Year 1692.

The Question being put, That the Charge of the Half Pay of Fifty Captains, Fifty Lieutenants, and Fifty Masters of the great Ships, when the main Fleet is in Harbour, is a necessary Part of the Establishment of the , Navy;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the ordinary Estimate of the Navy is to be Part of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the next Year;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee, of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the said Committee, That they had considered the said Report to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thirty thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, is a Medium necessary for the Service of the Navy for the Year 1692.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Five Shillings per Head per Month, for Thirty thousand Men, the Thirteen Months round, is sufficient for the Ordnance for the Service of the Navy for the next Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Nineteen Shillings per Head per Month, for the Thirteen Months round, is sufficient for Victualing of the Fleet for the Year ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That One Pound Seven Shillings and Six-pence per Head a Month, for Thirteen Months round, for Thirty thousand Men, is sufficient for the whole Wear and Tear of the Fleet for the Year ensuing.

Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That One Pound Eight Shillings and Six-pence per Head per Month, is sufficient for Wages for the Fleet for the Year ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of Tenders to the Fleet is included in the One Pound Seven Shillings and Six-pence, agreed to be sufficient for Wear and Tear for the Navy for the Year ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Hospital Ships to attend the Fleet is included in the One Pound Seven Shillings and Sixpence, agreed to be sufficient for Wear and Tear for the Navy, for the Year ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of building Four new Ships of the Fourth Rate, of Forty-eight Guns each, and furnishing them with Rigging and Eight Months Boatswains arid V ol.X*

Carpenters Sea Stores, is not necessary ,to be added to the Estimate of the Fleet for the Year ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge of Building one new dry Dock, and Two wet Docks, at Portsmouth, of Stone and Tarras, be Part of the Estimate for the Year ensuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Two Marine Regiments are included in the Thirty thousand Men, agreed, by a Medium, to be necessary to the Service of the Navy for the Year 1692.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge of the Half-pay of Fifty Captains, and Fifty Lieutenants, and Fifty Masters of great Ships, when the main Fleet is in Harbour, is not a necessary Part of the Establishment of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the ordinary Estimate of the Navy is not to be Part of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the next Year.

And the said several Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House,

That the Committee may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Clerk reports from the Committee to whom it Election was referred to prepare and bring in a Bill or Bills for Keturns. regulating Abuses in Elections and Returns of Parlia-‘ ment, That they had prepared a Bill to prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; which they had directed him to present to the House.

And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 16* die Novembris;

3* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

A BILL for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Recovery of small Tythes, was read the Second time. Tythe*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, unto Lord DigbyMr.Mr. Gwyn, Sir Rob. Edon, Mr. Burde Mr. How, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Blaufeild, Serjeant fVogan, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bus-

cazver^ Sir Fra. Guybons, Mr. Carter, Sir Rob. Sawyer,

Mr. Brereton, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Mr.

Freeman, Mr. Biddolph, Sir S. Bemadiston, Mr. Sand-ford, Lord Falkland, Mr. How, Mr. Campion, Mr. Glem-ham, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Papillion, Mr.

Lord Combury, Mr. Bowyer: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Then, according to the Order of the Day, the Names Defaulters of such Members who made Default in appearing upon to Call of the Call of the House, the Fourth of November instant, the Hou*e. and were not then excused, were called over.

And several of them appeared, and others were excused.

Ordered, That Nich. Glyn, Esquire, Henry Esquire, John Tanner, Esquire, Fran. Esquire,

Hugh Fortescue, Esquire, Sir John Mortain, Baronet,

Henry Hening, Esquire, Henry Nor Esquire, John Poller fen, Esquire, John Michell, Esquire, Wm.

Esquire, Rob. JValpole, Esquire, be sent for in Custody

of the Serjeant attending this House, for their Non-attendance upon the Service of the House.

7 A Then,

5 $4

Then, according to the Order of the Day, the Copies of the several Orders that ba, ve been issued by the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Russell during the last year’s Expedition; and also the List of the Ships lost or damaged since the Year 1688; were read.

Ordered, That ,the Commissioners of the Admiralty do lay before this Douse such Inquiries and Examinations as have been made by the Admiralty touching Ships cast a\vay, Ships taken, and Ships run aground.

State of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-Nation. ing nex(;} at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Intercepted T,b$ House being acquainted, that Mr. Bridges, a Paper*. Member of the House, could give an Account of an Information given him by a Captain of their Majesties Fleet, That Sir Ralph had lately taken a French

float going for Ireland, with Papers of dangerous Consequence to the Government;

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges do name the Person that gave him such Information.

Whereupon he named the Lord Danby, a Member of the House of Peers,

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Delavall do attend this House Tomorrow Morning: and bring with him all the Papers he lately took in a French Boat going for

The House being acquainted, that the Lord Danby can give Information of the said Papers;

The Question was put, That a Committee be appointed to repair to the Lord Danby; and to desire his Lordship’s Information in the Matter aforesaid:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Y }

Tellers forrhe Noes, }.86.

So it passed in the Negative.

Conference Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the- Lords, desired with Upon an Information made to this House of Matters or relating to the Safety of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Lord Colchester do go to the Lords,

and desire the said Conference.

Examination Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his of Lord Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his reston, c. Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That he will be pleased to give Order, That the Confessions and Examinations of the Lord Preston and Mr. Crone, may be laid before this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 17* Novembris;

3° Gulielmi et Marite.

Davile’s TV/f Christie, according to Order, presented to the Estate. i_VX House a- Bill to enable to sell

some Lands, for Payment of Debts. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ele ction A Bill to prevent false and double Returns of Members Returns. to serve in Parliament, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to ]\Ir.

Mr. Wilmot, Mr. Christie, Mr. Sir Rob. Da-

vers, Serjeant Trenchant, Mr. Palmes, Sir Roger Puleston, Mr. Trenehard, Sir Walter Young, Sir Win. Cooke, Mr.

Pigot, Mr. Wyndh am, Mr. Levinus Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. How, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Bull, Mr. Glemham, Colonel Greenville, Major Vincent, Sir Jcrv. Elutes, Sir

22

1691.

John Wynne, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Haxvtry, Mr.

Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Buckley, Sir Fra.

Vincent, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Green Sir Wilfred Lawson, Sir Wm. Honeywood, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Burdet,

Mr. Machell, Sir John Key, Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Dyot,

Mr. Clerke, Sir Sam. Grimston, Mr. Pendarves, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Beke, Mr. Gwyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Serjeant at Arms attending this House acquainted Serjeant un-the House, That he had inquired after Sir Ralph Delavall, able to serve to serve him with their Order; but that he was not yet Overcome to Town.

The Lord Colchester reported, That he having been at Conference the Lords to desire a Conference, according to the Order on intercept-of Yesterday, That the Lords do agree to a present ed Papers* Conference in the painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Edward Seymor, Sir Christopher Musgraxe, Sir Rob. Rich,

Mr. Bridges, Mr. Mountague, Sir Joh Mr. Bus-cawcn, Sir Wm.Cooper, Mr. Clerke, Colonel Granville,

Lord Colchester, Sir Rich.Onslow, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Hen. Capell, do manage the said Conference.

And die Managers went to the Conference: And being returned;

Mr. Mountague reported, That the Managers had attended the Conference; and that they had desired this Conference to maintain a good Correspondence with their Lordships; and also, out of Respect to the Peerage: That the Commons had received Information, That a Member of die Lords House had seen some Papers on board the French Prize that was taken by Sir Ralph Delavall, of die utmost consequence to the King and Kingdom, im-. porting no less than the betraying his Majesty’s most secret Counsels and Orders: And, in regard this Information related to a Peer of this Realm, the Commons thought it most proper to acquaint their Lordships with it; and to lay the Matter before them.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mathew

Sir John Hoskyns; Jointure.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled,

An Act for setding a Jointure on Jane the Wife of Colonel Edward Mathews, Daughter of Sir Tho. Armstrong, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, East India resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Company, take into Consideration the Complaints against the East India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Guise took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Guise reports from the said Committee, That

they had examined the Matter of the Complaints against the East India Company, according to the several Heads given in by the Petitioners to the Governor of the Company; and had gone through the same: And that the Committee had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Petitions touching the East India Trade.

Ordered, That the East India Company do, on Friday next, make their Defence to the Complaints made against them.

Ordered, That the Petitioners have a Copy of the Answer delivered in by the East India Company.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. CommfttM*

And then the House' adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Nine a Clock.

16°- — 170 N.

Supply Bill; Excise.

Putt’s Estate.

Pinmakert

Trade.

Tryals for Treason.

Supply.

18" — 19® Novembris.

C-

Mercurii, 18* di;

3° Gulielmi el Mariae.

Prayers.

MR. Solicitor General, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon Beer, Alp, and other Liquors, for One Year: And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, at Ten a Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Doctor Edisbury;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Executors and Trustees of Sir Tho. Putt, Baronet, deceased, to lease several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, during the Minority of Sir Tho. Putt, Baronet, Son and Heir of the said Sir Thomas Putt, towards the Payment of Five hundred Pounds a-piece, Legacies to his Three Sisters, Margaret, Ursula, and Susanna Putt; as also the Debts of the said Sir Thomas Pytt: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Company of Pinmakers of London, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and their Predecessors, are and have been incorporated by divers Charters and Letters Patents of several preceding Kings: And, into the Membership, Regulation, and Government of this Company are all the Pinmakers of England and Wales incorporated: An<j that almost all of the said Company are poor and indigent, and their Numbers increased by the unlimited Numbers of Apprentices of those that keep and employ them, contrary to Law,: Besides which, the Petitioners Trade is exceedingly prejudiced and undersold by the clandestine Importation of Foreign Pins, which are daily exposed to Sale under the English Mark; and also by some covetous Members of the Company, who-have Stocks, live boundless to their Charter, and have occasioned the Ruin of above Four hundred Families, and Decay of that Staple Commodity: And praying, That, for the several- Reasons aforesaid, and Redress in the Premises, the Petitioners may have Leave to bring in a Bill for the better settling and relieving the Petitioners in their said Trade and Employments.

And the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly;

Ft passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill for regulating of Tryals, in Cases of Treason, be now read the Third time. The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Regulating of Tryals, in Cases of Treason.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Whitlock do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Year 1692 (including the Ordnance, and the Charge of building 'One dry Dock, and Two wet Docks, at Portsmouth), be granted to their Majesties, es Part of the Supply for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

The said Resolution being read a Second time,-

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum not exceeding One million Five hundred seventy-five thousand Eight hundred and Ninety Pounds for the Charge of the Navy, for the Year 1692 (including the Ordnance, and the Charge of building One dry Dock, and Two wet Docks, at Portsmouth), be granted to their Majesties, as Part of the Supply for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That the Committee might have Leave to sit again, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Supply, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, in relation to the Land Forces.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- State of the ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Natron, of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee!.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 19° dieNovembris;

3° Gulielmi et Marite.

Prayers.

AMES SAGE from -the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Dr. Edisbury,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed, a Bill, intituled, Wittering An Act for Sale of the'Manor and Lands in Wittering Manor, in the County of Northampton, and the- Advowson of the Church of Wittering aforesaid, late the Inheritance of Wm. Stydolph, Esquire, deceased, late Father of

mond Stydolph, Esquire: To which they d.esire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, that the Lords desire a Conference with this Lords desire House, this Morning at Eleven a Clock, in the Painted a Conference. Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to "a Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and acquainted therewith.

Resolved, That the Persons who managed the last^ Conference do manage this Conference.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Mr. Christie, according to Order, presented to the plantation resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to House a Bill for Registering of Servants that shall go to Servant*, consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their the Plantations, pursuant to Letters Patents granted for Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against that Purpose. And the same was received.

France. The Bill was read the First time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Then the Managers appointed went up to the Con- conference

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, ference: And being returned; on intercept-

That they had agreed upon a Resolution; which they Mr.*Chancellor of the -Exchequer reports, That the ed Paper*,

had directed him to report to the House: The which he Managers appointed had attended the Lords at the Con-read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the ference: And that the Duke of Bolton began the Con-Table: Where the same was read; and is as followreth; ference; and said. That the Lords were willing to main-Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tain a good Correspondence always between the Two That a Sum not exceeding the Sum of One million Five Houses, especially in Matters of this great Importance; hundred seventy-five thousand Eight hundred and Ninety and Should be glad to join with this House at any time in Pounds, for the Charge of the Navy to be set out for the the Discovery of any Designs against the King and King-Vol. X. dom,

"""""

556 10° Novembris, A. 1691.

Conference dom, of which this House were the true Representatives; on intercept- and were very well satisfied with the Respect of this House ed Paper*, to them: And the Reason why they did not send to this Conference Yesterday was, because this House was up before they had received a full Account of the Matter to communicate: But that now the Lord Kiveton (formerly called the Lord Danby) had been there; and had given his Information: Which their Lordships gave to the Managers in Writing, viz. an Examination they called it; That their Lordships also delivered the Papers, which were taken by Sir Ralph Delavall; and the Letter from him to the Earl of Nottingham: That the Papers came to them sealed, as they now are delivered to the Managers: That they were sent up by Sir Ralph Delavall to the Earl of Nottingham: But that the Earl of Nottingham did not receive them from the Messengers; but appointed, that the Messengers Should attend at the Door of the House of Lords: Who was afterwards brought by the Lords Direction into their House: Where he delivered the same: And that he was sworn that he delivered them as he received them.

That, in the said Examination of the Lord Danby, is mentioned Copies of Two Letters, one from Monsieur

Ginckle to Sir Ralph Delavall, the other from die Earl of Nottingham to Sir Ralph Delavall: But that when the Packet came to be opened, there could be found but one of those Papers; viz the Copy of a Letter from Monsieur de Ginckle: But that the Lord Rochester said, That Sir Ralph Delavall's Letter to the Earl of Nottingham said, That he had sent all that he had taken.

That the Lords did desire, That when this House had made what Use they thought fit of those Papers, they would let diem have them again: And that they said fur-dier, lliat they had sent for Four other Persons to be examined in this Business, which are not yet come; viz. oneMartyn, Mr. Battyn, and the Captain of the Ship that was taken, and the Captain of the Ship that took them.

And then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer delivered in at the Table the Packet sealed up, and Information of the Lord Kyveton, and Letter from Sir Ralph Delavall.

The said Information or Examination of the Lord Kiveton, dated 18 November 1691, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

18° 1691.

The Lord Kiveton saith, That he was in Company with a noble Peer of this House, and Two Members of the House of Commons: The noble Peer shewed his Lordship a Letter; the Postscript of which gave Intelligence, That Sir Ralph Delavall had taken a French Packet Boat bound for Ireland; in which there was found a Copy of Sir Ralph Delavairs Instructions: And his Lordship was asked by that noble Peer, and those Gentlemen of the House of Commons (amongst other Questions, about News) Whether the Postscript of that Letter was true; And his Lordship answered, That there was no such Thing as a Copy of any Instructions that his Lordship had seen; but that there was Copies of Two Letters, the Titles of which, one of them, was a true Copy of General Letter to Sir Ralph Delavall; and the other was titled, A Copy of the Lord Nottingham's Letter to Sir R. Delavall. His Lordship says, He had not Time to read any more than the Beginning of General s Letter;

which seemed to wish for Sir Ralph Delavall's expediting his Voyage to the Coast of Ireland. Sir Ralph Delavall told his Lordship, He wondered to see Copies of Letters, when the Originals never came to his Hands.

' His Lordship further saith, That he asked the Commander of this small Vessel, Who was then on board Sir Ralph; Whither he was going, when he was taken: And he told him, He was going to the French Squadron, under the Command of Monsieur Chesteau His

Lordship asked him, From whence he came: He told him, From Brest: And also his Lordship asked him, Where he left Monsieur Chesteau Renaut: And he told him, to the best of his Lordship’s Memory, He left him near the Coast of Ireland: And his Lordship also asked him, What Strength he had with him: And he said, He had

34

Eighteen Sail of Men of War fit for the Line of Battle; and that Monsieur Chesteau Renaut himself was in a Three-decked Ship of Eighty odd Guns; and that none of those Eighteen Ships were of less Force than of Fifty Guns: That they had about Fifty Sail of Merchantmen with them, laden with Arms for Thirty thousand Men; and all manner of Ammunition and Stores for the same. His Lordship asked him, How he came to fall in with the English Fleet: He said, That he, not knowing that the English Fleet was at Sea, believed it might be their own Fleet drove so far to the Leeward of their Station; which he said was to have been West*-south-west from Scilly Fifteen Leagues: That, when he saw his Error, he made the best of his Way from the English Fleet he could, but was taken by one of the English Cruisers.

His Lordship says, He had this Discourse, and much more of little Importance, which he doth not well remember, with this Commander, before he had seen the Copies of those Letters.

His Lordship further says, That he heard Sir Ralph Delavall, and some of the other Officers then on board, say, That this Man had owned he had a Packet which he had thrown overboard, when he found he could not escape; saying, That they could not blame him for it, it being his Duty, and what he believed any of them would have done for the Service of their Prince; and that these Papers were not so ready, being Papers, as he thought, of less Consequence. He told his Lordship, That Monsieur Chesteau Renaut his going out was designed for the Relief of Lymerick. His Lordship says, That the aforesaid Papers were taken out of a Vellum Case, in which there was several other Papers: And that Sir Ralph Delavall did say to his Lordship, That he did not know, but that they might be Papers of Consequence.

The Letter from Sir Ralph Delavall to the Earl of Nottingham, dated November 16, 1691, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lord,

I Received yours, dated the Fourteenth instant 91; and, according to your Desire, have sent you every Paper that came to me by Captain Gillum, who took the Prize: If I had believed them of any Moment, I Should not failed of transmitting them to your Lordship by the first Opportunity; nor can I apprehend how these Reports Should arise. It is true, at That Time Captain Gil-lam brought the French Captain on board with these only Papers, my Lord Danby and several Commanders were on board: My Lord read them, as understanding French, which I do not; and so did several others, but could not believe there was any thing in them that Should give Ground for such Report: Yet, when I consider, how much I find I am traduced for not doing an Impossibility, or rather not obeying an Order I never received, I do not wonder.. I wish the Opinion of the Dutch Flags, as also of the Captains that are Seamen with me on this last Cruize, were asked, Whether I have acted according to Reason, and like a Seamen: And shall presume to say. That, if I were now to go on the same Service, I would not run such Hazards as I did. But I must submit; and rest

Your Lordship’s most obedient Servant,

16 Nov. 91. Ralph Delavall.

To the Right honourable the Earl of Nottingham Principal Secretary of State, London.

And the Packet was opened: Wherein was included Eighteen Papers numbered, inclosed in a Piece of Vellum.

Resolved, That the Perusal, Examination, and Translation of the said Papers and Vellum Cover, be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bridges, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Hutchinson, Lord Marquis Winchester, Lord Brandon, Sir Jos. Williamson, Sir Cha. Rash-leigh, Mr. Mountague, Sir Rob. Clayton, Sir Jos. Trcden-

ham,

3 W.0M. i£° — 20° Novembris. 557

ham, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Colonel Granville, Mr. Dolben, Sir Rob. Davers, Serjeant Tren-> chard, Sir Rob. Rich, Earl of Bellamont, Mr. England, Mr. Clarke, Sir Jervas Elwes, Mr. Gott, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir John Guise, Lord Digby, Mr. Wharton, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Mr. Price, Sir

Cha. Windham, Lord Castleton, Sir Thom.

Mr. Traverse, Sir Ralph Carre, Mr. Sir Tho.

Clargis, Mr. Fuller, Lord Norreis, Mr. England, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Beddingfeild, Sir Cha.

Mr. Niccolas, Mr. Fox, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Tredenham, lav&Pawlet, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Sir

nardiston, Mr. Bathurst, Sir John Cotton: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Oath of A Message from the Lords by Mr. Justice Gregory

Supremacy Justice Eyres;

m re an Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to a Bill, sent

up from this House, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths; with several Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply. Then the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve

into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, in relation to the Land Forces, was read.

The Lord Ranelaghacquainted the House, That he was commanded by his Majesty to lay before the House a Distribution of the Land Forces mentioned in the Estimate, formerly delivered in to this House: The which hr read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in, in Writing, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

In England.

Four Regiments of Horse, Two of Three hun-j

died each, and Two of Two hundred and > 1,026

Thirteen each, making together - -J One Regiment of Dragoons ... 480

Twelve Regiments (o:f Foot, of Seven hundred‘s /-and Eighty each, making -J

One Independent Company - - - 50

In all - 10,916

hundred and Thirty Horse, One thousand Six hundred and forty Dragoons, and Twenty-nine thousand Seven hundred and Eighty Foot: In all, Thirty-eight thousand and Fifty Men.

Resolved, That the Consideration thereof be referred to the Committee of the whole House; who are to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, in relation to the Land Forces.

Then the House, according to the said Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, in relation to the Land Forces.

Mr. Speaker left the Chajr.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Commitee,

That they had agreed upon a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Army of Sixty-four thousand Nine hundred Twenty-four Men is necessary for the Service of the Year 1692, in order to the securing the Peace of the Kingdom, and the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That an Army of Sixty-four thousand Nine hundred Twenty-four Men is necessary for the Service of the Year 1692, in order to the securing the Peace of the Kingdom, and the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed to move the House, That the Committee may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, in relation to the Land Forces.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

In Ireland.

One Regiment of Horse Two Regiments of Dragoons, of Four hundred' and Eighty each -

Fifteen Regiments of Foot, of Seven hundred and Eighty each -

In all -

In Scotland.

A Troop of Guards -A Regiment of Dragoons -Two Regiments of Foot, of Seven hundred and\ Eighty each -

In all -

300

960

Veneris, 20" die Novembris; 30 Gulielmi ct Marife.

Prayers.

11,700 /ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Dili Cutter and

_____ for remedying the Abuses in the Weighing and false J-^eese 12,960 Packing of Butter, and also of the Abuses in Making ia e> ______ and Weighing of Cheese,

11 g Mr. Papillion, according to Order, presented to the French nay 360 House a Bill for preserving Two Ships Load of Bay Salt, Salt, taken as Prize, for the Benefit of the Navy, to be ac-1,560 counted for by the Victuallers to their Majesties. And . the same was received.

2,038 The Bill was read the First time.

_I____ Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

In the West Indies.

One Regiment of Foot 780

Three Independent Companies, of Sixty each - 180

' In all - 960

Total - 26,874

Of which, One thousand Four hundred and Forty Horse, One thousand Eight hundred Dragoons, and Twenty-three thousand Six hundred and Thirty Foot: And so remains to be transported beyond Seas Six thousand Six Vol. X.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wittering for Sale of the Manor of, and Lands in Wittering in the Manor. County of Northampton, and the Advowson of the Church of Wittering aforesaid, late the Inheritance of Stydolph, Esquire, deceased, late Father of Stydolpli, Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ex- Royal Mines, plain a Proviso about Royal Mines in the Statute made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An

7 B Act

20* — 2iQ Novembris. A. 1691.

A person to be brought up in custody.

Aulnage

Duty.

Answer to Address.

East India Company.

Committees.

Act for Repeal of the Statute of 5 Henr. IV. against the multiplying Gold and Silver.

Ordered, That Rich. Baldwyn, in Custody of the Ser- jeant at Arms attending this House, be brought to the Bar of the House Tomorrow Morning: And that then his Petition, presented to the House, be read.

Ordered, That the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain acquaints the House, That such Members of this House who are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, had Yesterday attended his Majesty in Council, with the Address of this House, That his Majesty would be pleased to give Order, That the Confessions and Examinations of the Lord Preston, and Mr. Crone, might be laid before this House: And that his Majesty was graciously pleased to answer, That he would give Order, that the Confessions and Examinations of the Lord Preston, and Mr. Crone, shall be laid before this House.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petitions touching the East India Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Guise took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Guise reports from the said Committee, That the East India Company had made some Progress in their Defence of the Heads of Complaints against them: And that the Committee had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petitions touching the East India Trade.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

to enable the Executors and Trustees of Sir Thom. Putt, Baronet, deceased, to lease several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, during the Minority of Sir Tho. Putt, Baronet, Son and Heir of the said Sir Putt, towards the Payment of Five hundred Pounds apiece, Legacies to his Three Sisters Margaret, Ursula, and Susanna Putt, as also the Debts of the said Sir Tho. Putt, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Then a Letter, from Sir Ralph Delavall, to the Clerk of the House, was read; whereby he wrote, that he designed to be in Town, so as to attend the House, according to their Order, upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for the encouraging the Sowing of Hemp and Flax, was presented to the House; and received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Keck;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for disabling Minors to marry without the Consent of their Fathers or Guardians, and against untimely Marrying after the decease of their Fathers; and for preventing all clandestine Marriages for the future: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for One Year, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Clause was offered, in order to be referred to the said Committee.

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That it be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to disable Brewers from being Maltsters.

And it is recommended to Mr. Christie to prepare and bring in the same.

Sabbati, 21* die Novembris;

3°Gulielmi ct Mariae.

Prayer s.

A Member r H E House being acquainted, That Wm. Okeden, discharged Esquire, a Member of this House, who was sent

romcusto 3. jn (justody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for not attending the Service of the House, had surrendered himself to the Serjeant; and desired to be admitted into the House to attend the Service thereof;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Okeden be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant, paying his Fees.

Hawkers and Mr. Onslow, according to Order, presented to the Pedlars. House, a Bill for Suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Butter and

Cheese

Trade.

Malhewet*

Jumture.

Sir Robert Dovers, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for remedying the Abuses in Weighing and Packing of Butter; and also the Abuses in Making and Weighing of Cheese. And the same was received.

4

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling a Jointure of Jane the Wife of Colonel Edu ard Mathewes, Daughter of Sir Thomas Armstrong,

deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Putt’s Estate. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

The House being acquainted, that Francis Esquire, a Member of this House, who was sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, according to Order, for not attending the Service of the House, had surrendered himself to the Serjeant; and desired to be admitted into the House, to attend the Service thereof;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Fullford be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant, paving his Fees.

Then Richard Baldwyn, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, tvas, according to Order, brought to the Bar.

And his Petition, presented to the House, was read; whereby he made his humble Acknowledgment of his Fault to the House, and begged their Pardon for the same. And being asked, W ho was the Author of the Observaior He printed; he said, One Doctor TVellxvood:

And then withdrew.

And being called in again; he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Richard Baldwyn be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

A Bill for the transferring the Collection of th'e Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same, was read the Second time.

And

Intercepted

Paper*.

Hemp amt

Flax.

Clandestine*

Marriage*.

Supply Bill; Excise.

Brewers not to be Maltsters.

A Member discharged from custody.

Privilege —

A person discharged from custody.

State of tbs Nation.

Aulnage

Duty.

3 W. & M. ai° — 2 30 — 24® Novembris. 559

| Committees.

1

1

French Bay

1

Salt.

Butter and

Cheese Trade.

Hertford

Roads.

And a Debate was had thereupon.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the'Table, and a new Bill to be brought in.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Larue, 23° die Novembris;

3* Gulielmi et Maria?.

Prayers.

jfRMOND de la Bastide, Raymond de and

John William Teschemaker, took the Oaths appointed, at the Table, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill for Preserving of Two Ships Load of Bay Salt, taken as Prize, for the Benefit of the Navy, to be accounted for by the Victuallers of their Majesties Navy, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Shackerly, Sir Jervas Elwes, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Bull, Mr. Bickerstafe, Mr. Carter, Mr. Sir

Rob. Cotton, Sir John Dorrell, Sir Rich. Mr.

Willmot, Mr. Braver, Mr. Maine, Sir Sir

Tho. Darcye, Mr. Perry, Mr. Travers, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Waller, Mr. England, Mr. HutchinSir Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir Jos.Williamson, Sir Tho. Bernar-dislon, Mr. Iaitterell, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Christie, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Norries, Mr. Onslow: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the remedying the Abuses in Weighing and Packing of Butter, and also of the Abuses in Making and Weighing of Cheese,'was read the I’irst time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for reviving a former Law for the Repair of the Highways in the County of Hertford, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon This-day-seven-night in the Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

ing the Service of the House, was come into the House, without Leave, and without paying his Fees;

Ordered, That the said Sir John Moreton do pay his Fees to the Serjeant at Arms, before he sit in the House.

Ordered, That all Members, sent for in Custody of the Sereantat Arms attending this House, do forbear coming intot he House, without the Leave of the House first had.

Also he produced several other Papers; viz.

An Order from the Admiralty, dated the Thirteenth October 1669: And

Two Papers of Instructions from Admiral Russell, dated Twelfth September 1691: And

Tw'o several Orders from the Admiralty, dated Sixteenth September 1691: And

Another dated 6* Octob. 1691: And Another dated Twelfth November 1691.

All which were also read at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Orders and Instructions b« re-delivered to Sir Ralph Delaval

And they were so done.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the Letter, from the Lord Nottingham to Sir Ralph Delavall, for sending up the said Papers, be ' referred to the Committee to whom the Perusal, Translation, and Examination of the Papers taken in the French Boat, were referred.

Ordered, That the said Committee do make Report of the Matter to them referred Tomorrow Morning.

Then the House being informed, that Sir Ralph - Intercepted lavall attended, according to their Order; Papers.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, gave the House an Account touching the Papers lately taken in a French Boat, and of a Letter written to him by the Earl of Nottingham, to send up the said Papers.

The which Letter he was ordered to produce: And produced the same accordingly:

And the same was read at the Table: Dated 14 November 91: and is as followeth;

Sir,

HERE is a Report, That on board the French Packet Boat, lately taken by some Ships of your Squadron, there were found Copies of all your Orders, as well of those which you had not received, as those with which you sailed: You will oblige me with some Account of these Matters, and what Ground there is for This, which is written to several here from Portsmouth. And, if there be any such Papers, I intreat you to send me Copies of them. I am

Your most faithful humble Servant,

" Sir R. DelavallNottingham.

A Member due barged from custody.

Brewers not to be Maltsters.

Aulnagt

Duty.

Absentees not to take Seats without Leave.

The House being informed, that Wallpole, Esquire, a Member of this House, who was sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for not attending the Service of the House, had surrendered himself to the Serjeant; and desired to be admitted into the House, to attend the Service thereof;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Walpole be discharged out of Custody of the Serjeant, paying his Fees.

Mr. Christie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to disable Brewers from being Maltsters. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Clerke, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for Transferring of the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House taking Notice, that Sir John Moreton, a Member of the House, who was sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for not attend-Vol. X.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Loi-so desir* Sir John Francklyn; 1 Papers to b#

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire to have the Papers returned, returned that were delivered at the last Conference, their Lordships having present Occasion to make use of them.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will send an Answer to the Lords by Messengers of their ow-n.

And the Messengers were called in again; and ac- . quainted therewith.

Resolved, That this House, will upon Wednesday Mom- Supply, ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on a vigorous War against France, in relation to the Land Forces.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 24* die Novembris;

30 Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Francklin;

Mr.

Earl of

Ailsbury's

Estate,

Amending

Highways.

Settlement of the Poor.

Wittering Manor.

Aulnage

Duty.

Hackney

Coaches.

Private

Business.

Intercepted

Papers.

240 Novembris. 1691.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for a Twelve Years Lease, n^pde by the Earl and Countess of Ailsbury, for Payment of Debts, which was determined on their Deaths, to have Continuance absolutely for those Twelve Years: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And the Messengers withdrew.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

Mr. Bowyer reported from the Committee to whom it was referred to consider of the former Laws for Enlarging and Amending of the Highways, and of their Defects; and to prepare and bring in a Bill for the better Enlarging and Amending of the Highways, as well in Towns as Counties; That they had prepared a Bill accordingly; which they had directed him to present to the House: And which he did do. And the same was received.

Mr. Hutchinson reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to inspect the Laws relating to the Provision, Settlement, and Employment of the Poor for the Time to come, That they had prepared a Bill for the better Explanation of Two former Acts for the Settlement of the Poor, accordingly; which they had directed him to present to the House: And which he did do. And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of, and Lands in in the County of Northampton, and the Advowson of the Church

of Wittering aforesaid, late the Inheritance of Wm. dolph, Esquire, deceased, late Father of Sigismond dolph, Esquire, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Cary, Mr. Denscll Onslow, Mr. Buscaw, Mr. Onslow, Mr. St. Johns, Mr. Howard, Sir John Cutler, Sir Cha. JI Sir Hen. Winchcomb, Sir Rourch. Wray, Colonel

Sir Rob. Henley, Mr. 'Tielawny, Colonel Major cent, Mr. Hull, Sir Tho. Travel/, Sir Tito. Darcye, Mr. Christie, Mr. England, Mr. Vincent, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Hon r, Mr. Kendall, Sir John Parsons, Mr.

Mr. Foley, Sir Hen. Vane, Mr. Longton, Mr. Hunt, Mr.

W allop, Mr. Palmes, Sir Jos. Herne, Mr. Hedger, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Ryder, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Fuller, Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Key, Mr. Arnold, Sir Wm. Rich, Mr. Slier rard, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Ryder, Sir Tho. Middleton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same, be read the Second time upon Friday Aloming next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Regulating of Hackney Coaches in the Cities of London and f Vest minster.

Ordered, That no private Business be proceeded upon after Ten a Clock.

Then Colonel Granville reported from the Committee to whom was referred the Perusal, Translation, and Examination of the Papers lately taken in a French Prize, That they had made some Progress in the said Alatter; and had used and translated the said Papers; and had directed him to return the original Papers to the House: The which he brought to the Table.

Ordered, That the said original Papers be returned to the Lords, according as their Lordships desired by their Alessage Yesterday to this House.

Colonel Granville also moved, That the Committee may have Leave to sit again.

Ordered, That the said Committee do sit again on Friday next, at Four a Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Colonel Granville do carry the said Papers to the Lords. 25

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, East India resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Company, consider further of the Petitions touching the East India Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Guise took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Guise reports from the said Committee, That the East India Company had made a further Progress in their Defence to the Heads of Complaints against them:

And that the Committee had directed him to move the House, That they might have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petitions touching the East India Trade.

Then Sir Jos.Herne, the Governor of the East India Company, according to the Order of the House, delivered in several Accompts, as a State of their Stock and Debts at Home and Abroad: Which were read; and the Titles Totals, and Balances, are as followeth;

Factories at Fort St.George, and in the Bay of Bengale.

Debtors. Dead Stock. Fort St. George. Pa gods- - 93,133 9 — Quick Stock. 465,287 35 2

Bay of Bengale. Rupees - - 456,593 8 5 1,674,436 12 10

Fort St.George, & c. In Sterling AloneyZ.98,984 1 7 1 525,329:

Creditors. Fort St.George Pagods - - 93,133 3 — 465,287 35 2

Ba y of Bengale. Rupees - 456,593 8 5 1,674,436 12 10

Fort St. George, See. In Sterling AloneyZ.98,984 1 . 7 525,329

Tonquecne, and the several Factories on the Island Sumatra. Debitors. Dead Stock. Z. - - - 1,887 18 — j 36,845 15 9

Creditors. Z. - - - 1,887 18 — Surratt, and subordinate F Debitors. Surratt. Dead Stock. Rupees - 1,433,59s 33 — ! 63,845 15 9 actories. Quick Stock. 1,936,752 51 —

Susmatt. Sterling Afoney 27,736 15 6 586,920 10 3

Creditors. Surratt. Dead Stock. 1 Rupees - 1,433,59s 33 — I Quick Stock. 1,936,752 51 —

Surratt. 1 Sterling Afoney 27,736 15 6| 586,920 10 3

The East India Company for what] they have, and is owing to them > in England, are Debitors -J For the Balance of this Accompt,] which is carried in Credit of the > General Accompt -J L. 525,702 9 — 38,901 8 8

564,603 17 8

Creditor - - - 564,603 17 8

Stock

Potts

Estate*

Hawkers and Pudlars.

Raising the ▼ulue-of Unds, &c

3 W.^M. 24° — -25

Stock belonging to the / Company, both in England and India.

Debitor. Dead Stock. I Quick Stock.

L. .----- ----- 498,608 15 4 I 867,761 9 1

Creditor.

L. ----- 498,608 15 4 867,761 9 1

Besides which Stocks, the Company"! have Rents, Revenues, Duties, Cus- I toms, fyc. valuable and improving,) 27,303 4 2

though not brought in Credit of this I Accompt, amounting to - - J

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accompts

be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuri i,25* die Novembris;

3* Gulielmi et Marias.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Executors and Trustees of Sir Thom. Putt, Baronet, deceased, to lease several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, during the Minority of Sir Tho. Putt, Baronet, Son and Heir of Sir Tho. Putt, towards the Payment of Five hundred Pounds apiece Legacies to his Three Sisters, Margaret, Ursula, and Susannah Putt, as also the Debts of the said Sir Tho. Putt the Father, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chj'istie, Sir Walter Voting, Mr. Strangex Mr. Mr. Glemham, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Price, Mr. Kendall, Sir Rob. Henley, Sir John Cary, Sir Ralph Hutton, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Wilmot, Mr. Carew, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Henley, Mr. Freeman, Sir Fran. Mr. Blow-

feild, Mr. Okeden, Mr. Burdet Mr. Bromly, Sir Fra.

Guybon, Mr. Phillipps, Sir John Fowell, Sir Rob. Edon, Colonel Earle, Sir Wm.Honeywood, Mr. Arnold, Sir Guise, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Stowell, Sir Mr.

Freke, Sir Cha. Raleigh: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ons/oze, Sir Fra.Guybon, Mr. Goldwell, Mr. Mr. Glem-

ham, Mr. Will mot. Sir Thom.Darcye, Sir Edon, Mr.

Brockman, Sir Wilf.Lawson, Mr. Christie, Sir Jervas Elwes, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Thoinhaugh, Mr. Mr. Siaynes, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. jMr. Mr.

Hopkins, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Henley, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Greenfeild, Mr. Clark, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Wm. Forster, Mr. Slater, Mr. Blmvfeild, Sir Robert Henley, Sir Math.

Sir Walter Young, Mr. Irving, Sir Vernon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, to consider of the best Means for the raising the Value and Rate of Lands, and for the Suppressing of riotous Living and Debauchery, and to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred unto Colonel Sackvile, Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Papillion, Sir

Rob. Edon, Mr. Goldu ell, Mr. Mr. Glemham,

Sir John Cary, Mr. Biddulph, Sir Keymis, Mr. Perry,

Sir Jerv. Elwes, Mr. Guy, Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. Cooke, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Fra. Guybons, Mr. Thomhaugh, Mr. Christie, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Leving, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Willmot, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Travers, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Kenyon, Sir Tho, Bemardiston, Mr, Brewer,. Vor. X. '

l

NoDembriL 5

Sir John Knatchbull, Sir John Cutler, Mr. Kendall, Mr.

Palmes, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Rob. Henley, Mr. Brockman: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers.

Ordered, That Sir John Moreton be admitted into the Defaulter at

House, he having paid his Fees to the Serjeant* CaI1

House.

Air. Papillion reports from the Committee to whom French the Bill for the preserving Two Ships Loads of Bay Salt Bay Salt* taken as Prize, for the Benefit of the Navy, to be accounted for by the Victuallers to their Majesties, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and aftenvards, delivered the same in at the Table t Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time severally, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Making, and bring in a Bill, upon the Debate- of the House, for Saltpetre the making Saltpetre here in England.

And it is referred unto Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Buscarven, Sir Sam.Bemardiston,

Littleton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Piggott, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr.

Paul Foley, Sir Math. Andrewes, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Rob. Henley, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sit Ralph Dutton, Major Vincent, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Christie, Colonel Sackvile, Sir Rob. Edon, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Thom. Sir

Dorrell, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Machell, Sir Tho. Sir Tho.

Bemardiston, Mr. Travers, Sir Thom. Vernon; or any Five of them: And they are tp meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Recovery of whom the Bill for more speedy and easy Recovery of Tythegi small Tythes was committed, be made upon Friday Alorning next.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords* Oath of to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for the abro- Supremacy, gating the Oath of Supremacy, in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Alorning next.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying. . a vigorous War against France, in relation to the Land Forces.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Couv-mittee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee,

That they had agreed upon sevetal Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Pay of the Officers and Soldiers to be employed in Ireland for the Year 1692, be in the like Manner and Proportions as the same was in the Reign of King Charles the Second.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Twelve thousand Nine hundred and Sixty Alert, , which, his Majesty has been pleased to signify, are intended to be continued in Ireland for the Year 1692, do consist of Officers and Soldiers making up that Number.-

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Pay of the Officers. and Soldiers to be employed in Ireland for the

7 C v i Yea*

Supply.

35* — 2 70 Novembris. 1691.

Year 1692, be in the like Manner tad Proportions aS the same was in the Reign of King Charles the Second.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution; That the Twelve thousand Nine hundred and Sixty Men, which his Majesty has been pleased to signify are intended to be continued in Ireland for the Year 1692, do consist of Officers and Soldiers making up that Number.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That a Committee may be appointed, to consider, What the Charge of the Army in Ireland will be, for the Year 1692; and how far that Kingdom can contribute towards the Support of that Charge.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider, "What the Charge of the Army in Ireland will be, for the Year 1692; and how far that Kingdom can contribute towards the Support of that Charge.

And it is referred unto Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Tho.

C/arges, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. SivCha. J

Mr. Bale, Mr. Trelatcny, Lord Ranelagh, Sir Bloys,

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Mountague, Lord Sir Robert Cotton, Major Vincent, Mr. Culliford, Mr.

Sir Tho. Littleton, Lord Fitzharding, Sir JVm. Strickland, Lord Paxclet, Sir Rob. Henley, Mr. Carter, Colonel Erie,

Mr. Tilney, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bertie,

Sir Hen. Joh?ison, Mr. Glcmham, Mr. Caty, Sir Cary,

Mr. Herbert, Mr. Luttercll, Mr. Chela Sir Rich. Reynell, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Colonel Mr.

Fo.v, Lord Brandon, Mr. Harley, Sir JVm. Forrester, Mr. Leving, Mr. Foley, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Parkhurst, Sir Steph. Fox, Sir Tho.

Bernardiston, Sir Tho. Tayler, Mr. And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. '

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Number of the Land Forces, which his Majesty has been pleased to signify he thinks necessary to be continued in England, Scotlatid, and the West Indies, and to be transported beyond the Seas, for the Service of the Year 1692, including the Officers, may be laid before the House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Number of the Land Forces, which his Majesty has been pleased to signify he thinks necessary to be continued in England, Scotland, and the West Indies, and to be transported beyond the Seas, for the Service of the Year 1692, including the Officers, be laid before the House.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That an Estimate of the Charge of the General Officers, with the Number of them, and their Pay, and the Charge of the Hospitals, and Train of Artillery, and Garisons, for the Service of the Year 1692, may be laid before the House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the General Officers, with the Number of them, and their Pay, and the Charge of the Hospitals, and Train of Artillery, and Garisons, for the Service of the Year 1692, be laid before the House.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Hire of the Transport Ships, and other Charges of Transportation, for the Service of the Year 1692, may be laid before the House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Hire of the Transport Ships, and other Charges of Transpor-. tation, for the Service of the Year 1692, be laid before the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Ranelagh, the Officers of the Ordnance, and the Commissioners of the Navy, do respectively lay the said Estimates before this House.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That the said Committee might have Leave to sit again.

»9

Resolved, That the House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*

And theri the House adjourned till Friday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris,27* die Novembris,

3* Gulielmi et Maria*.

P It A T E tt S.

ABILL for Registering of Servants that shall go to Plantation the Plantations, pursuant to Letters Patents granted Servants, for that Purpose, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Palmes,

Sir John Fagg, Mr. Christie, Mr. Mr.

Sir John Moretm, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Tho/nhaugh, Mr.

Stockdale, Sir Tho. Hussey, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr.

Mr. Sherrard, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr.

White, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Gray,

Mr. Brewer, Mr. Waller, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Hautry,

Lord Colchester, Major Mr. Travers, Sir Thomas

Darcye, Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. England, Mr. Slater, Sir Peter Colleton, Mr. Preston, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Carter, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Hedger, Sir Jonath.

Jennings, Mr. Clerke: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Ralph Bueknall, and Richard Goodall, Making, on Behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the Saltpetr* making Saltpetre, was read; setting forth, That they are Assignees to a Patent granted to Andrew Parry,

Esquire, and others, for the sole exercising the Invention of making Saltpetre, in great Quantities, for Fourteen Years: And the Petitioners have been making great Preparations for the same, to their great Charge: And having brought the same to great Perfection, whereby they are capable to supply their Majesties with great Quantities of the best of Saltpetre, at as reasonable Prices as any others can pretend to do; and in the Making thereof do not dig up, or come upon any other Man's Ground; and finding Leave is given to bring in a Bill to make Saltpetre; and praying the y may be heard, to make out their Right to the same; and that they may proceed in making Saltpetre, as by their Letters Patents they are enabled by Law to do.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the making Saltpetre here in England.

A Petition of, James Wellxcood, Doctor in Physick, in Privilege-Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was read; acknow- Petition from ledging his Offence to the House; and humbly praying 10

to be discharged of his Imprisonment, CUil° *v*

Ordered, That Dr. Wellxcood, be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- r.ondon mon Council of the City of London, was read; setting Orphans, forth, That by the many Losses of the said.City, in and since the Reign of King Charles the First, their Debts to the Orphans amount to a greater Sum than they are able to pay, without the Assistance of the House: That, after many Considerations of the best Ways of satisfying the said Debts, as far as possible, without destroying the Government of the City, the Petitioners have agreed in Common Council, That Eight thousand Pounds per Annum shall be charged upon the Lands, and all other the Estate belonging to the said City, towards paying the Orphans Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum: And humbly imploring the Compassion and Assistance of this House in their Necessities, for the raising and settling a

sufficient

Deer-

stealers.

Transport

Debt.

br. Jaite thanked.

East India Company.

Ditto.

3 W. &M. 27°* — 28° Novembris. 563

sufficient Fund for an annual Payment to ljje made, in lieu of the said Debts, or such other Provision for the same, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Belief of the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Discovery and Punishment of Deer-stealers.

Mr. Perry reports from the Committee to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of a great Number of their Majesties Subjects, employed in their Majesties Transport Service, was referred; and to report their Opinions therein; That they had examined and considered the Matter to them referred: And that, after having heard the Parties, and read a Commission under the Great Seal, granted to one Mr. John , for re-

admeasuring the said Transport Ships, the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the particular Methods for Measuring of Transport Ships, directed in their Majesties Commission to Mr. John Bmcles, dated the Thirtieth Sept. 1690; viz. by

multiplying the Length of the Keel into the main Breadth of the Ship, taken from Outside to Outside; and the Product of That by the half Breadth; then dividing the Product of the Second Multiplication by Ninety-four, whereby the Number of Tons sought for shall be found in the Quotient; ought to have been the Rule for measuring the said Ships; and no other.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. John Borides has varied from the Rules pie-scribed to him by their Majesties Commission for measuring the Transport Ships taken into their Majesties Service, by deducting for Rake; . by which there will happen to be a considerable Abatement, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears to the Committee there is Three hundred nine thousand Nine hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings due for Transport Sendee, from the Twentieth June 1689, the Fourth of October 1691.

_ And a Debate arising upon the said Report;

Ordered, That the said Debate be adjourned.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Doctor Jane, Dean of Gloucester, for the Sermon preached by him Yesterday before this House at 1Vest minster: And that he be desired to print the same: And that Sir Jos. Trcdcnham and Mr, Travel's do acquaint him therewith.

Widows, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and their fatherless Children, may, in Probability, happen to suffer very great Damage, if not a total Ruin of their Estates, and of the Estates of their said Children, if any Alteration Should be made of the present joint Stock of the East India Company; without Provision be first made for the Security of their Estates, and d-ue Consideration had '

of their several different Interests and Settlements upon the said growing Stock of that Company.: Which, the Petitioners humbly hope, the House will think the more reasonable and necessary, because several of them have already deeply suffered by the Failure of the Chamber of London: And praying the House would take their distressed Case into Consideration; and to admit their Cases to be represented to this fiouse by their Counsel; to the end the Petitioners may be relieved.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the further Consideration of the Petitions touching the East India Trade, is referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- State of the ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- ^atlon* mittee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee bf Alborough Privileges and Elections, touching tire Election for the Election. Borough of Alborough in the County of Suffolk, be made upon Tuesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Chipenham Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Election. Borough of Chipenham in the County of Middlesex, be made upon Tuesday Morning next, after the Report touching the Election for Alborough.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Ea8t jn(j;a resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Company, consider further of the Petitions touching the East India Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Guise took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Guise reports from the said Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of the said Petitions; and had directed him to move the House for Leave for the said Committee to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of tire Petitions Concerning the East India Trade.

A Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House.

And the Petitioners were called in to the Bar; and there owned the same:

And being withdrawn;

The Petition was read; setting forth, That they are informed, That by the Heads delivered in against the East India Company, some ... Complaints against Armenians trading to those Parts: And do therefore represent to the House, That, since the War with France, they have sold but few Cloths for remote Countries; but the chiefest Employment they have had in their Trade hath been by Cloths bought by the Armenians: And praying, That this House would not discountenance so great an Advantage to this Nation, as this profitable Trade is, to the Discouragement of all Enlargement of Trade, and of so many hundred Families, who are employed in this Manufacture.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole Hou&e, to whom the Consideration of the Petitions touching the East India Trade, is referred. "

A Petition of Anne Jolliffe, Widow of John Jolliffe, Merchant, deceased, Judith Gold, Widow, Alice Dogged, Widow, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Vox- X,

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbat in 28* die Novembris;

30 Gulielmi et Maria?.

Pratirs.

ORDERED, That Henry Mannaton, Esquire, a Defaulter at Member of this House, in Custody of the Serjeant at Call of the Arms for not attending the Service of the House, be ad- House-mittedinto tire House, having paid his Fees to the Serjeant.

A Bill to enable Wnt. Davile to sell some Lands, for Davile’s Payment of Debts, was read the Second time. Estate.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tb Mr. Christie,

Sir Tho. Bernardiston, Sir Jervas Elxces, Mr. Cooke, Sir

Robert Davers, Major Vincent, Sir Rob. Edon, Sir Tho.

Darcy, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Biddotph, Mr. Bromley, Sir Rob.

Cotton, Sir Sam. Bernardiston, Mr. Blmcfeild, Sir. Gold-well, Mr. England, Sir Wrh. Cook, Sir Cha. Wyndham,

Mr. Slater, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Heiiley, Mr.

Parker, Mr. Baddingfeild, Mr. Lcving, Mr. Kenyon, Mr.

fryrc’s

Estate.

Mountague’s

Estate.

Butter and

Cheese

Trade.

Recovery of Tythes.

Dover

Harbour.

5^4

Clerke, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. May, Sir John Fagg: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Anth. Eyre, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner settled divers Lands in Cheshire on Trustees to himself for Lite; then for a Term of Ninety-nine Years; and afterwards to his First and other Sons by Arm his Wife; Remainder to his right Heirs: That the 6aid Term, by Decree 34 Car. IIil* was assigned to the Petitioner, to enable him to pay Debts: That the Petitioner is seised of an Estate, in Fee, in Lincolnshire, equivalent in Value to That in Cheshire: And that it will be of great Advantage to the Petitioner’s Children to have the Lincolnshire Estate settled, that it may come to them immediately after his Death, in lieu of the Cheshire Estate; which cannot come to them till after the said Term of Ninety-nine Years: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to sell the Estate in Cheshire to pay Debts, and to settle the Estate in Lincolnshire to the same Uses.

Resolved, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And they are to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Hart, Sir Rob. Henley, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Mr. Hawtry,

Mr. Chelwyn, Mr. By got, Sir Rob. Havers, Mr.

Mr. England, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Mr. Henley,

Major Vincent, Sir JVm. Langham, Mr. Mr. Lulterell, Sir Jercas Elwes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Munnaton, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Biddolph: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Adam Ottley;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the vesting and settling divers Lands in Gloucestershire in Trustees, to be sold for the paying the remaining Portions to the Children of Geo. Mountague, Esquire, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for remedying the Abuses in Weighing and false Packing of Butter, and also of the Abuses in Making and Weighing of Cheese, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolkc, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Cooke, Sir Rob. Henley, Mr. Glcmham, Sir Sam. diston, Mr. Goldtveil, Sir Rob. Rich', Mr. Carter, Sir Jercas Elwes, Mr Thornhaugh, Mr. Mr

Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Henley, Mr Mr. Christie, Sir

Tho. Bemardiston, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Norreys, and all the Members that serve for the City of London, and Counties of Nor-folke, Suffolke, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report, from the Committee to whom the Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Tythes, was committed, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Freemen of the Town and Port of Dover, and of several of the Gentry inhabiting in the County of Kent, was read; setting forth, That the said Port is so advantageous to the Kingdom, that ever since King Hen. the Eighth’s Reign, it has been the Care of the Publick to make Provision for maintaining thereof, particularly 14 Car. II. An Act was made for raising a Duty for Seven Years for that Purpose: But, by the Neglect of the Trustees, the Act proved ineffectual: That the said Harbour may prove very serviceable to the Kingdom in Time of War, and prove a great Shelter for

14

1691*

Ships in Storms: But that, for want of Maintenance, the Harbour is now almost choaked up, and the Timber Work much damnified; and, without some speedy Relief, will be inevitably lost, to the Ruin of the Town, and

geat Detriment of the Kingdom: And praying the onsideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And it is recommended to the Barons of the said Port to prepare and bring in the same.

Mr. Brewer, according to Order, presented to the Deer-House a Bill for the better Discovery and Punishment stealere* of Deer-stealers.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Colonel Granvile, according to Order, presented to the Hackn*y House a Bill for the Regulating of Hackney Coaches. Coaches. And the same was received.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Bickerstajfe, Sir Tho. Travell, Mr. making Price, Mr. Paul Foley, Colonel Co Sir IVm. Basset, Saltpetre.

Mr. Speccot, Mr. Onslow, Sir Peter Colliton, be added to the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the Making of Saltpetre here in England.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, presented to Ordnance the House an Estimate of the Charge of the War in the Estimate. Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1692;

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

An Estimate of the Charge of the War in the Office of their Majesties Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1692; viz.

Arms, $c. for recruiting the Army,' supposing it consists of Sixty-five thousand Men; as likewise a Proportion of spare Arms with the same Ammunition for the like Number of Men -

Tents necessary for supplying the Arm The Charge of cleaning and repairing Arms, Armour, and other Stores The Charge of providing a Train of Artillery and Mortars, together with Bombs, Carcases, Shot, Waggons,

Harness, Working Materials, and all other Necessaries for the same The Charge of the proper Officers, Ministers and Attendants necessary for the said Train for One Year; as likewise for the Providing and Keeping of Draught Horses, and other Contingencies -The Charge of keeping, in the present Condition they now are, their Majesties Forts, Castles, and Garisons; with Platforms and Carriages thereto belonging; and supplying the Barracks withBedding, and Expence of Gunners Stores

£. 254,608 16 3

Memorandum

28® Novembrts.

£ s- d.

44,773 4 5

15,080-----

ly 11,142 18 6 I 8,000-----

110,000 —

50,000-----

> 15,61

2 13 4

3W.tf M.

28’ Novembris.

565

Memorandum: There is no Regard had in this Calcu- sider of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for lation to the Charge of transporting any of the Stores carrying on a vigorous War against France. above mentioned; That being in the Care of another

The Lord Ranelagh, according to Order, presented to Army the House a List of the General Officers, and their Pay; and also an Abstract of the Establishment of their Majesties Garisons: And the same were read; and are as followeth;

Office, particularly appointed for that Purpose. John Charleton.

Tho. Littleton. Wm. Boulter.

Ordered, That the Consideration thereof be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to con-

Per D £. s. d.

6-----

6 -

24

10 —

4-----

A LIST of the General Officers, and their Pay.

Comte de Solmes, General of the Foot -

Duke of Leinster, General of the Horse -

Six Lieutenant Generals, viz. Earl of Oxford, Earl of Marlbrough, Monsieur"! Overkirque, Earl of Portland, Duke Schomberg, and Hugh Mackay, at Four

Pounds per Diem - - -J

Five Major Generals, viz. CountNassaw, Monsieur Zuylesteyn, Marquis Ruvigny,!

Colonel Trelawney, and Colonel Talmash, at Two Pounds per Diem each -j One Lieutenant General of the Danes, the Duke of Wirtenberg -Two Major Generals more of the Danes, viz. Marquis de la Forest, and Monsieur Tettan, at Two Pounds a Day -

Thirteen Brigadiers, viz. Colonel Maine, Lord Fitzharding, Colonel Churchill,'

Colonel la Meloniere, Colonel Stewart, Sir John Hanmer, Sir Hen. Bellasis,

Colonel Villiers, SirThom. Levingston, ColonelLeveson, Monsieur de Lestrange, "

Colonel Ramsay, and Prince of Hesse, at One Pound Ten Shillings per Diem

Two Adjutant Generals, at One Pound each....

Quarter Master General, Monsieur Scravenmore, at One Pound a Day; and!

Two Assistants, at Ten Shillings a Day ----- .-J

Paymaster General, Earl Ranelagh -

Commissary General of the Musters, Earl of Suffolke, and Thirteen Deputies Secretary at War, Mr. Blathwayt -

Judge Advocate, Mr. Clerke, lor himself and Deputies -Physician General, Doctor Hutton - - — 10

Surgeon General, Mr. Van Loen - — 10

Apothecary General, Mr. Teale - - - — 10

Provost Marshal General, Captain Robinson, for himself Eight Shillings: and for"!

Twenty-four Men at Three Shillings a Day each, Three Pounds Twelve > 4 —

Shillings - - - " - -J-

2---

2 ——

1 —

7 9 3 —

l 12

Per Annum.

s.

2,100

2,190

— 8,760 — —

3,650-----

1,460-----

— 1,460-----

19 10 — 7, a 17 10

730-----

— 1

730

365

2,725

,095

593

J82

182

182

6 8

2 6 10 — 10 — 10 —

1,460-----

96 1 10 35,073 9

ABSTRACT of the Establishment of his Majesty's

Garisons.

Per Diem. £. s. d. Per Annum. £. s. d.

Berwick - 2 14 3t 990 9 2

Carlisle - - — *9 346 15 —

Chepstowe - — 3 — 54 15 —

Chester - - — 15 — 273 15 —

Cinque Ports - - 3 16 51 i,395 15 —

Clifford’s Fort - 6 109 10 —

Calshot Castle - — 7 6 136 17 ’6

Dartmouth - — 9 — 164 5 —

Guernsey - 1 4 5t 446 —

Gravesend and Tilbury - 3 3 1,166 17 6

Hull and the Blockhouse - 2 18 3t 1,063 9 2

Holy Island - - — 3 54 15 —

Hurst Castle - - — 7 6 136 17 6

Jersey Island - - 1 6 5i 482 10 —

Landguard Fort - — 10 — 182 10 —

St. Mawes - — 3 — 54 15 —

Pendennis Castle Plimouthand St. Nicholas fl 3 16 5i 295 10

Island j 5 9i 1,200 0 8

Portland Castle — 9 2 167 5 10

Portsmouth - 4 12 3F 1,683 *9 2

Sheemfesse - 2 13 6 976 7 6

Scilly Island - - — 10 — 182 10 —

Scarbrough Castle - - — 5 1QL 107 5 —

Tinmouth Castle - 1 6 — 474 10 —

Tower of London - - 5 16 9i 2,131 10 10

Virginia - 1 12 »o* 600 — —

Upnor - - 1 2 — 401 10 —

Windsor - 1 — — 365 — —

North Yarmouth - — 6 — 109 10 —

Isle of Wight -St. James’s Park Gunners Vol. X. - 3 9 ioi 1,275 12 6

m 7 6 136 l7 6

Firemaster and Drum"! , 0

Major- - -f — 4 7* 15 —

47 5 4F J7,252 4 3

Allowed by the present"!

Establishment fori- 38-----13,870 ——

Contingencies -J ——

£ 85 5 4t 31,122 4 3

Out of which Sum there is really paidj

for Fire and Candle for the above > 2,767 7 lOf

Garisons - - - - -J

And to the j English and French Pen-1

sioners, according to Lists signed > 4,668 13 3

by his Majesty - - - -J

So that what remains to answer Contingencies is but Six thousand Four hundred Thirty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpeny, after the De- ductious of the aforesaid Two Sums.

Ordered, That the Consideration thereof be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, is referred.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, is referred, That the Number of the Land Forces which his Majesty has been pleased to signify he thinks necessary to be continued in England, Scotland, and the West Indies, and to be transported beyond the Seas for the Service of the Year 1692, do consist of private Soldiers, not including Officers, making up that Number;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

7 D

S66

iS° — 30® ffiovembris.

Oath of Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords Supremacy to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for the abrogating in Ireland, the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths, be taken into Consideration on Monday Mo next

loming

Supply. Then the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, was read.

And the Question being put, That the Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

A, 1691>.

atnd Hereditaments, during the Mmbrityof 'frh^mdsP'utt,

Baronet, Son and Heir1'of Sir Thofnas Putt, towircfe the Payment of Five hundred Pounds apiece Legacies to his Three Sisters; Mhrgaret, Urjula, and Susaithd Putt, as also the Debts of the said Sir ThOrhas Putt the Father, was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, without any Amendments.

Doctor Wellwood was, according to Order, brought to Privilege —

the Bar; where, upon his Knees, he received a Repri- B Per!0Q mand from Mr. SpCafcer. SoSSdv

Ordered, That the said Doctor be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.'

State of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom-Nation. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

A person in Ordered, That Doctor in Custody of the

discharged. Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be brought to the Bar of this House on Monday Morning next, in order to his Discharge.

Hawkers and Ordered, That Sir Tho. Samuell, Colonel Perry, Sir Pedlars. JVm. Pritchard, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Jam. Mr.

Rudge, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Edw. Philipps, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for Suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars, is committed.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for the making a Twelve Years Lease made by the Earl Ailesbury* and Countess of Ailesbury, for Payment of Debts, which Estate‘ was determinable on their Deaths, to have Continuance absolutely for those Twelve Years, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Christie,

Mr. Colt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Piggott, Sir Henry Sir

Rob. Henley, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Knight, Mr.

Goldzvell, Mr. Arnold, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr.

Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr.

Done, Mr. Burdet, Major Vincent, Marquis Worcester,

Sir7%o. Clargis, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Hcrwtry, Mr. Cary,

Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Anchitell Gray, Sir Tho. distqn, Sir Sam. Bemardiston, Mr; Gray, Sir John Morelon, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. lVillmott,

Mr. Hedger, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Cooke, Colonel Perry, Sir Wm. TVhitlock, Sir Jervas Sir Bow-

chier Wray, Mr. Ratidoll, Sir Orlando Gee: And they are to meet this Afternoon fit Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, SO* die Novembris;

30 Gulielmi et Maria?.

Prayers.

TJ E NR Y de Mcssue de Ruvigny, Renatus Jortin, Jacob Van Flierden, and Anna

Louise Hinderson, took the Oaths, in order to their Naturalization.

Wittering Sir Fran. Vincent reports from the Committee to whom

Manor. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Manor and Lands of Wittering in the County of Northampton, and the Advowson of the Church of Wittering aforesaid, late the Inheritance of William Stydolph, Esquire, deceased, late Father of Si-gismond Stydolph, Esquire, was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, without any Amendments: The which he delivered in at the Table.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House has agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Defaulter at Ordered, That John Pollexfen, Esquire, a Member of

ItoiLe^thC ^1,s House, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for not U1*‘ attending the Service of the House, be admitted into the House, having paid his Fees to the Serjeant

Debtors Ordered, That Leave be given tp bring in a Bill for

Escapes. the better Relief of Creditors, and preventing Escapes.

Putt’s Estate. Mr. Christie reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Executors and Trustees of Sir Tho. Putt, Baronet, deceased, to lease several Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Oath of proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, SuPrea^y made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for m re an the abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths.

And the same were once read throughout; and are as followeth; viz.

Skin 5, Line 15, leave out " of the Church of land.r

Skin 8, Line 3, after " Factory," add " or to any Chaplains in their Majesties Service by Sea or Land out of the Kingdom of Ireland."

Skin last, Line 26, after " notwithstanding," add the Clauses marked A; and leave out the End of the Bill.

Clauses A.

"That all Persons in any Ecclesiastical Office or Promotion in Ireland, that shall be in England the First Day of Hilary Term 91, shall take thp Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration, before the End of that Term; and do the same again in Ireland before Twenty-fifth July 1692, on the Penalties of Deprivation, and being made incapable of any such their Employments, Offices, or Salaries."

That the Act shall not extend to the Persons who,

Third October 91, were inhabiting in any Garison then in the Hands of the Irish; but they are to make their Claims of Right before the End of Michaelmas Term then next."

" That Two or more Justices in Ireland may, by Warrant, summon any Person above Eighteen before them, to take the aforesaid Oath; and on Refusal, may commit such Person, without Bail or Mainprize, for Three Months, unless such Person pay down Forty Shillings for the First Default; and Imprisonment of Six Months, or Payment of Ten Pounds, for the Second; and be bound over to the next Quarter Sessions; where, if. such Person persist in Refusal, , he shall incur the Penalties of Premunire."

Then the Two First Amendments were read a Second tim?; ai)d, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed unto by the House.

And the Third Amendment, by adding Clauses A to the Bill, was, as to the First Paragraph thereof, read a

Second

Publick

Revenue.

Hertford

Roads*

Supply.

3 W. & M. 3 o" Noxeembris,- r Decembris-

Second, time, and Third time; -and, upop the Question put thereupon,' agreed unto by the Home.

Then the Two subsequentProvisoes, beaming Press 3. Line 3, and ending Press 4, Line 7, were read a Second time.

And the Question being put, -That the House, do agree-with the Lords in the Amendment, as to the apid Provisoes;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the last Paragraph in the said Clause was read a Second time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made by adding a Clause, or Proviso; which was delivered in at the Table, and twice read, as followeth;

"That It shall be sufficient for every ProtestantDissenter, called Quaker, upon producing a Certificate from Six of sufficient Persons of their Congregation, owning such Person for one of them, to make and subscribe the Declaration in the Proviso;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out the Word " Protestant" throughout;

Which was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the said Paragraph.

Then the said Paragraph, so amended, was read the Third time.

Resohed, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended.

Then the last Amendment, to leave out from Line 26, in the last Press of the Bill; which was, That the said Act Should not be dispensed with by any Warrants, or Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England or Ireland, was read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, Why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

And it is referred unto S\rTko. Clarges, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Hamden, Sir Jos. Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Leving, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Rich.

Reynell, Mr. Mountague, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir JValttr

Young, Lord Rarvleigh, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Hmv, Lord Digby, Sir Edw.Seymour, Colonel

Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Peter Colleton, Sir Rob. Henley, Sir Rob. Cotton: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Then the House was acquainted from the Commissioners for taking the publick Accompts, That they had prepared a State of the Incomes and Issues of the publick Revenue from the Fifth November 1688, to Michaelmas last, with their Observations thereupon, to be laid before the House at such Time as the House Should appoint.

Ordered, That the said State and Observations be laid before the House Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for reviving a fanner Law for Repair of the Highways in the County of Hertford.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted tp their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War epinst France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took thd Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move the House,

Vol.X.

That a, Committee be appointed tp consider of the List of the Forces, as to such of1 them as his Majesty has been pleaded to signify he thinks necessary to be continued in England, Scotland, and jth efVand to be transported beyond the Seas for the Service of the Year i 692; and also of the List of the General Officers;’ and the Estimate of the Ordnance; and of the Abstract of the Establishment of the Garisons; and to report their Opinions therein to the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the List of the Forces, as to such of them as his Majesty has been pleased to signify he thinks necessary to be continued in England, Scotland, and th indies, and tp, be transported beyond the Seas, for the Service of the Year 92; and also the List of the General Officers; and the Estimate of the Establishment of the Garisons; and to, report their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Combury, Mr. Harley, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Foley, Lord Casileton, Mr. Crzvyn, Sir Jervas Ebwes, Sir John Guise, Mr. Glanville, Sir Rich.

Onslow, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Jo Barker, Sir bon, Lord Colchester, Sir Sam. Bemardiston, Lord Brandon, Mr. Goldwell, Lord Fitzharding, Sir JVm. Forrester, Lord Ranelagh, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. White, Lord Falkland, Sir John Colonel Churchill, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Lowther. Colonel Godfrey, S'aWm. Ellis, Major General Trelawny. Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Rob. Henley, Sir JVm. Cooke, Lorq Eland, Sir Peter Colleton, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr.

Major Perry, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Mr.

Stanley, Mr. Cary, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Maine, Mr. Til-ney, Sir Tho. Samwell, Colonel Trelajony: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That the Committee may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Transportation do bring to this House, Tomorrow Morning, an Estimate of the Charge of the Hire of the Transport Ships and other Charges of Transportation, for the Service of the Year 1692.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 1* die Decembris;

3* Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

THE House was acquainted, That Nicholas Glyn, Esquire, a Member of this House, who was ordered to be committed to the Serjeant at Arms for not attending the Service of the House, is very ill; and so has been for some time; and that the same is so certified by the Mayor of Bodmyn his Physician.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Glyn have a Month’s time given him to come up to attend the Service of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Executory and Trustees of Sir Tho. Putt, Ba^opet, deceased, to lease several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, during the Minority of Sir Thp- Putt, Baronet, Son and Heir of the said Sir Tho. Putt, towards the Payment of Fiye hundred Pouqds apiece Legacies to his Three Sisters, Margaret, Ursula, and Susanna P^t, as also the Debts of the said Sir

Pi{U the Father, was reafi the Third time.

Resolved,

Ways and Mtans.

Transport

Service.

Defaulter at Call, excused by illness.

Putt's Estate.

y

568 '1* Decembris. . A. i6ai.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be agreed to.

Oraered, That Mr. Christie do cecity the Bill to the lords; and acquaint theui that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Mathew*' ' An ingrossed JJill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Jointur*. fbi1 settling a Jointure upon Jane the "Wife of Colonel

Echoard Matheuees, Daughter, of Sir deceased, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Sam. Ber-na’rdiston, Mr. Bloufeild, Mr. Sir

drewes, Mr.' Gzvyn, Mr. Piggot,' Sir Francis Blake, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Slater, SirJem Colonel Godfrey, Sir Rob. Davers, Lord Major Vincent, Sir:

Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Biddulph Mr. Christie, Sir Tho. Bernardiston, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Colt, Mr. Granville, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. England, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Owen, Mr. Ash, Mr. Cle Henley, Mr. Mr. Arnold, and all the Members that serve for South Wales: And they dre to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tythe of A Bill for the encouraging the Sowing of Hemp and

Hemp and Flax, was read the Second tinhel ax* Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Dorrell, Sir Sam.Bernardiston, Mr. Lord Falkland, Sir

Robert Davers, Mr. Ash, Mr. Slater, Mr. Lord

Digby, Sir Edrc. Hussey, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Foley, Sir Jervas Elit es, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Blowfeild, Sir Jonath. Jennings, Mr. White, Sir Fran. Blake, Sir John Carew, Sir Honeywood, Sir Edw.

Philips, Sir Wm. Yorke, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Waller, Sir Tho. Bernardiston, Mr. England, Major Beake, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Phil. Foley, Colonel Granville, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr. HutchinsonAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Royal Mines. The Lord Digby according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the explaining a Proviso touching Royal Mines, in the Statute, made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for Repeal of the Statute of .5 Hen.IV. against the multiplying Gold and Silver: And the same was received.

Aulnage A Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of

Duty. Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving a Recompence

to the Crown for the same, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Lord Marquis Worcester, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Chctzeyn, Mr. White, Mr. Onslozv, Sir Bloys, Mr. Champneyes, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Wilfnot, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Rob. Henley, ^r John Barker, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Slater, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr.

Goldwell, Mr. Ash, SirSam.Bernardiston, SitWalterYoung, Mr. Blowfeild, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Clarke, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr.

Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Osbourne, Sir Fran. Blake, Sir Elwes, Sir Fran. Vincent, Sir Mompesson, Mr. Haxo-try, Mr. Femcick, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Henley, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Travers, Mr.. Mayne, Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Christie, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Breretm, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Cary: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That they hear the Lord as to his Right; and

consider of a Clause on his Behalf.

Ditto. APetition of George Hase, and others, was read; setting

forth, That they, being Makers of Worsted Stuffs in Norwich, have been strangely oppressed by the Farmers of the Duty of Aulnage, in their Demands and Seizures, for* want of Payment of Duties by them imposed: which, by a Committee of this House, the last Session, was declared to be illegal; and that the said Worsted and Norwich Stuffs were not liable, by any Law, to the Payment of the Duty

or Subsidy of Aulnage; And the House thereupon ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the Abuses of Aulnage in general: Whereupon the Aulnagera ceased to collect the Duty for above Twelve Months:

But then, taking the Advantage of an Interval of Parliament, they again demanded and made Seizures for the Duty: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Customhouse, and giving a Recompence to the Crown- for the same, is committed.

Ordered, That Wm. Williams, Esquire, have Leave to Denbigh withdraw his Petition, and the Petition of the Inhabitants Election> of Denbeighy, touching the Election for the Borough of Denbeigh.

Mr. Herbert, according to Order, presented to the Woollen House a Bill for the better Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture. Manufacture: And the same was received.

A Bill for the better Explaining of Two former Acts for the Settlement of the Poor, was read the First time. 1 °°r*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, according to the Order of the Day, reports from the Committee of Privileges and ec lon’ Elections, to whom tha Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Chippenham in the County of Wills, was referred, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: The which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followed 1; viz.

That, upon the Petition of Sir Humphry complaining of an undue Return of Sir Basil to serve

for the Borough of Chippenham;

That the Right of Election appeared to be in the Occupiers of certain ancient Houses, called Free Houses, or Burgage Houses; of the Names of which Persons, both Men and Women, a Register has been used to be kept in the said Town.

So that the Question was, Whether the Sitting Member or the Petitioner had the Majority of those Freemen, or Occupiers of those Burgage Houses.

That the Election was on the Ninth December: And, on the Eighth December, one Wm. Hobbs came, and demanded of the Town Clerk a List of such Persons as had a Right to elect: Which List the said Hobbs produced.

That Wm. Hobbs, Gabrieli Gouldney, Wm. Scott, and Gabrieli Norreyes, testified, That the List was delivered

by the-Town Clerk, and agreed to by the Bailiff and Burgesses.

And Gouldney delivered in a Poll: Which he said he had taken for his own Satisfaction':

And said, That, of those in the List delivered by the

Town Clerk, Sir Bazill Firebrass had Fifty-two; and Sir Humph. Edwyn Fifty-six.

That, on Behalf of the Sitting Member, was produced Thom. Webb, Town Clerk; Mr. Lord, the then Bailiff; Who testified, That a Common Hall was called to agree the Electors: But, several Objections being made of both Sides, the Bailiff ordered,. That a List Should be given of all that claimed a Right; and afterwards, Should be submitted to a Scrutiny.

That, the Poll being ended, a Scrutiny was demanded; and the Bailiff agreed to be the proper Judge.

That, upon the Scrutiny, Four that voted for Sir Humphry; viz. Wm. Russell, John Jones, Henry Short, and John Starr: were disallowed, as not being Householders: And. they being struck out, the Numbers, upon the Poll, were thus;

For Sir Baz. Firebrass - - 53.

For -Sir Humph. Edwyn - - 52.

That thereupon the Petitioners endeavoured to justify those Votes; and calledMr. Hobbs: Who said, Russell had voted in Four Elections: That Jones had voted in Two or Three Elections: And that Short had been called to

vote

Chippenham

Election.

3W.tf M.

i° Decembris.

vote in Two or Three Elections: But Himself refused to vote:

And endeavoured to disqualify the following Voters for Sir Bazill.

That Mr. Hobbs, and Mr. Scott, testified, That Rolls lived with his Daughter;

That Wiltshire lived with his Father;

That Poncer lived with his Mother;

That Nash lived with his Mother;

That West lived with his Mother;

That Barnes lived out of Town;

That Lake, the Vicar, did not live in any free House;

That Gurgevillcame in the Night before the Election;

That Hebb lived in a Stable;

That Fisher rented a free House; but lived in a House that was not free:

That the Votes of the first Four, struck out at first by the Bailiff, were disqualified, as not Housekeepers, by the said Lord, JVebb, and Chappell.

That Webb and Chappell likewise testified, That the other Persons objected against by the Petitioners were Housholders; so that That Matter seemed to depend upon the Credit of the Witnesses: Only as to Gurgevill, the Question wras, Whether he had a legal Possession; it being said, He came in but the Night before the Election: But he continued for a Quarter of a Year after; and pit, that had been in before him, had been in but a Week,

That there was also other Evidence; viz.

That Chappell and Hodges testified. That Sir Hum. Edwyn had promised to give Hobbs a^ood Place; and that he was engaged to give him his Vote: And that Sir Hum. came into Gage's House, and saluted his Wife, and put a Guinea into her Hand; and promised Gage next Opportunity, he Should be a Gauger: And thereupon Gage promised to do his Business: And that, after the Election, Sir Humfry bid his Man give Serle some Money: Which his Man did accordingly.

That Robert Taylor, a Boy of Nineteen or Twenty Years of Age, said, His Uncle had Thirty Shillings to vote for Sir Humphry.

That for the Petitioner was called

Barnes: Who testified, He heard his Father say. That Ady promised him Forty Shillings to vote for Sir Bazill Firebrass; and that Adu was Sir Baz. Agent.

And Farr said, He heard Barnes say, That gave him Money to vote for Sir Baz. Firebrass.

That the Sitting Member called Ady, to speak to that Matter of his giving Money to vote for Sir Baz. Firebrass: But that it was objected to by the Petitioner.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to a Resolution: Which Mr. Serjeant read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Baz. Firebrass is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham in the County of Wilts.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the

So it passed in the Negative-

Then the Question being put, That Sir Humph. Edwyn is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Chippenham;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the late Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham in the County of Wilts, in the room of Richard Kent, Esquire, deceased, is a void Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Voj.. X,

} M7-J151.

the Clerk of the Qrown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham in the County of Wills, in the room of Richard Kent, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard also reports from the said Com- Aldborough. mittee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter Election-touching the Election for the Borough of Alborough in the County of Suffolke was referred, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: The which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table - Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That upon the Petition of Sir Edward Turner, complaining of an undue Return of William Johnson, Esquire, to serve for Aldbrough in the County of Suffolke;

The Question was, Whether the Right of Election was in the Freemen resient within the said Borough of Aid-borough only, or in the Freemen at large.

For that it was agreed, That if the Right was in the Freemen resient within the said Borough, then the Petitioner was elected: If in the Freemen at large, then the Sitting Member was elected.

That, for the Petitioner, it was insisted, That Alborough

was a Borough by Prescription; and was first incorporated 1° Edw. VI": And produced the Charter of Edward VI"; and a Paper, whereby Eleven of those non-resient Freemen had subscribed, not to have the Advantage of the Marshes, Quoy, or Causeway belonging to the said Town.

That, for the Sitting Member, it was insisted, That Alborough was a Corporation by Prescription; and that Thomas Wall, who was produced as a Witness by the Petitioner testifying, That non-resient Freemen had voted in other Elections of Burgesses to serve in Parliament; and that thereupon the Committee came to this Resolution: Which Mr. Serjeant Trenchard read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Wm. Johnson, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldbrough, in the County of Suffolke.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That, the House doth agree wdth the Committee in the said Resolution, That William Johnson,

Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldbrough in the County of Suffolke.

Sir Thomas Clargesreports from the Committee appoint- Oath f

ed to prepare Reasons.to be offered at a Conference, for Supremacy the disagreeing with the Lords to the Amendments made "*1,eUul by their Lordships to the Bill for abrogating the Oath of Supremacy, in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths, That, the Committee had prepared Reasons accordingly: Which, he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s .....: Where the same were twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth;

1. The House of Commons intending by this Act to preserve the English Government, and Protestant Religion, in Ireland, have especially therein provided against die Practising of Barristers, Clerks in Chancery, Attornies, and Practisers of Law, of the Romish Religion there; who have been at all times great Enemies to the Crown of England, and the Protestant Religion therein, and constant

Fomenters, Raisers, and Actors, in Rebellion against them, and more especially in the late Rebellion against their present Majesties; and by the Influence they will thereby have upon the Popish Inhabitants, who are much more numerous than the Protestants in Ireland, if they are admitted to have their Professions, will be always apt and ready to disturb the Peace of the Kingdom; and the Establishment of the Protestant Religion there.

2. Barristers at Law, of the Romish Religion, have been frequently admitted to practise in by virtue

of the King’s Letters, without qualifying themselves, ai others of that Profession in that Kingdom.

7 E 3. That

by

Conference with Lords*

f^blick

Accompts*

Members ordered to attend.

Leave of Absence*

Making

Saltpetre.

Committees*

Ways

and Means*

East India Company.

57°

2° Decembri

A. 1691.

3. That the Act, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown, not making any express Mention of the Kingdom of Ireland, the Commons thought fit to secure the Benefit of this Act to it, against all Pretences to the contrary.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths.

Ordered, That Mr. Roberts do go to the Lords; and desire the said Conference.

Mr. Roberts reports from the Lords, That the Lords do agree to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who prepared the said Reasons, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference accordingly: And being returned;

Sir Thom. Clarges reports from the Conference, That the Managers had attended the same; and given the Lords their Reasons, Why they do not agree with the Lords in the Amendments to the said Bill.

Mr. Foley, according to the Order of the Day, presented to the House, from the Commissioners for taking the publick Accompts, a Book of the State of the Incomes and Issues of the publick Revenue, from the Fifth Day of November 1688, to Michaelmas 1691, with their Observations thereupon: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Table: Where the same were read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, take into Consideration the said State and Observations; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all the Members of the House do then attend the Service of the House, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the House.

Ordered, That no Member do take the said Book out of the said House.

Ordered, That Sir Fran.Massam have Leave to so out of Town for Three Days, to attend the Funeral 01a near Relation.

Ordered, That Mr. Travers, Mr. Elliot, Mr. phin, Sir Fra. Drake, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Randall, Mr. Prideaux, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Whitley, Mr. Neale, Mr. Perry, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Harcourt, be added to the Committee to whom it is referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for the making of Saltpetre here in England.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii,2* die Decembris;'

3* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

A PETITION of William Hally day, and others, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners appearing on the Behalf of themselves, and others, Clothiers in the County of Gloucester; and being credibly informed, That the Armenians, and others, Foreigners, are permitted to export Cloth for the East Iudias, the Company having wholly declined it for these Three Years, and, therefore, humbly praying, That his Majesty’s Subjects may have the same Liberty, paying the King’s Duties and Customs, for the greater Encouragement of the Woolen 18

Manufacture, wherein so many Thousand Hands are employed, and so many Families thereby supported and maintained.

Ordered, That "the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petitions concerning ’the India Trade, were referred.

Mr. Christie reported from the Committee to whom Davile’s the Bill to enable Wm. Davile to sell some Lands, for ®#laU’ Payment of Debts, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table. And

A Petition of Anth. Garthorn, and Ester his Wife, Ditto, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Anth. in Right of his Wife and her Sister, hath obtained Two Judgments of Four hundred Pounds each, against Wm. Davile their Brother, upon Bonds; whereon there is due to the Petitioner more than the Bonds will satisfy; and some Part of the Obligor's Lands have been extended; but by vexatious Suits have been hindered of the Benefit thereof: And being informed the said Wm. Davile hath brought in a Bill to sell Part of his Lands, under Pretence of Payment of Debts, whereof the Petitioners are in Possession by their Executions, whereby the Petitioners will be defeated of their Debts, and Securities, and praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that they may be heard against the Bill, before it pass into an Act.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-commmitted to the same Committee: And that they do meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the same Committee.

Ordered, That Sir James Forbes and Tho. Newton

Esquire, have Liberty to withdraw their Petition touch- Elsstion. ing the Election for the Borough of Newton in the County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newtoa the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the " rit* electing- a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newton in the County of Lancastei', in the room of Sir John Chichley, deceased.

A Bill for the explaining a Proviso touching Royal Royal Mine*. Mines, in the Statute made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for Repeal of the Statute of Fifth Henry the Fourth, against the multiplying Gold and Silver, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Brewer, according to Order, presented to the Debtors House a Bill for the better Relief of Creditors, and pre- Escapes, venting Escapes: And the same was received.

A Bill for the better Discovery and Punishment of Deer Deer Stealers, was read the Second time. Stealers.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rob.

Henley, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Thomhaugh, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Bromly, Mr.

Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bid-dolph, Mr. Holt, Sir Edw. Windham, Sir John Guise, Mr.

Cnetwyn, Mr. Cooke, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Brockman, Sir Jerv. Elwes, Sir John Moreton, Mr. White, Mr. -ard, Mr. Freke, Mr Gwyn, Mr. Christie, Sir Cooke,

Mr. Freeman, Sir John Turner, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Ryder,

Mr. Henley, Mr. Burrard, Mr Jiurdet, Mr. Wallop, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir John Trenchard, Mr. Jervois, Sir

Vincent, Sir Rob.Cldyton, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Phil. Foley:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Clarke reported from the Committee to whom the Election Bill to prevent false and double Returns of Members to Returns,

serve

3 W. wM. 2° — 30 Decembris. 571

serve in Parliament, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Proviso was offered to be made Part of the Bill: And the same was read the First time; being to oblige the Clerk of the Crown to perform his Duty in relation to his Entering of Returns, under the Penalty of for

every Offence.

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with Two thousand Pounds.

Then the Clause was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the same be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

london Sir JVm. Turner, according to Order, presented to the

Orphan*. House a Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London: And the same was received.

Examination The House being informed, that Mr. Armstrong, from of Lord the Earl of Nottingham, attended at the Door, with the Prt>ton, &c. Confessions and Examinations of the Lord Preston and Mr. Crone, according to the desire of the House in their Address to his Majesty;

The said Mr. Armstrong was called in; and, at the Bar, delivered in to the House, a Packet sealed up; wherein were the said Confessions and Examinations.

Ordered, That the said Papers be opened and proceeded on upon Saturday Morning next.

East India Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Cwupany. resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petitions concerning the East India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Guise took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Guise reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Consideration of the said Petitions: And that they had directed him to move the House, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of tile Petitions concerning the East India Trade.

Making Ordered, That Sir JVm. Thomas, Sir JVm. Cooke, Mr.

Saltpetre. Campion, Sir JVm. Pritchard, Mr. Randall, Sir Hen.

Johnson, Sir Tho. Middleton, Mr. Holt, Mr. Sir

Edward Abney, Sir To.?. Herne, Mr. Hopkins, be added to

the Committee to whom it is referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for the making Saltpetre here in England.

Aufoage Ordered, That Mr. Beddingfeild, Mr. Burrard, Mr.

Culy* Beare, Mr. Bockinham, Mr. Sir Heme, Sir

John Key, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Bull, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving a llecompence to the Crown for the samej is committed.

Army Esti- Ordered, That the said Committee to whom the Con-n.ate«. sideration of the Estimates of the Charge of the Army for the Year 1692 are referred, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed: And that Sir Bev. Greenville, Colonel Mr. Tredenham, be added to the said Committee.

Hawkers and Ordered, That Mr. Sand ford, Mr Mr. Luttcrell,

Pedlars. Mr. Shackerly, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars, is committed.

Vol. X.

The House being informed,- That one JVm. a Fuller's pre-

Prisoner in the King's Bench, hath Matters of great Mo- tendsdPisco-ment, both in relation to their Majesties and the Nation, vene8, to discover;

Ordered, That the said JVm. Fuller be, by the Marshal of the Kitig's Bench, brought to attend this House on Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jervis, 3* die Decembri

3° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act- Beckman's, for naturalizing Sir Martyn Beckman, Knight, and &c-Nat* others, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Steph.

Evans, Mr. Beddingfeild, Sir Rich Reynell, Mr.

Mr. Leving, Mr. Gray, Mr. JVillmot, Mr. Brereton, Sir

Rob. Cotton, Sir John Barker, Sir John Carew, Mr. Freke,

Mr. England, Sir Edxv. Hussey, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Thxrrn-

haugh, Mr. Hedger, Sir John Dorr ell, Sir Tho.

diston, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Cary, Mr. Dalbcn, Sir Jonath.

Jennings, Mr. Henley, Sir Edw. Aiscough, Mr. Onslow,

Mr. JVi alter, Mr. Blcwfeild, Sir John Wynne, Sir Hen.

Goodrich, Sir Jos. Herne, Sir Christopher Musgrave:

And th*.y are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Christie reported from the Committee to whom Earl of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Ailsbury’* the making a Twelve Years Lease made by the Earl and Estat*-Countess of Ailsbury, for Payment of Debts, which was determinable on their Deaths, to have Continuance absolutely for those Twelve Years, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where' the same were once read throughout; and are as followeth viz.

Press 4, Line 3, leave out " Thomas; " and insert " Robert."

Press 4, Line 21, Leave out " Months;" and insert " Years."

Which Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Christie do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House has agreed to the Bill, with the said Amendments; and desire their Lordships Concurrence to the said Amendments.

A Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of Ian- London don, was read the First time. Orphans.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Henry Hening, Defaulter at Esquire, a Member of this House, who was ordered to Call of the be committed to the Serjeant at Arms for not attending House, the Service of the House, hath paid his Fees to the Serjeant;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Hening be admitted into the House.

Then the Order of the Day for taking into Considera- Publick tien the State of the Accompts and Observations delivered Accompts. in to the House, from the Commissioners appointed for taking the publick Accompts, was read.

And

572 3* — 4° Dec; 1691.

And the House proceeded in the* Consideration of several of the said Observations.

Ordered \That the Commissioners appointed for taking the publick Accompts do lay before this House a List of all such Persons who have Salaries, and have made the , King pay the Charge of passing their Patents, and passing their Accompts, as also the Taxes upon their Offices.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners do lay before this House a List of those that have great Salaries, and have, upon slight Pretences, got them increased; and who have had extraordinary Bills of incident Charges easily allowed.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners do' lay before the House a List of the Salaries which were granted upon special Reasons; and which are still continued, though the Reasons are ceased.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners do lay before this House a List of the excessive Fees that are exacted and taken by the Officers that have great Salaries allowed them for execution of their Places, and for which no legal Precedent appears to justify the same.

Dunwich Ordered, That the Matter touching the Election for the

Election. Borough of Dumvick in the County of be heard

before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon Saturday next, in the Afternoon.

Ludlow 1 Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri-

Election. vileges and Elections, touching the Election for Ludlow, be made upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock,

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 4* die Decembris;

3° Gulielmi et Mari*.

Thame* f\ RDERED, That Leave be ^iven to bring in a Bill

Fishermen, v for the better Regulation and Encouragement of the Company of Fishermen of the River of Thames, and providing Seamen for their Majesties Fleet, and preventing Frauds in Concealing of Customs.

Dover Mr. Chadwick, according to Order, presented to the

Harbour. House a Bill for Repairing of Dover Harbour: And the same was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mountague’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. for vesting and settling divers Lands in Gloucestershire, in Trustees, to be sold for the paying the remaining Portions to the Children of George Mountague, Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bankrupts. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Discovery and more equal Distribution of Bankrupts Estates.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Francklyn;

Robert*’ Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled,

Estate. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands and Tenements in Thorpe, Langton, and elsewhere, in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts of Richard Roberts, Esquire, and for raising Portions for his Daughters: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ix>rdHatton’i Also a Bill, intituled, An Act for the settling a Fee

Estate. Farm Relit of One hundred Pounds per Annum upon the Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to be issuing out of Hatton Garden in the County of Middlesex, and the Messuages thereupon erected; and for settling and assuring the

»7

same, subject to the said Relit, upon Christopher Lord Viscount Hatton, his Heirs and Assigns for ever: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for the repairing and amending the Highways, Amending was read the First time. " Highways.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Publick next, at Ten a Clock, take into further Consideration the Accompts. Observations delivered in by the Commissioners appointed for taking the publick Accompts.

Then the House, according to the Order, of the Day, Ways and resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean*, consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, an Assessment of One hundred Thirty-seven thousand Six hundred Forty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Twopence, by the Month, for Twelve Months, be charged upon Land, according to the Proportion in the Act made in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, for granting an Aid to their Majesties of the Sum of Sixteen hundred Fifty-one thousand Seven hundred and Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings.

Resolved, That the said monthly Assessment do commence from the Twenty-fifth December 1691.

The First of the* said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, an Assessment of One hundred Thirty-seven thousand Six hundred Forty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence by the Month, for Twelve Months, be charged upon Land, according to the Proportions in the Act made in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, for granting an Aid to their Majesties of the Sum of Sixteen hundred Fifty-one thousand Seven hundred and Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said monthly Assessment do commence from the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1691.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House,

That the Committee might have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions, And it is referred to Sir Sir

Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Seymour, Mr. Solicitor General, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the same.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- State f the ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Nation.

of

W. $5 M. 4# — c0 Ekcmbris, 573

of the whole 'House, to take into Consideration the State of the Nation; and nothing to intervene.

Lords desire A Message from the lords, by Sir Miles and Sir ‘Conference. John Franctyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire.o. Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Army Ordered, That the several Committees to whom the

Estimates. Estimates of the Charge of the Army for the Year 1692 axe referred, be empowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And that Sir Tho. and Sir

Hugh Owen be added to the said Committee.

And the Question-being put, That the Bill be re^d a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir John Dorrell reports from the Committee to whom Tythe of the Pill for encouraging the Sowing of Hemp and Flax, Hemp and wfs committed, That they had made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hankers and Ordered, That Sir Ja. Mr. Rudge, be added

Pedlars. -to the Committee to whom the Bill for Suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars, is committed.

Aulnage Ordered, That Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Bade, Sir

Duty. Era. Guibons., be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the'Custom-house, and giving a Compensation to the Grown for the same, is committed.

Committees. Ordetrd, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 5* die Decembris;

An ingrossed Bill for preserving 'jTwo Ships Lading of French Bay Bay-salt, taken as Prize, for the Benefit of their Majesties Salt-Navy, to be accounted for by the Victuallers to their Majesties, was read the Third tiipe.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the last Proviso;

Before " shall forfeit," to insert " such Person and Persons."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for preserving Two Ships Lading of Bay-salt, taken as Prize, for the Benefit of their Majesties Navy,

W&S read the Third time.

Ordered, That Mr. Papillion do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire the Concurrence thereunto.

3* Gulielmi et Marioe.

‘Prayers.

Brick- JT\ R D ERE D, That'Leave be given to bring in, a Bill

making, tec. v for the better Preparing and making of- Brick, Tile, and Plaster.

Lord

Hatton’s

Estate,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act for the settling a Fee Farm Relit of One hundred Pounds per Annum upon the Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to be issuing out of Hatton Garden in the County of Middlesex, and the Messuages thereupon erected, and for settling and assuring the same, subject to the said Relit, upon Christopher Lord Viscount Hatton, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Malicious Ordered, That Le^ve be given, to bring in a Bill for Informations, preventing malicious Informations in the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court.

Mathewes*

Jointure.

Mr. Christie reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

M U VIIAWU4 V U4V f V 11 w V/l X

Mathewes, Daughter of Sir Armstrong, de

was committed. That they had agreed to the Bill,. 1

settling a Jointure upon Jane the Wife of Colonel Edward

,deceased, without

any Amendments.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Christie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, -That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Fuller's pre- The House being informed, That ,the Marshal of the tended Dis- King's Bench. had, according to their Order, brought ovenes. JVm.Fuller, a' Prisoner there, to attend the [House.

Ordered, That the said JVm. Fuller be, fiy the Marshal? brought to attend this House again upon Wednesday -Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Woolen Ma- A. Bill for the better Improvement of the Woolen nufacture.' Manufacture, was read the First time.

Vol. X.

Ordered, That the Managers that managed the former Oath of Conference do manage the Conference now to be had Supremacy with the Lords. in Ireland-

And the Managers went to the Conference accordingly: And being returned;

Sir Thomas Clarges reported from the Conference, That ’

the Managers had attended the same: And that the Earl of Rochester opened and managed the same on the Behalf of the Lords; and said, That they had desired the Conference for Preservation of the good Correspondence which was necessary between the Two Houses: And that the Lords do agree to all the Amendments made by this House to the Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oath of’Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths; and do wave their own Amendments as to the last Clause, for making void Dispensations of the Act; But that the Lords do disagree in the leaving out the Provisoes, beginning " Provided," in Sk. 3, L. 3, of the Clauses marked A; and ending Profession or Calling," in Sk. 4, L. 7; and insist on the said Clause,

Because they find, by an Article of the Treaty made for the Surrender of Lymrick, which was brought to the Lords by the Earl of Nottingham, and which, as was said, was by their Lordships Order delivered, the Subject Matter of those Provisoes was therein agreed to: And their Lordships considering of what Advantage and Importance the Reducing of Ireland hath been to the publick Peace and Security of all their Majesties Dominions, they conceive that it will not be of so ill Consequence to allow foe Liberty proposed in the Provisoes, as it might be, not to support the Publick Faith given upon so great an Occasion as the final Conclusion of the War in Ireland, by which that Kingdom hath quietly and entirely submitted to their, Majesties Government.

And the said Provisoes and Articles being read;

And a Debate ^rising upon the said Report;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

- A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice and Tryals for

Mr. Justice Gregory] Treason,

i. Mr. Speaker, The Lords have considered of the Bill sent from this House, for Regulating of Tryals, inCases 7 F of

574 5° — 7° Decembris. A. 1691.

of Treason; and have agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House do now* resolve itself into a Excise. Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Bill to prevent Brewers from being Maltsters, was Brewers read the'Second time. not to be

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the De- Ma,t*Urft* bate of the House, to Mr. Christie, Mr. Sir Tho.

Darcy, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Vincent, Mr.

Mr. Leving, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Cooke, Sir John

rell, Sir Wm. Cooper, Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Colt, Sir

Ralph Dutton, Mr. Ramsden, Colonel Sackvile, Mr. Blowfeild, Mr. JVallpoole, Sir Ralph Carre, Mr. Henley,

Sir John Bancks, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Knight: And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they prepare a Clause, That no Brewer be a Justice of the Peace: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers.

Plympton Ordered, That Richard Strode, Esquire, have Leave Election. to withdraw his Petition touching the Election for the Borough of Plympton in the County of Devon.

Army Ordered, That Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Sherrard, Sir

Estimates. Cha.Gerrard, be added to the Committee to whom it is

referred to consider, What the Charge of the Army in Ireland, and other the Forces for the Year 1692, will amount unto.

An ingrossed Bill for the better ascertaining the Tythes Tythes of of Hemp and Flax, was read the Third ti me. ^emP and

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title F ax’ be, An Act for the better ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax.

Ordered, That Sir John Dorrell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to judge* Com-ascertain the Commissions and Salaries of the Judges, mission*. See.

Hawkers and Ordered, That Mr. Mr. White, Sir Edward

Pedlars. Philipps, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Sand/'ord, be added to Committee to whom the Bill for the Suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars, is referred.

Making Ordered, That Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Hayne, Mr.

Salt-petre. Tracers, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill

for making Salt-petre here in England, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Dutue, 7* Decembris;

3* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

Royal A BIL L to explain a Proviso touching Royal Mines

Mines. _/"V in the Statute made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for Repeal of the Statute of 5 Henr. IV,!, against multiplying Gold and Silver, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Captain Bick-erstaffe, Lord Norreis, Mr. Christie, Sir Knight, Mr. Baile, Mr. Cary, Mr. Price, Sir Jennings, Mr.

Buscawen, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Sand ford, Sir Wray, Sir

Roger Pideston, Sir Rob.Cotton, Sir Sir Wm.

Cooke, Mr. Cooke, Sir Jos. Trcdcnham, Sir Edw. Philipps, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Lord Wm. Paxvlet, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Bloufeiid, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Leving, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. WillMr. Kendall, Mr.

Mr. Papillion, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Waller, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and Derby, York and: And they are to meet at Four of the Clock this Afternoon in the Speaker’s Chambers.

Defaulter at The House being acquainted, That Henry Nortleigh, Call excused. £SqU',re) a Member of this House, who was ordered to be committed to the Serjeant at Arms for not attending the Service of the House, is very ill, and so has been for some time; and that the same is so certified by his Physician;

The which Certificate was read.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Nortleigh have Six Weeks time given him to come up to attend the Service of the House.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply Bill; resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Excise, consider of the Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments; and had directed him to report the same to the House.

Ordered, That the Report of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- East India ingnext, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Company, of the whole House, to consider further of the Petitions concerning the East India Trade.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate of Saturday last, D«bate on upon the Report of the Conference with the Lords, be Conference resumed Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock. w,th Lords*

The House being informed, That the Commissioners Transport for the Transportations attended, according to Order; Service.

They were brought in to the Bar; where they delivered in Estimates of the Charges of the Hire of the Transport Ships, and other Charges of Transportation, for the Service of the Year 1692.

And being withdrawn; the said Estimates were read;

.and are as follow;

A Computation of the Charge of transporting Forces from Ireland to England, and from England and Scotland beyond Sea.

Provisions for Twenty-two thousand"1 Men and Four thousand Horses from Ireland to England)and for Twenty-six thousand Men and Five thousand ? Horses from£/i gland and ScotlandbeI

yond Sea for Thirty Days, amounts toJ Tonage of Shipping for Three Months! for Transport the aforesaid Number!-of Men and Horses, comes to - J The Total is - -

£. s. d. 30,000 — —

72,000 — —

102,000

Election. Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to prevent false and If the Expedition shall require the further Service of the Return*. double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, be Transport Ships, the Increase of Charge will be, for read the Third time on Thursday next, at Eleven a Clock. every Month,

22 For

3 W. & M.

For Tonnage -

For every Ten Days Provision

7° — 8° Decembris. 575

<£*. d. of Middlesex, or any Five of them: And they are to

24.000 ----- meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Spea-

10.000 ----- ker’s Chambers.

Total per mensem - £. 34,000-----

No Computation is made here for the Train of Artillery, or Provision for Accidents.

The Charge of transporting the Train of Artillery, according to the Computation of Tonage which we have received from the Office of Ordnance, of Stores, Horses, and Men;

Shipping for Stores and One thousand Six hundred Horses belonging to the said Train, computed to be Eight thousand Ton, for Three Months, amounts to Provisions of Hay, Oats, Water Cask," and all other Necessaries, for One

Month, amounts Stabling for the Horse -Provisions for dieting Nine hundred Gun-' ners, Matrosses, Waggonners, Carters,

Drivers, and several Artificers in their Passage belonging to the said Train, for One Month -

Total - £.

P. Rich, John Ellis.

16,800-----

2,500-----

400 —

675 —

20,375 -

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Estimates be referred to the Committee to whom the Consideration of the List of the Forces for the Year 1692, and the List of the General Officers and Estimates of the Ordnance, and Abstract of the Establishment of the Garisons, is referred.

Tavistock, Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of lie. Elections Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the ' Borough of Tavistock and Dunwich, be made Tomorrow Morning, after the other Reports of Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 8* die Decembris;

30 Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

Campion’s A PETITION of Eliz. Widow, on the Be-

ii half of herself and Six Children, was read; setting forth, That her Husband, by W’ill, devised his Estate to be divided into Nine Shares, Two for the Widow, Two for his eldest Son, and one to each of the rest; and appointed Executors to manage and divide the said Estate, accordingly: That the greatest Part of the Estate is in Fee of a Piece of Ground, called Coventry House, with Buildings thereon, most unfurnished: That the Testator’s Debts are great, of which the said Premises are mortgaged for Four thousand Pounds: And, for that, by his Will, no Power is vested in the Trustees to sell or dispose of any Part of the said Estate, subjected by the Will to pay Debts, or carry on the unfinished Buildings, whereby the said Estate and Buildings will be ruined, the Heir and Children being all Infants; and praying Leave to bring in a Bill, to enable the Performance of the Will.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Newport, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Sir Gerv. Elves, Mr. Christie, Mr. Forste Lord Mr. Weld,

Mr. Philipps, Sir Tho. SMr. Jeffryes, Mr. Slater, Sir Tho. Haslerig, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Haxotry, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Sir

low, Sir Tho. Hussey, Sir Sir Tho.Darcye,

Mr. Thomhaugh, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Henley, Mr. Bloufeild, Mr. Foley, and all she Mem-'hers that serve for the City of Westminster, and County . Vo t.X.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Oath of resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Report of Supremacy turday last, of the Conference with the Lords, touching m Ireland‘ the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill for abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Irelatid, and appointing other Oaths.

Ordered, That the Managers of the said Conference do prepare Amendments to be made to the said Amendments made by the Lords; and also Reasons to be offered, at a Conference with the Lords, touching the same, upon the Debate of the House.

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That John Tanner, Esquire, a Member of Defaulter at this House, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms for not the attending the Service of the House, be admitted into the ouw' House, having paid his Fees to the Serjeant.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, according to the Order of the Ludlow Day, reported from the Committee of Elections and Pri- Election, vileges, to whom the Matter touching the Election for’ the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, was referred, the State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: The which he delivered in, in Writing, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Hammer and Wm. Gower, Esquires, complaining of an undue Return of Colonel Titus and Francis Lloyd, Esquires, to serve for Ludloio’,

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

The Case was thus:

The ancient Government of the Borough of Ludlow is, by the Twelve and Twenty-five; which they call the Chamber.

Anno 36* Car. II41, the Franchises of this Town were surrendered; and a new Charter granted by King James in the First Year of his Reign; with Reservation of a Power to himself to remove and displace any Officers by his Privy Signet, directed to the Lord President of Wales.

Anno Domini 1688, according to this Power reserved,

King James removes all the Officers, and restores the ancient Corporation.

It was moved, Whether the Burgesses under the new Charter had Votes: But it appearing, that they were made Free after the Dissolving of the Charter, they were waved by the Counsel of either Side.

As to the Right of Election, it was alleged, That the Right was in the Chamber, consisting of Thirty-seven, and in the Free Burgesses, as well Non-resientsas Resients.

Edw. Kettleby, Rich. Cole, Roger Powys, Phil. Got'e,

and others, testified, That they had been present at several Elections of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for Ludlow, and that the Burgesses non-resient had been admitted to give their Votes, as well as the resient.

It was alleged for the Sitting Members, That the Right of Election was in the Chamber, and the Burgesses resient only.

John Coleback, an ancient Burgess and Inhabitant, testified, That he was present at the Election of the Burgesses for the Convention in 1660, and for the Parliament in 1661; and that the resient Burgesses were only admitted to vote; but that, since the Year 1679, the Out Burgesses had given their Votes, contrary to the ancient Custom.

There was likewise produced a Resolution of this House, 14 Car. Ildi, That all the resient common Burgesses of the Town of Ludlow have Right of Election, as well as the Twelve and Twenty-five.

As to the Poll;

Me. Kettleby, Mr. Beeston, testified, That they took a Poll for the Petitioners; and that of the old Burgesses.

Mr.

Ludlow

Election*

57 6

Decembris.

A- 169 i.

had

41

39

32-{

25

Votes.

Mr. Hanmore,

Mr. Gowre,

Mr. Lloyds Colonel Titus,

Mr. Smallman the Town Clerk testified, That,

-the Poll,

Mr. Lloyd,

Colonel Titus,

Mr. Hanmore,

Mr. Gowre,

upon

had

57

49

41

139

Votes.

But, of those that voted for the Sitting Members, and are inserted in their Poll, it appeared, That Twenty-two or Twenty-three were made Free after the of the Writ, the Writ bearing Teste on the Twenty-fourth cember; and they were made Free the Twenty-sixth or Twenty-seventh of DecemberSo that the main Question seemed to be, Whether those that were so made Free had a precedent Right; and, Whether they were qualified to vote in this Election.

Rich. Cole, Rowl. Ersley, Bern.Hamond, testified. That the Sons of Freemen, and such as married Freemens Daughters, pretended a Right to be made Free; but that they applied themselves to the Chamber by Petition; and that the Chamber had a Right to, admit them, or reject them, as they thought fit: That they paid a Fine for their Freedom, and that they had known several rejected: That, by the Usage, no Admission could be made, unless Nineteen of the Chamber, were present; and that, at this Admission, there was not that Number.

John Coleback, Edw. Smallman, testified, That the Sons of Freemen, and such as had married Freemens Daughters, had a Right to be made Free: That they applied themselves to the Chamber by Petition, and paid a small Fine certain; viz. Sixteen-pence for a Freeman’s Son, and Three Shillings and Four-pence for him that married a Freeman’s Daughter: That the Chamber had no Right to reject them, if they were so qualified: That they never knew it done but twiee, and then upon private Interests, -find it was looked upon as an Injury: That the Chamber met the Twenty-sixth of December, after the Teste oi the Writ, to fill Up the Chamber, Nine of them being dead since the Surrender of their Charter; and some of the Survivors refused to act with them: That these Freemen were admitted December Twenty-seventh, when above Twenty of the old Chamber were present,: And, of the Twenty-three Burgesses in Question, Twenty of them were qua-- lifted as Freemens Sons, or such as had married Freemens Daughters.

There was likewise produced the Charter of King Edrv. IV. in the First Year of his Reign, incorporating the Town of Ludlow: And there appeared no Clause in it, requiring Nineteen of the Chamber to be present at the Admission of Freemen, or at the doing any other Act, as a Common Council.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which Mr. Serjeant Tren-chard read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Silas Titus, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow in the County of Salop.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Francis Lloyd, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of, Ludlow in the County of

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do, agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Titus, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow in the County of Salop;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth,

Tdier, forth. Yeas,}

IQ!.

TelWrsfor theNo }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, ThatFrawcis Lloyd, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow in the County of Salop.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard also reports from the Com- Tavistock mittee of Elections and Privileges, to whom the Matter Electioa. touching the Election for the Borough of Tavistock in the County of Devon, was referred, the State of the Case,

"as it appeared to the Committee: The which he delivered in, in Writing, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

Upon the Petition of Amb. Mannat&n, Esquire, coin-plaining of an undue Return of Sir Fra. Drake,

Baronet, to serve for the Borough of Tavistock in the County, of Devon;

The Right of Election appeared to be in the Freeholders of Inheritance, inhabiting within the said Borough.

The Petitioner called

Nicolas Row: Who produced a Poll; which he said he took by the Consent of the Portreve.

That, Upon this Poll there was

For Sir Fra.Drake, - 39.

And for Mr. Mannaton, - 36.

That Sir Pm. Drake did call Two others to poll; but the said Row took ho Notice of them, one being an Ihfant bf

about Twelve Years of Age, and the other ah Inhabitant.

The Petitioner insisted he cohld disqualify NineteOn of Sir Fra. Drake's Voters; andcalled one fVhitechurbh:

Who testified, That Thomas Harvey senibr, Robert Harvey junior, John Harvey, Stephen Harvey, had no Estate in their own Right; but had Estates granted to them by one Williams, only to make them Voices upon a former Election.

That Henry Travell, Robert Hodgkinson, had a: Freehold granted to them in the Reign of King but never

voted till this Election.

That Walter Edmonds senior, junior,

produced their Deeds at the Election of Mr. Russell and Rutler\ and it was but for Years.

That Sam. White was an Infant.

That Dav. Grindey was Tenant only per Courtesy.

That Walter Shillabere, John Sheare, John Bennet, were Trustees.

That Thom. Perrington, upon a Purchase, could not make a good Title.

That James Hockaday had mortgaged in Fee.

That Darnel Frost lived under his Father; and has voted.

That John Frost, George Pearse, had no Estates.

That Richard Doiclge's Father, since the Election, had made an Estate for Three Lives.

On the Behalf of Sir Fran. Drake was called

Edwara Seagre: Who said. He was the only Person employed by the Portreve to take the Poll:

And that, upon' the Poll,

Sir Fra.Drake had - 30j,

And the Petitioner - 34J ° Ces‘

John Cunningham, Stephen Harvey, said, Thomas Harvey senior was always reputed a Freeholder; and produced a Feoffment to him from Abra. Harvey, dated 30 Oct. 36 Car. II41.

That Them. Harveyjunior had an Estate in Fee Sim-

ple; and produced a Feoffment to him from Williams, dated 11 Nov. 36 Car.II.

And a Feoffment to John Harvey from Har-

vey, dated i* Aug. 4 James II.;

That Stephen Harvey had voted in former Elections:

And Harvey said, He had seen his Deed.

James Leer said, Henry Farwell was a Freeholder of Inheritance; and produced a Lease and Release from Richard Cudlip and Richard Abbot to him, and one ard: Release, dated a Februani, 34 Car. II4*.

Stephen

0

3 W. & M. 8° Decembrist 577

Stephen Harvey, said, Robert Hodgson and Humfreyof Elections and Privileges, to whom the Case touching bunwich Hodgson were reputed Freeholders; and produced a Lease the double Return and Election for the Borough of Dun- Election, and Release to Robert Hodgson from Daxcbeny Williams: zcichin the County of was referred, the State of

Release dated 20 Februarii,34 Can IIdi; and the like the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: The which he for Humphry Hodgson: And produce a Conveyance by delivered in, in Writing, at the Clerk’s Table: Where way of Lease and Release from Moses Guscotto Walter the same was read; anil is as followed);

Edmonds senior: Release dated 2d May 1677: And said, That, upon Examination of the Merits of the Double He had seen Walter Edmonds junior his Deed. Return and Election of a Burgess to serve for Dumvich:

The Infant and Tenant per Courtesy, objected to by It appeared tb the Committee, upon view of the Re-. the Petitioner, were waved by Sir Fra. Drake. cord. That lienee, Esquire, was returned by one

Cunningham said, Shillebear, Bennet, and Shores, were Indenture, and Esquire, by another.

Freeholders in Possession; and produced a Conveyance Indenture; each Indenture under the Common Seal by by way of Lease and Release to Shillcbear, and one Jam. both Bailiffs. ' -

Leer; the Release dated 2 Mar. 34 Car.IIdi; and a The determining the Right of Return depended en-

Feoffment to Rennet from Mary Waller, dated 29 Sept.tirely upon the Merits of the Election: And, as to the

4 James ID; and the like for Sheer. Election, it was agreed of both Sides, That the Merits

Said, He knew Thom. Pennington to have a good of this Election would depend upon settling the Quali-

Estate from his Father; and produced a Conveyance fications of the Electors; for it was alledged, on the made upon Marriage, dated 8 June 1658. Behalf of Mr. Bence’, That the Right w as in the Free- -

That James Hockady, though he had mortgaged to men of the Borough of resident within the

Davy, Davy had not entered; and produced a Feoffment Borough.

from Emanuel Frost to Daniell Frost, dated i December, And, on the Behalf of Mr. Hexeningham, it was 30 Car. II. alledged, That the only Qualification w as to be a Freeman,

Stephen Haivcy said, That John Trout and George whether resident within the Borough, or an Outsitter i Perrie have been admitted Tenants in Court; and no So that if the Right was in the former, Mr. Bence was Objection was made to them at the Election. duly elected; if in the latter, Mr. Hexeningham,

Cunningham said, That Richard Doidge was Tenant That, on Behalf of Mr. Bence, it was alledged, in Court. ‘ . That Dumi ich w as a Borough by Prescription: And they

Then, on the Behalf of Sir Era. Drake, the following produced several Returns, viz.

Exception were taken to the Voters for the Petitioner. 7 Edxc. VI. which says, The Two Bailiffs, in Presence

Cunningham said, That William Corbin claimed only of the Two Coroners, and Ten others, in their Return under a Will, whereby Lands were given to his Wife; named, and many other Burgesses and Resiants, elected — and produced a Copy of the Will. the Return is under the Common Seal, and the Seal of

Exception w as also taken to Cha. Srcect: But if was the Bailiship.

answered, He had married a Wife that had Lands of 1 2IV. which says. The Bailiffs, with the Assent

Inheritance; and she was living. and Consent of the whole Commonalty, elected — the

Exception to Thom. Doidge, That he had but an Return under the Common Seal.

Annuity of Five Pounds for Life. 30 — Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, elected,

Answer, That he had voted always, and had Ten — the Return under the Common Seal.

Pounds per Annum. 1° Jac. Imi — Bailiffs, Burgesses, and honest Men of

Exception to Thomas JFyat, That he had but an Estate the Borough, elected — the Return under the Common for Years. Seal.

Answer, That it was to him and his Heirs. 1 Imi — Bailiffs, Burgesses, and honest Men,

Exception, That Henry Vosper, Thom. Clarke, William elected, — the Return under the Common Seal.

Willcox, lived out of Tow n. And produced an ancient Book; by which it appeared,

Answer, Vosper and Willcoxlived in Tow n; Clerke That 11 Jac. so many of the Twelve, Twenty-four, and admitted no Vote. Freemen, which were present, in all making Thirty-three,

Exception, That John Doidge was not Twenty-one elected a Burgess.

Years old: That Hen. Maddicotvoted by Proxy. And another ancient Book; by which it appeared,-

Burges and Harvey said, That Eduard Fanccll, That Anno 1639, so many of the Twelve, Twenty-Samuell Gill, Robert Williams, John Clarke, and Martin four, and Freemen which appeared, in all making Thirty,

Soxcton, were made Freeholders but a little before the elected. 1

Election, and after the Teste of the Writ; and that ' And another ancient Book of an Election, 2 2 WilUsfordoffered Burgesseto make him a Freeholder, 1656; wherein is recorded the Names only of Twenty-

if he would vote for Mr. Manna ton.four Electors.

Answer, Release produced to Famed from Thomas In the same Book is Mention made of another Election,

WilUsford, dated 7 Januarii 1689; an<^ a Conveyance 4 A 1660; wherein is recorded the Names only of to Williams, dated 2d Oct. 1689. Twenty-five Electors.

Doidge said, He saw Gill's Deed, which bore Date In the same Book is Mention made of another Election, before the last Parliament was Dissolved. 25 A 11; wherein'is recorded the Names only of

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee Twenty-seven Electors, came to a Resolution:" Which Mr. Serjeant Trenchard Crane and Captain Hall testified, That they knew the read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in Election of Sir John Rous and Mr. and that there

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and was not above Twenty or Thirty Electors, who were of is as followeth; viz. the Town.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Driver, Mr. Stansley, testified, That they had That Sir Fra. Drake, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess known several Elections: That the Freemen of the Towil to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of only used to elect Bailiffs and Burgesses: That no Out-: Tavistock in the County of Devon. sitters did vote till the Election of Sir Thomas and

The said Resolution being read a Second time; Mr. which Outsiders were made to vote for Sir

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com- Thomas Allen: That the Outsitters pay Two Shillings mittee in the said Resolution, That Sir Fran.Drake, and Six-pence; and some Three Shillings yearly.

Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Mr. Betts, Town Clerk, testffied, That he remem-Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock in the County bered the Election between Sir Thom. Allen and Mr. of Devon. Wood, who were doubly returned.

That Sir Tho. Allen had all the Outsitters, and but Mr. SerjeantTmJcAiwv/ also reports from the Committee Three or Four Boroughmen; and produced a Resolve of VoL. X. 7 Cr til®

8° Decembris. A. 1691.

Dtinwldi

Election*

the House, That the said Mr. Wood ought to sit till the Merits of the Election was determined.

And the said Mr. Betts said, That Sir Tho. Allen did hot prosecute the Matter afterwards; but Mr. Wood sat till he died, being about Eight Years.

That he believed Mr. Bcny since 1670, had made free. Five hundred, Two whereof were and

others lived very remote; and particularly he made Forty-two free at an Alehouse; whereas there are not above Forty Freemen resident.

And produced a Charter of Incorporation made 10 King John; whereby Guildam mercatoriam was granted to them: Which the Counsel insisted was the ancient Method of erecting a Corporation.

That, on the Behalf of Mr. , it was

alledged, That Dunwich was a Corporation by Prescription: And, upon the Evidence given for Mr. , the Counsel for Mr. Heveningham observed,

That, in the Charter of King John, there was the Word "confirm," as well.as "grant;" which implied, that they were incorporated before that time: That all the ancient Returns were under the Common Seal of the Corporation: That, in the ancient Books, it appeared, That Elections to Parliament were always made at their Corporation Assemblies: And called Air. John Bern face: Who testified, He remembered for Twenty-two Years; and that no Outsitters, that' came in that time, were denied: And that he heard Mr. Driver say, He would cut his Throat sooner than put his Hand to a Borough Return: And that Air. Driver declared Air.- Heveningham duly elected.

That Mr. Heveningham s Return was sealed; and Air. Driver went off the Bench, and came a Quarter of an Hour after, and sealed Air. Bence'sThat he believes Two hundred might be made Free since 1670: That Outsitters come to the Election of ‘Bailiffs, and one of the present Bailiffs is an Outsitter.

Tho. Webber, Tho. Hooter Snelling, testified, That They had known Elections from Sir Thomas Allens time; and that Outsitters have been all along admitted: That the Inhabitants are not able to bear the publick Charge of the Town: And the Money paid by the Outsitters is applied towards it: And produced

A Resolve of the House in the Case of Sir Rob. Rich and Sir Phil. Skippon, That the Right of the Election of

Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Dunwich is in the Freemen of the said Borough, commonly called Outsitters, as well as in the Freemen inhabiting 'within the said Borough.

And that the Committee, upon the whole Alatter, came to several Resolutions: Which Mr. Serjeant Trenchard read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the samp were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Dunwich is not in the Freemen of the said Borough, commonly called Outsitters, as well as in the Freemen inhabiting within the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Dunwich is only in the Freemen inhabiting within the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Bence, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunwich.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Dunwich is not in the Freemen of the said Borough, commonly called Outsitters, as well as in the Jreemen inhabiting within the said Borough;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth, ifi

Tellers for the Y } *37-

Tellers for to Noes, } n9.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Dunwich is only in the Freemen inhabiting within the said Borough.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That John Bence, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunwich.

Ordered, That' the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Aloming, to amend the Return for the said Borough of

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Adam and

Sir Rob. Legat'd;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Burton’* An Act for the Enabling of Sir Thom. , Baronet, Astute,

to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments made Earl of by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a AHsbury’s Twelve Years Lease made by the Earl and Countess of Ailsbury, for Payment of Debts, which was determinable on their Deaths, to have Continuance absolutely for those Twelve Years.

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

Ordered, That John Michell, Esquire, a Alember of Defaulter at this House, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for not tall of the attending the Service of the House, be admitted into the House* House, having paid his Fees to the Serjeant.

Sir Fra. Drake, Baronet, being returned a Burgess to Borealston serve both for the Borough of Tavistock in the County of Writ-Devon, and also for the Borough of Borealston in the same County; and he electing to serve for the Borough of

Tavistock.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk% of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Borealston.

Then Mr. Solicitor General, according to the Order Supply hill of the Day, reported from the Committee of the whole ^xclse‘ House, to whom the Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, was referred, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time severally, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, except as to Clause B, That every College and Hall, in either of the Universities, that brew their own Beer and Ale, and battel or size it out to their respective Alembers, shall not be liable to any Duty of Excise.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree, with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Te'lc- the Yeas,} 94-

Tel^for.heNoes.g^' }.,.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to Tryals for the Bill for the Regulating of Tryals, in Cases of Treason, Treason.

be

3 W. M.

8® — 9® Decembris.

be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Privilege_ The House being informed, that one Lehardy had

intimidation been threatened by several Persons, for making a Disco-of a Witness. vety of Trading between the Island of Jersey and He was ordered to be called in.

And being called in; he was examined concerning the same. He said, that nobody had threatened him; but that he was told he durst not go home.

And then withdrew.

Hawkers and Ordered, That Sir Robert , Sir Edward Abney,

Pedlars. Mr. Carter, Mr.> Beare, Mr. Dyott, Sir JVm.

be added to the Committee to whom the Bill, intituled, An Act for suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars, is committed.

Aulnag*

Duty.

Army and Navy Estimates.

Deer

Stealers.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Drake, Sir Francis Massam, Captain Jleignolds, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving the Crown a Compensation for the same....

Ordered, That Mr. Peregrine Bertie be added to the Committee to whom the Estimates of the Army and Navy are referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwyn be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Discovery and Punishment of Deer-stealers, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mcrcurii, 9® die Decembris;

3® Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

Malicious TV/T R. JValler according to Order, presented to the Informations. jLVJL House a Bill for preventing malicipus Informations in the Court of King's Bench, for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court And the same was received.

Campion’s

Wilt

Mr. Christie reported from the Committee to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of Eliz. Campion, Widow, on the Behalf of herself and her Six Children, was referred, That the Committee, upon the Examination of the Petition, were of the Opinion, That it will be for the Benefit of the Creditors, and of the Widow and Children of Richard Campion, deceased, that a Bill be brought in for the better enabling of the Trustees and Executors of the said Richard Campion to perform his Will: And that the Committee had directed him to move the House, That the Leave may be given to bring in' such a Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

LordHatton’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estau. for the settling a Fee Farm Relit of One hundred Pounds upon the Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to be issuing' out of Hatton Garden in the County of Middlesex, and the Messuages thereupon erected, and for settling and assuring the same, subject to the said Relit, upon Chris. Lord Viscount Hatton, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Hawtry, Serjeant JVogan, Mr. Carter, Mr.

Sir Sam. Bemardiston, Sir Ralph Carre, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Portman, Sir Tho. Samwell, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Bick-erstaffe, Mr. Bailes, Sir Barker, SirTTro. Darcy, Sir Math. Andrewes, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Freeman, Sir Edw. Philipps, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Philipps, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mf. Gilbert, Serjeant Glincawe Mr. Bowfeild, Mr. Christie, Vol. X.

579

Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Kynaston,

Sir JVm. Langham, Sir Tho. Haslerig, Mr. Shackerly, Serjeant Mountague, Sir Christopher , Sir Sam.

Grimston, Mr. Bertye, Mr. JValler, Mr. Foley, Mr. England, Mr. Fuller, Sir Thom.Bamardiston, Sir Cotton,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cooke, Sir Rob. Henley, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Henley, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Arnold, SirTho. Hussey,

Six JVm. Robinson, Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Sir Fra. Guibon,

Mr. Andrewes: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Then the Clerk of the Crown, according to Order, Dunwich attended, and amended the Return for the Borough of Return Dunwich, by taking off" the Return of Henry - amended*

ham, Esquire.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Africta Councilmen of the City of Exon, and also of the Mer- Trad* chants, Serge-makers, Fullers, and other trading People, employed in and about the Woolen Manufactory within the said City and County of the same, and Parts adjacent thereunto, was read; setting forth, That those Western Parts are principally concerned in the Serge Trade, and other the Woolen Manufactory: But that the same; of late Years, hath been much abridged by the African Company; who do not improve that Trade by the One-half of what Improvement might be made thereof, in case a free Trade was admitted to those Parts; as wa9 experienced by a Vote that passed the last Sessions in Favour to the reputed Interlopers; which so far encouraged the Petitioners, that it gave a new Life to their Trade, and soifte Thousands of Pieces ... made more than usual, and the Price advanced from Eleven Shillings and Six-pence per Piece to Fifteen Shillings and Six-pence per Piece; the Wools thereby consumed, and Farmers supported, and Customs, by Exportation, much augmented: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, That such their Trade may not be restrained, the Petitioners being willing to contribute towards the Support and Maintenance thereof abroad.

Resolved, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Edward Seymor, Serjeant Tren-

chard, Mr. Bale, Mr. Colt, Sir Sam. Bernardiston, Sir Tho.

Vernon, Mr. Goldtoell, Mr. Carter, Colonel Sackvile, Sir Jerv. Elwes, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Bloafeild, Mr. Newport, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Gwyn,

Mr. Pockenham, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir JVm. Robinson,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Biddolph,

Mr . Cooke, Mr. Dyott, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Hawtry,

Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr. Holt, Mr. Slaughter, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. White, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Howe, Mr.

Bence, Lord Falkland, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Fuller,

Air. Clarke, Lord Fairfax, Sir Mat.Andrewes, Sir Thomas Bemardiston, Mr. Norreis, Mr. England, Sir Tho. Dyke,

Sir JVm. Honywood, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir John Brmvn-law, Mr. Palmes, Mr. JValpole, Sir Rich. Onslow, Air.

Fenwick, Mr. Chadwick, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Moreland:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Tho. Clarges reported, That the Alanagers of the Oath of Conference with the Lords,* touching the Amendments to Supremacy the Bill for abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, m Ir?land' and appointing other Oaths, had considered of several Amendments to be made to the Amendments, made by the Lords to the said Bill; and had prepared the same, and Reasons to be offered to the Lords concernirtg the same; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read; and are as follow; vis

3 Skin, Lane 5, after "who," leave out all that follows, to " on," in Line 9.

Line 9, after " the," leave out " said and, after w Octoberadd " 1691."

Line

Conference desired with Lords.

London

Orphans.

Fuller’s

pretended

Discoveries.

State of the Nation.

Publick

Accounts.

Committees.

Deer

Stealers*

580

90 — 10° Decembrts.

A. 1691,;

Line 20, after " or/' leave out " before that time and, instead thereof, insert " M ere then."

Line 27, after " Law," add " or;" and, after " Phy* sick," leave out " or other"

Line 28, leave out " Science."

Line 30, after " notwithstanding," add Clause C.

That the Commons observe, That the Lords insist on the Provisoes, beginning at "Provided," Skin 3, Line 3, of the Amendments; because the Subject Matter of them was in the Articles of the Treaty for the Surrender of Lymerick: But that, upon Consideration of those Articles they find, that there are some Expressions in the said First Proviso, larger and more comprehensive than the Articles' themselves: And that therefore they agreed with the Lords in so much of it only, as is within the said Articles; because they cannot believe it to be their Lordships Intentions to grant a greater Privilege to such Persons than they themselves, by the said Articles, demanded or provided for.

The said Amendments being a Second time severally read, one by one; and the Blank in the Proviso filled up with " One Shilling;" the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by this House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Amendments made by the Lords with the said Amendments.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Thom. Clarges go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

A Motion being made, That the House w'ould take into Consideration the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London, and their Relief therein;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Then the House being acquainted, that the Marshal of the King's Bench attended, according to Order, with William Fuller.

The said William Fuller was called in to the Bar: Where he produced and read several Papers concerning the Matters he had to acquaint the House withal.

The which were brought to the Clerk’s Table.

And he being withdrawn;

The said Papers were again read.

And the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the State of the Nation, was read.

And the Packet wherein the Confessions and Examinations of the Lord Preston and Mr. Civne were inclosed, was opened.

And the same was read.

Resolved That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, take into further Consideration the State of the Nation; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom- ing next, at Ten a Clock, proceed in the further Consideration of the Accounts and Observations delivered in by the Commissioners appointed for taking the publick Accounts.

Ordered, That all Committees, except the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Estimates relating to the Army are referred, be adjourned.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Samuell, Mr. Mr.

Mountague, Mr. Tillney, Sir Robert Cotton, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Discovery and Punishment of Deer-stealers, is committed.

14

Ordered, That all Committees, except the Committee Committee*, to whom the Estimates of the Charge of the Army for the Year 1692 is referred, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 10* dieDeccmhris;

30 Gulielmi et Maria?.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Stratford have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordi- Absence, nary Occasions. '

Mr. Christie reported from the Committee to whom Plantation the Bill for the Registering of Servants that shall go to Servant*, the Plantations, pursuant to Letters Patents granted for that Purpose, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Travers, according to Order, presented to the Tham«s House a Bill for the better Regulation and Encourage- Fishermen, ment of the Company of Fishermen of the River of Thames, and providing Seamen for their Majesties Fleet, and preventing Frauds in stealing Customs. And the same was received.

A Bill for repairing of Dover Harbour, was read the Dover Second time. Harbour.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Bill for the better Explanation of Two former Acts for the Settlement of the Poor, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Chctwin, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Colonel

Mr. Slater, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Bull, Mr. Mountague, Major Vincent, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Richard Clerke, Mr. Hart, Sir Robert Hart, Mr. Price, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Carter,

Sir Thomas Darcy, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Hawtry, Mr. Christie, Sir Math. Andrexecs, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Willmott, Sir Rog. Pu/eston, Mr.

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Serjeant Blincowe Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Bloufeild, Mr. Brexcer, Sif Fra. Vincent, Sir

Moreton, Sir Walter Youngs Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. England, Mr. Waller, Sir Cha. Wyndluim, Sit John Key, Air.

Palmes, Sir Sam. Bernardiston, Mr. Burdet, Sir Tho. Bernardiston, Mr. Faux, Sir Wm. Cooke, Sir Sir WiIlf.Lawson, Mr. Fenwick: And they are to meet

‘this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Settlement. Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth in the County the Poor, of Southampton, was read; setting forth, That *#.-Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill for the better Explaining of Two former Acts for the Settlement of the Poor, is committed.

Sir Thomas Clarges acquaints the House, that he having Oath of been with the Lords, according to the Order of Yesterday. Supremacy to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last in Ireland*

Conference;

Albury, &e. Lands

enfranchise-

ment.

Oath of Supremacy in Ireland.

Privateers.

East India Company.

Ditto.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

i o® — 11® Decembris.

581

whom the Bill for the Suppressing of Howlers and Pedlars, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Committee*.

Veneris, 11* die

3° Gulielmi el Mari®.

3 W..& M.

Conference; the Lords do agree to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the same Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference accordingly:

And being returned;

Sir Thomas Clarges reported from the Conference, That the Persons appointed had attended the Conference; and delivered to die Lords the Amendments made by this House to the Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill for abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths; and given the Lords Reasons for the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and Sir Adam Ottley;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Enfranchising of several Copyhold Lands and Tenements holden of the Manor of Albury and North Mims in the County of Hertford: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice Holt, and Mr. Justice Poicell;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, that the Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Amendments made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage Privateers against France, and for the better Security of the Trade of this Nation;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till 'Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

A Petition of Eliz. Lucas, Widow, and Eliz. her Daughter, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner’s Husband, in 1671, lett to Freight to the East India Company the Zant Frigate; in which Voyage the Captain, and above half the Men, died by Poison, and the Unhealth-fulness of the Climate: After which, the Company’s Agent made away with the said Ship, and sold the same to the King of Bant ham: Whereby the Petitioner’s Husband lost the same, with her Freight and Demurrage, amounting to Eleven thousand Pounds, but could obtain no more than One thousand One hundred Pounds of the Company for his Satisfaction; to the Ruin of himself and Family: He afterwards going to the East Indias in the Company’s Service, ended his Life there by Poison: And praying tile Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

be referred to the Committee of the whole House.

to consider further of the Petitions concerning the East India Trade, is referred.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself' into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petitions concerning the East India Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Guise took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Guise reported from the said Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the said Matter; and had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House w ill, Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petitions con- -cerning the East India Trade.'

Ordered, That Mr. Waller, Mr. Sir John

Bolles, Mr. Thompson, be added to the Committee to Vol. X.

Praters.

MR. Newport, according to Order, presented to the Campton’s House a Bill for the better enabling the Trustees "'ill. and Executors of Richard Campion, deceased, to perform his Will.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Debtor* supplying the Defects of the late Act for Relief of poor Relief. Prisoners.

Sir Jonath. Jennings, according to Order, presented to Brick mak*

the House a Bill for the better preparing and making of ing, &c.

Brick Tile and Plaster. And the same was received.

A Bill for preventing malicious Informations in the Malicious In-Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of formation*. Outlawries in the same Court, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, according to Order, presented Bankrupts, to the House a Bill for the better Discovery, and more equal Distribution of Bankrupts Estates. And the same was received.

Sir Richard Reynolds reported from the Committee '0 Beckrmm’s, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Nat Act for Naturalizing of Sir MarlynBeckman, Knight, and others, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in the same at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and are as followeth; viz.

Skin 1, Line 16, after " Holland," add " Henry de Massuede Ruvigny, Son oi Henry de de Ruvigny,

and Maria Tallemant, his Wife, born in Paris; Rowland Gowle, Son of Gerret van Gowle, and Jane his Wife, born at Jotleend, in Brabant; Jacob van Son of Fran-

cis van Flierden, and Eliz. Maslright, born at Rotterdam;

Anna Lowise Hinderson, Daughter of Colonel John derson, and Petronella his Wife, born at the Hague in Holland; Raymond de Smeth, Son of Conrade de and

Mary his Wife, born at Hamburgh; de laBas-

tide, Son of Colonel John de la Bastide, born in the City of Bern in Switzerland; John Teschemaker, Son of John Teschmaker, and Mary his Wife, born at Elverjeldl in Germany; Christian Bratt, Son of Andr. and Ingrith Eckman his wife, born at Gothenburgh in Sweden;

Simon Theunemans, Son of Simon and

Isabella Schott his Wife, born at Rotterdam in Holland; and Peter Meyer, Son of Jacob Meyer, and Eliz. Meyer, born at Hamburgh."

Line 31, after " Noortwyck," add " Henry de Massue de Ruvigny, Rowland Gowle, Jacob van Flierden, Anna Lowise Hinderson, Raymond de Smeth, Armand de la Bastide, John Wm. Teschmaker, Christian Bratt, Simon Theunemans, and Peter Meyer"

Skin 2, Line 6, after " Noortwyck" add Henry de Massue de Ruvigny, Roivland Gowle, Jacob van AnnaLowrise Hinderson, Rayntond de Smeth, Armand de la Bastide, John William Teschmaker, Christian Brait,

Simon Theunemans, and Peter Meyer,

Line 34, the same Amendment.

7 H And

582 II° — *2° Decetnbris. A. 1.691:

Tryals for Treason*

And the said Amendments being severally read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Reynolds do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with the said Amendments; and desire their Concurrence to the said Amendments.

Then the House proceeded, according to the Order of the Day, to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of Tryals, in Cases of Treason.

And the said Amendments were once read throughout; and are as follOweth;

In the Title, after " Treason," add " Tryals in Cases of Treason, and Misprision 6f Treason."

Skin 1, Line 2, after " Prosecution," read " Persons prosecuted."

Line 9, instead of " for. Remedy whereof," read " in order thereunto."

Line 11, for " indicted," read "prosecuted." '

Line 40, after " Witnesses," insert, " who shall then be."

Skin 2, Line 1, leave out " or otherwise."

Line 2, after " Case," leave out to " the," in Line 5; and insert " upon the Arraignment of any Person or Persons so accused or indicted, such Person or Persons shall desire Counsel."

Line 6, after " tried," add " or some Judge of that Court."

Line 8, leave out " such or other Counsel."

Line 9, after " Persons," add " such and so many Counsel, not exceeding Three, as the Person or Persons shall desire, Ten Days at least, before such Person or Persons shall be tried."

Line 10, for " Times," read " Hours."

Line 23, after " same," insert " or shall stand mute, or refuse to plead, or peremptorily challenge above the Number of Thirty-five of the Jury."

Line 33, after " Treasons," add " that shall be committed or done within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, after the said First Day of January." Skin 3, Line 19, leave out from " any" inclusive, to the End of the Bill; and read " limit any Time for impeaching in Parliament any Person or Persons for High Treason, or Misprision of such Treason; yet nevertheless, the Person or Persons so to be impeached, shall have Counsel, Witnesses sworn, and Process for them, Copies of the said Impeachment, and like Means of Defence, and in such Manner, as any other Persons, indicted for the said Offences, are hereby allowed to have and enjoy."

At the End of the Bill, add the Clause marked A; viz. " And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon the Tryal of any Peer or Peeress for any such Treason or Misprision of Treason, as aforesaid, that all the Peers, who have a Right to sit and vote in the Parliament, shall be duly summoned Twenty Days, at least, before every such Tryal, to appear at every such Tryal: And that every Peer so summoned, and appearing on such Tryal, shall vote in the Tryal of such Peer or Peeress so to be tried; he and they first taking the Oaths mentioned in one Act of Parliament made in the First Year of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths; and also subscribing and audibly repeating the Declaration mentioned in an Act of Parliament made in the Thirtieth Year of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King’s Person and Government, by disabling Persons from sitting in either House of Parliament." Then the several Amendments to the Amendment; 3 Skin, Line 19, were read a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

Amendment, Press 3, Line 19, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by inserting " and, " before " Copies;" and, after " Impeachments," leaving out the rest of that Amendment;

And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the same was agreed unto by the House.

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,} 208.

Tellers for the Noes,{^; } 153-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the last Amendment, by adding the Clause marked A, was read a Second time:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lord* upon the said Amendments.

And it is referred unto Mr. Attorney General, Sir Tho.

Clarges, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Jos. Williamson, Sir John Guise, Sir John Thomson, Sir Jos.

Tredenham, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Finch, Serjeant Blincoxce, Mr. Mountague, Sir Fra.Drake,

Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Clarke, Lord Parolett: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider. What the Charge of the Army in Ireland will be for the Year 1692, and how far that Kingdom can contribute towards the support of that Charge, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And that Sir John Lowth^r be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Estimates relating to the Army are referred, be made upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petitions concerning the East India Trade.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 12* die Decetnbris;

3° Gulielmi et Mariae.

P A Y e r s.

MR. Leving reports from the Committee to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of Anthony Eyre, Esquire, praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the Sale of an Estate in the County of Chester, and settling an Estate in Lincolnshire, of as good Value, and more to the Convenience of his Family, to the same Uses,'was referred, That they had examined and considered the Matters of the Petition accordingly; and found, That the Estate in Lincolnshire was, at least, equivalent to the Estate in Cheshire: And that they were of Opinion, and thought it reasonable to give Leave, That a Bill Should be brought in, as was desired.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Persons appointed Yesterday to prepare Reasons for a Conference with the Lords, do withdraw,

Army in Ireland.

Army

Estimates.

East India Compam.

Eyre's

Estate.

Reasons for Conference.

Davile’s

Estate*

Deer-

ste-ilers.

3 W. & M.

12° Decem

583

draw, and prepare the said Reasons: And that they, or any Five of them, do the same.

Mr. Christie reported from the Committee to whom, the Bill to enable Wm. JDavile to sell some Lands, for Payment of Debts, was re-committed, That they had considered the Petition of Anth. Gathorne, and his Wife referred to them; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; and taken particular Care of the Petitioners; which Amendments they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Robert Henlyreports from the Committee to whom

the Bill for the better Discovery of Deer-stealers, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House divided.

TeUerSfor.heY^{":r^' } 95,

Teller, for the },<*.

So it passed in the Negative:

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to search and inspect the Journals of this House, What Punish- ments and Censures have been inflicted upon Persons who have made false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; and to report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Tho. Littleton,

Mr. Dolben, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. -Harley, Mr.

Christie, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Robert Richi Sir Tho. Clarges,

Serjeant Wogan, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr.

Mountague, Serjeant B/imvue, Sir Peter Coliylon, Sir Jos. Williamson, Mr. Buscauen, Sir Jen'. Elzces, Sir Sum. Bemardiston, Mr. Beare, Mr. Faux, Sir Win.

Mr. Etterick, Mr. Berlye, Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr. Pelham:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers; and to sit de die in diem.

Ordered, That the King’s Surveyor of his Works, and Ceiling and chief Officers of the Works, do view the Ceiling and Root of the Roof of this House; and report the Condition thereof to IIou#e* this House on Tuesday Morning next: And that Mr.

Speaker do issue his Warrant for that Purpose.

Supply Bill; Mr. Attorney General, according to Order, presented Land lax. (0 tjlc House a Bill for the granting to their Majesties the Sum of One Million Six hundred fifty-one thousand Seven hundred and Two Pounds upon Land, towards the carrying on a vigorous War against France. And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read on Monday Morning next.

Royal Mines. Sir Robert Cotton reports from the Committee to whom

the Bill for explaining a Proviso touching Royal Mines, in the Statute made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for Repeal of the Statute of 5 Hen. IV. against multiplying Gold and Silver, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the King’s Counsel be then heard upon the said Bill.

Judges Com- Sir Walter Young, according to Order, presented to the missions, &. c. jjouse a [}ju for the ascertaining the Commissions and the Salaries of the Judges. And the same was received.

Recovery of Mr. Christie reported from the Committee to whom Tythes. the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Tythes, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some other Amendments proposed and agreed unto, and made in the Chair, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Election An ingrossed Bill, to prevent false and double Returns

Returns. of Members to serve in Parliament, was read the Third time:

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass; Vox.. X.

Ordered, That the Bill for paying the Army, according Punishing to the Musters of effective Men, and for better paying Mutiny and of Quarters, and likewise for preventing of false Musters, Desertion, and for punishing Mutineers and Deserters, be read the Second time upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for st. Martin’s the making a new Parish in the Out Parts of the Parish in the LVlu* of St. Martins in the Fields; and for settling Two new l>anslu Schools, and other Charities, erected by Dr.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Punishment intituled, An Act to take away the Clergy from some Of- of Offenders, fenders, and to bring others to Punishment, be read a Second time on Monday Morning next.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, publick proceeded in the further Consideration of the Observa- Accompts. tiens delivered in by the Commissioners appointed for taking the publick Accompts.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to unite and annex the Duchy of Lancaster, and Revenues thereof to . the Crown; and for the bringing those Revenues into the Exchequer.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Harly, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Sam Bemardiston, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Peter Collyton, Sir Betij.

Newland, Mr. Christie, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the same.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners do lay before this House the Particulars by which they observe, Tljat the Charge of the Civil List is increased by Pensions, and Allowances by Persons discharged of their Offices.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Salaries, Fees,

and Perquisites of all Offices under the Crown, shall be applied to the Use of the War, except Five hundred . Pounds, and to he allowed to such respective Officers (except the Salaries to the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Judges, Foreign Ministers, and to the Commission Officers serving in the Fleet and Army) for the said Offices.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, proceed in the further Consideration of the said Accompts; and the Observations delivered in by the Commissioners for taking the publick Accompts.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for granting to their sUppiy b,u Majesties certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Excise.

' Liquors,

584

12* — 140 D

A. 1691.

Liquors, for One Year, be read the Third time upon agreed to the Bill, with the said Amendments; and desire Monday Morning next their Concurrence to the said Amendments.

Lhnington

Election.

Army

Estimates.

Leave of A bsence.

Mountague’s

Estate.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Privileges and Elections do report the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Limington in the County of Southampton, upon Tuesday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 14* die Decembris;

30 Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

/~\RD ER.ED, That the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Estimates relating to the Army is referred, have Leave to sit, notwithstanding the House be sitting.

Ordered, That Sir TVm. Stevens have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, to attend the Funeral of a near Relation.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vesting and settling divers Lands in Gloucestershire, in Trustees, to be sold, for the paying the remaining Portions of the Children of George Esquire, deceased, was read the Second time,

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time.

St. Anne’s Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for sup-Parish"1181*1 plying the Defects in a late Act for erecting the Parish of ans ‘ Saint Anne out of the Parish of Saint Martins in the Fields.

Eurtoni

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the enabling Sir Thomas Burton, Baronet, to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Clandestine An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marriages, disabling Minors to marry without the Consent of their Fathers, or Guardians, and against their untimely Marry-' ing after the Decease of their Fathers; and for preventing ali clandestine Marriages for the future, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lord Hat- Sir Joseph Tredetfham reported from the Committee to ton’s Estate, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling a Fee Farm Relit of One hundred Pounds per Annum, upon the Bishop of Ely, and his Successors to be issuing out of Hatton Garden in the County of Middlesex, and the Messuages thereupon erected, and for settling and assuring the same, subject to the said Relit, upon Christopher hord Viscount Hatton, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and are as followeth; viz.

Press #, Line 2, after " ," add "under

which Conveyance the said Lord Viscount Hatton claimeth the Premises."

Line 8, after " Assigns," add " who are to hold the same, subject to the said annual Rent"

Which Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Jos. Tredenham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath

34

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Hoskyns;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell the Estate of Edward Smith, Esquire, deceased, to raise Monies for Payment of his Debts; and to make Provision for his Children who are Infants: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,' An Act for the better ascertaining the Tythe of Hemp and Flax, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Amendment to the said Bill was once read; And is,

Line 29, after " Shillings," add " before the same be carried off the Ground."

The said Amendment, being read the Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John do carry the Bill to

the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements in Thotpe, Langton, and elsewhere in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts of Richard Roberts, Esquire, and for raising Portions for his Daughters, be read Tomorrow Morning a Second time.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enfranchising several Lands and Tenements holden of "the Manor of and North Mims in

the County of Hertford, be read Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for One Year, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill; That true Notes of the Gauges shall be left by the Gaugers with all Brewers, or Retailers of Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, upon Penalty of for every Offence.

And the same was twice read, and amended at the Table.

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with " Forty Shillings."

And then it was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for One Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for the paying the Army, according to the Musters of effective Men, and for better Paying of Quarters, and likewise for Preventing of false Musters, and for punishing Mutineers and Deserters, was, according to the Order of the Day, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

The House being informed, that one Captain,

w'ho is in the Custody of one Davyes a Messenger, can inform of several Persons trading with France;

And the Question being put, That the said Tilford and Davyes be sent for to attend this House;

The

Smith’s

Estate*

Tythe of Hemp and Flax.

Robert’*

Estate.

Albury, &e. Lands

enfraucishe-

nient.

Supply Bill; Excise.

Punching Mutiny and Desertion.

Clandestine trading to France.

Causes in Chancery.

Conference

desired.

Army

Estimate*,

&r»

The House divided. Tiie Yeas 20 forth.

14° Decetnbris.

585

Tellers for the Yeu,{| jj

TeUers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

} 36. } >77-

A Message from the I.ords, by Sit* Miles Cooke and Sir John Iloshyns;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Reviewing of Causes in Chancery, and other Courts of Equity: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords desire a Conference with this House, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of a former Conference relating to Papers taken in a French Vessel.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and acquainted therewith.

Sir John Guise, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Estimates relating to the Army in England, Scotland, and the [Vest Indies, and to be transported beyond the Seas, was referred, That they had considered the same; and had come to several Resolutions thereupon; and directed him to report, That, out of the Sixty-four thousand Nine hundred and Twenty-four Men voted by the House for the Service of next Year, Twelve thousand Nine hundred and Sixty being set apart for the Service of under different Considerations of Pay and otherwise, from those within the Care of this Committee, the Numbers for other Service that remain, are Fifty-one thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-four: Which Forces stand upon Three Establishments; viz the English, the Danes, and the Dutch:According to which Method, the Committee proceeded, and considered first of the English Forces, in relation to their Order, Discipline, Pay, and to compare several Establishments made in the time of King Charles the Second, King James, and his present Majesty; and found a Difference in the Pay of the Two Regiments of English Foot Guards, their Pay being advanced; and then considered of the Officers and SoIdiersPay; and found to agree with the Establishment.

That the Committee considered of the Zhwis/!Establishment; and afterwards, the Dutch Establishments: Which, upon comparing, they found the Pay of some Officers greater than the English Establishments; and some Officers very low in their Pay upon the same Establishments; as Lieutenants and Ensigns, Three Shillings, and Two Shillings and Six-pence per Diem.

But that they thought it fit to have the English Establishments the Measure for all the rest, concerning the said Matters; and thereby, for One hundred Twenty-five Troops of 1 lorse, containing Seven thousand Seven hundred and Seventy Men, their Charge is Five hundred Thirty-three thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight-pence.

That, for Thirty-six Troops of Dragoons, containing Two thousand Four hundred and Eighty Men, the Charge is One hundred thousand Two hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence.

That, for Six hundred Fourteen Companies of Foot, making Forty-one thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen, the Charge isEight hundred Fifty-five thousand Eight hundred and Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings and Six-pence.

So that the Total of Horse, Dragoons, and Foot, is Troops and Companies 775 Number of Men - -51,964 £. s.

And the whole Charge of them - 1,489,829 J4 —

That, in the next place, the Committee considered of the List of the General Officers, and their Pay: And comparing it with the ancient English Establishment, in which there

VOL. X.

were not found Two General Officers that are upon the present List; viz. a General of the Foot, and a General of the Horse: Which was debated.

And that afterwards, the Committee took into Consideration the Establishment of the Garisons: And, having gone through all the Heads, entered into a Debate, That the Garisons being a like Charge in War and Peace, were Opinion, Nothing ought to be considered by them, but what was an extraordinary Charge, by reason of this Wan

That they then proceeded to consider of the Estimates for the Ordnance: And that it being agreed by those to whose Care it belonged, That the Estimates were calculated in a Proportion to the whole Number of Men voted: And that, whereas a little more than half were designed to pass the Seas, those Heads ought to be reduced accordingly’ which related to this Reference: Yet because all thelleads did not, they thought convenient to consider each Head particularly; and did the same accordingly.

So that the Sutn of Two hundred Fifty-four thousand Six hundred and Eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence, which was brought in upon the Heads of the Ordnance, was lessened to Two hundred and Ten thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Four Shillings and Five-pence.

That then the Committee considered the Estimate of the Transportation: Which they thought convenient likewise to consider, Head by Head: And being of Two Parts, one for the Transport of the Forces, the other of the Ordnance, they proceeded first upon the Forces! And whereas the whole Sum given in for the Transport* was One hundred and thirty-six thousand Pounds, they abated the same toN inety-tw’o thousand Two hundred and Seventy-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Two-pence.

That then they proceeded upon the Ordnance: Which was of the same Nature with the former: And whereas the whole Charge of transporting the Ordnance was given in at Tw enty thousand Three hundred and Seventy-five Pounds, they reduced the same to Fifteen thousand Four hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Six-pence.

But thatit seemed unreasonable, That the Forces Should be paid by the Day, and yet be provided at Sea also: And that the said Deductions being made through all theHeads of the Transports accordingly, the Two Totals for Trans-portation did make up the w hole Charge of Transportation, as abated by the Committee; a Deduction being made throughout all the Computation, according to the former Vote of the One hundred and Seven thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight-pence.

And that, in relation to the Matters aforesaid, the Resolutions of the Committee were as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Number of Officers and Soldiers in a Regiment be the same with the present Establishments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Pay to the Officers of the Two English Regiments of Foot Guards, established for the Year 1691, be continued for the Year 1692.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Pay of the Field Staff Officers, commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers upon the Establishments, designed to serve in England, Scotland, the Wes tIndies, and to be transported beyond the Seas, for the Year 1692, be the same with the Year 1691.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Danish Establishments afe reasonable to continue for the Service of the Year 1692.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Dutch Establishment be reduced to the English Rates wherein it exceeds the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Dutch Establishments be raised to the English Rates, wherein it is less.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Establishment of the Dutch Forces, being computed according to the English Pay, is reasonable, and to

7 I b«

5%6 14° —

Army be the Establishment for the Dutch Troops in the English

Estimates, Pay, for the Year 1692.

&,c< Resolved. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Pay in the Estimate laid before this Committee, for General Officers, be the Pay for the General Officers for the Year 1692.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Establishment of their Majesties Garisons and Forts for the Year 1692, are to be paid out of the public Revenue.

Resolved, That Twenty-two thousand Pounds of the Forty-four thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Four Shillings and Five-pence, in the Total of the first Head of the Estimates for the Ordnance, be deducted, in Consideration of the Forces remaining in England, Ireland, Scotland, and the West

That Twenty-two thousand Seven hundred and Seventy Three Pounds Four Shillings and Five-pence be a reasonable Estimate for the Recruits of the Arms, as likewise for the Proportion of Spare Arms for the same:

That the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds is reasonable to be allowed for Ammunition for the Forces for England, Scotland, the West Indies, and to be transported: That the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds is reasonable to be allowed for Tents for the Forces in England, Scotland, and the West Indies, and to be transported:

That the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds is reasonable to be allowed for the cleaning and repairing Arms, Armour, and other Stores, according to the Estimate delivered in by the Ordnance for the Year 169*2:

That the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds, for providing a Train of Artillery and Mortars, together with Bombs, Carcases, Shot, Waggons, Harness, Working Materials, and all other Necessaries for the same, is a reasonable Sum for the said Service for the Year 1692:

That the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds for the Charge of the proper Officers, Ministers, and Attendants, necessary for the said Train for one Year, as likewise for Providing and Keeping of Draught Horses, and other Contingencies, is a reasonable Sum for the said Service for the Year 1692:

That the Seventh Head of the Estimate for the Ordnance is not to be considered in this Committee, being a Part of the Ordinary.

Resolved, That Twelve Shillings per Ton per Month is a reasonable Rate to be allowed for Tonage for the Transport Ships:

That Two-pence Halfpenny per Pound is a reasonable Rate to be allowed for Cheese, for the Provisions for the Forces to be transported from Ireland to England, and from England to Scotland, beyond the Seas:

That Eleven Shillings a Hundred Weight is reasonable

Rate to be allow ed for Bread, for the Service aforesaid: That Forty-five Shillings per Ton is a reasonable Rate -to be allowed for Beer:

That Twenty Shillings per Ton is a reasonable Rate to be. allow ed for Cask for the said Beer:

That Six-pence a Man is a reasonable Allowance for Pumps, Buckets, Cans, Candles, &;c:

That Twelve Shillings per Quarter is a reasonable Allowance for Oats, together with Sacks, for the Service aforesaid:

That Forty Shillings per Load is a reasonable Allowance for Hay, for the Service aforesaid:

That Five Shillings per Stall is a reasonable Allowance for each Horse.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twenty Shillings per Ton is reasonable Allowance for Water Cask for the said Service:

That the like Abatements, upon the other Heads for transporting the Ordnance, be made proportionable to the aforesaid Resolutions for transporting the Land Forces.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Deduction be made out of the Pay of such of the above-mentioned Troops as shall be transported from Ireland, supposing them to be Eight Days on board; and from the Pay of such as shall be transported from Eng-

19

Lktembris. ^.1691.

land, supposing them to be Four Days on board; at the Rates of Twelve-pence per Diem for an Horse, Six-pence for a Dragoon, and Four-pence for a Foot Soldier; and for those wffiich shall go by Long Sea from Inland to Flanders, supposing them to be Twenty-one Days on board, at the same Rates.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report and Resolutions be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Supply, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.,

Ordered, That the Bill for granting to their Majesties Supply Bill j the Sum of One Million Six hundred Fifty-one thousand kUMl ,ax* Seven hundred and Two Pounds upon Lands, . the carrying on a vigorous War against be read To-

morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ad journed Debate of Thursday last, Privateers, touching the bringing in a Bill to encourage Privateers

m o n o

against France, and for the better securing the Trade of the Nation, be resumed upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom Army it the Consideration of the Estimate of the Forces in Ire- Ireland. land for the Year 1692, is referred, be made Tomorrow Morning. . '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning London next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Oipiian*. the whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning State of the next, at Ten a Clock, take into further Consideration the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mart is, 15* (lie Dccc

30 Gulielmi ctMaria?.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Hen. Portm Esquire, have i.eave0f Leave to go into the Country for a Month, his AbM-nce* Mother being ill.

Mr. Leving, according to Order, presented to the j.*vre*.

House a Bill to enable the Trustees of Anthony Eyre, Estate. Esquire, to sell Lands in the County of Chester, for the Payment of his Debts, and for the Settling of Lands in the County of Lincolne, of as good Value, in lieu thereof.

And the same was received.

SirThomas Clarges, according to Orefer, presented to the St Anne’s House a Bill for supplying the Defects in an Act made in " esuuinster the First Year of the late King James, for enabling the CijUIth* Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Anne within the Liberty of Westminster, to raise Money to build a Church to be the Parish Church there. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rolans' to vestcertain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements in y/rorpe, Eiu»u. Langton, and elsewhere, in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts of Richard Roberts, Esquire, and for raising Portions for his Daughters, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to SirTTta. Hasle-rig, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Gray, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Carter,

Sir John Carezo, Mr. Christie, Mr. Wuller, Mr. Mitchell,

Mr. Ilawtry, Mr. Biddolph, Sir Rob. Edon, Mr.

Sir

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Plantation

Servants.

Making

Sali-petrc.

Conference on intercepted Papers,

5 W. M. 150 Decembn 587

Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Mr. Slater,

Sir Tlw. Darcy, Sir Rob. Cotton.Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Colt,

Mr. Travers, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Leving, Sir Laumn, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Cary, Sir John Cotton, Sir John Dorrell, Sir Jos. Herne, Mr. Mr. Foster,

Sir Tho. Mackworth, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Wyndhatn, Mr.

Pendarvis, Sir JVm. Strickland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the granting to their Ma jesties the Sum of Sixteen hundred Fifty-one thousand Seven hundred and Two Pounds, upon Land, towards the carrying on a vigorous War against France, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for registring Servants that shall go to the Plantations, pursuant to Letters Patents granted for that Purpose, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Serjeant TrcMr. Burridge, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for making of Saltpetre here in England, is committed.

Then the Order of the Day, for a Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, was read.

Resolved, That the Persons who managed the former Conference, do manage this Conference to be this Day with the Lords.

And the Managers went to the Conference accordingly;

And being returned;

Colonel Granville reported, That the Managers had attended the Conference: And that the Earl of Rochester managed the Conference; and acquainted them, That the Lords had taken all the Care they could in examining the Matter-relating to the Papers taken in a French Vessel; and had directed, That the Examinations, together with their Opinion thereupon, Should be communicated to this House; and delivered the same to them: Which Colonel Granville delivered in at the Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow eth; viz.

"24 Novembris 1691."

" The House being informed, That Sir Ralph Delavall was at the Door, pursuant to the Order made Yesterday; he was called in; and sworn at the Bar: And, being asked several Questions concerning a Packet of Letters or Papers taken by Captain G ilia in in a French Vessel, and sent up by him hither; he said to the Effect following;

u That Captain Gil/amhaving taken a French Vessel,

and signifying to him, That there was Papers in it from the Governorof Lymerick;he sent his Smack for them:

Which after he had received, and being read to him, his Captain (who understood French, which he doth not) told him, That they related to the carrying the People from Lymerick: He said, the said French Captain was sent from Ireland to Brest, to Monsieur Shaternoe: But he not being the re, he was sent back again, to find hint out, to deliver him the said Papers. Some time after, when the Weather was a little calm, he called some Captains on board; amongst whom was the Lord ‘Danby; who read Part of the Papers cursorily; and said, They concerned the Treaty in Ireland. He saith the Papers he sent up were all he received from Captain: He

locked them up in his Closet, w'here he kept all his Concerns; and had but one Servant that used to go into his Closet, and he could neither wTite nor read. He saith, He never heard any one that saw the Letters or Papers say, That there was any Copy of a Letter amongst them from the Earl of Nottingham to himself."

" Then the French Captain, being called in, and sw'orn, says. That he was sent by the Intendant from Brest, Seventh September, New Stile, to The Twenty-

second October he went from Ireland: That the French General Dusone sent Two Gentlemen aboard him, to Vot. X.

carry to Brest; where he arrived the Twenty-ninth: That the Intendant of Brest sent him, with the Papers taken aboard him, to deliver to Monsieur Shalcrno where-ever he could find him: That he set Sail for First November; and was taken by Captain the Third:

And that he threw no Packet overboard; lie having no such Orders."

" Dorde Lin."

" Die Luna, 14 De 1691."

" Upon hearing the Fifth December instant what Captain Mariya said upon Oath; viz.

" Oct. 21. 1691.

" Wind at E. by S. blowing very hard, about Ten in the Morning the Chester came under our Stern with a French Prize: He called, and told us, That he had taken in that Prize, a French Packet, directed to Monsieur Cha ter nee.

It being such a great Sea, that no Boat could with Safety be put out. Sir Ralph Delavall ordered to send our Smack to bring the said Papers on board: Which he did, by heaving a Lead Line on board the Chester, to which they made fast the Packet; which the Smack, in the like manner, did heave on board us. Tjie Paper was tied up in a Parchment Cartridge; which was brought to Sir Ralph Delavall as we w ere at Prayers. Alter Prayers, Sir asked me, if I could interpret French: I answered, That I was no Master of that Language, but that I understood it a little. He desired me to read those Letters, and to endeavour to let him know, What they imported: And, after. I had perused them, I told Sir Ralph, That the Tenour of the Letter from General Ginckle to him was as followeth."

" Sir,

" Having understood by my Lord Nottingham, That you are to command the Squadron of Ships designed to cruise upon the Coast of Ireland, I thought fit to acquaint you, That, by the Capitulation of the Surrender of Lymerick, all Hostilities are to cease, both by Sea and Land, upon that Coast of Ireland, till such time as the French and Irish Troops that are in Ireland be transported: W herefore, if you Should meet with any French Ships of Transport, or others, I desire that it may be observed by you; because it will tend very much to the putting an End to the Business in Hand. The French General hath w rote in the same manner to him, that is, to command their Squadron upon this Coast. As I remember, one of the Copies was attested by Governor of Lymericke."

"The Copy of the Letter from the French General to Monsieur ChasleauRenault, or him that commanded the French Squadron upon the Coast of Ireland, was, to the best of my Memory, as followeth."

" Sir,

" I thought fit to acquaint you, At the Surrender of Lymerick, it was agreed with him that commanded the English Squadron in the Shannon, That all Hostilities Should cease, by Sea as well as by Land, till such Time as the French and Irish Troops are transported: Wherefore I advise you, with the Ships of Vrar under your Command, to come to an Anchor in Dingle Pay, and send the Transport Ships into the Shannon, for the more easy' imbarking his Majesty's Troops aboard the Transport Ships; where Transport Ships will be very safe: Or to that Purpose."

" And in a Postscript;"

" Sir, Since I wrote this, having understood that Dingle Bay is dangerous, and not a safe Road for this Season of the Year, I desire that you anchor in the Bay,

near to the Isle of Scatterozcc."

" There w ere some other Letters from private Persons, but of no Import."

" That is all that , told Sir Ralph Delavall: And farther I know not."

And afterwards the Lord Keveton, in his Place, having expressed himself to the Effect following; 'ihathedid verily believe, he had seen a Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Nottingham in the Packet taken on board the French Vessel, as he had formerly informed this House:

Leave of Absence.

Lord

Hatton’s

Lstute.

Causes in Chancery*

Army in Ireland.

15 " Decembrt

A. i6$u

Yet, acknowledging he was in great Haste when he saw that Packet, by reason of the Badness of the Weather, which obliged him to return on board his own Ship as soon as possibly he could; and, considering the Worth and Integrity of Sir Ralph DelaCaptain (who

had more Leisure than his Lordship had to consider all the Papers that were found in the said Packet; who both agreed in their Informations to this House, That there was no Copy of any Letter from the Earl of Nottingham taken in the said Packet;) his Lordship having owned, that he believed himself mistaken in his former Affirmation; which was occasioned, as his Lordship believes, from having seen the Earl of Nottingham's Name in the Beginning of \lom\eur Giuck/c'sLetter to Sir Ralph De-

lav nil, of which there were Two or Three Copies found in the said Packet; Their Lordships are of Opinion, upon all the Informations they have taken of this Matter, That there was not a Copy of any Letter from the Earl of Nottingham to Sir Ralph Ddavall taken on board the said French Vessel.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, That there was not a Copy of any Letter from the Earl of Nottingham to Sir Ralph Delavall taken on board the said French Vessel.

Ordered, That Sir Rich. Hart have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for his Health.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir James Astry;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling a Fee Farm Relit of One hundred Pounds pa' Annum upon the Bishop of Fly, and his Successors, to be issuing out of Hatton Garden in the County of Middlesex, and the Messuages thereupon erected; and for settling and assuring the said Relit upon Christopher Lord Viscount Hatton, his Heirs and Assigns for ever.

Also the Lords do desire, That the Bill sent down Yesterday, intituled, An Act for the better Reviewing of Causes in Chancery, and other Courts of Equity, may be returned; that it may be signed by the Clerk, according to usual Form.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then Sir John Guise reported, according to the Order of the Dav, from the Committee appointed to consider, What tl le Charge of the Army in Ireland will be for the Year 1692, and how far that Kingdom can contribute to the Support of that Charge, That they had considered the same: And that there were Two Establishments offered to the Committee for Ireland, one by a very experienced Member of the House, the other by the Paymaster ot Ireland: Both which being read, and the ancient Establishments compared, there appeared to be some Difference in Forming of the Regiments, computed at near double the Number; which did not appear to be so in King Charles the Second's Time; by which there might have been about Thirty thousand Pounds lessened of the Expence: But that many of the Committee were of an Opinion, That that Manner of forming Regiments was not to be approved of: And that therefore the Question was put, That the First Establishment brought in to the Committee Should be the Establishment for Ireland, for the Year 169 2: But that it was carried in the Negative. And that then the Question being put upon the Second Establishment; the same was resolved in the Affirmative: And that That Deduction was always made in Ireland, in the Time mentioned in the Resolution of the House.

That then the Committee began to consider of the General. Officers, Ordnance, ana Ammunition: But that it was their Opinion, That that was not within the Order of the Committee.

That then the Charge of the Civil List was given in at Twenty-three thousand Pounds: But that, after several

Arguments, the same Committee came to a Resolution concerning the same.

That the before-mentioned was the Charge that will he at for Support of the Government and Forces in the Year 1692.

That afterwards the Committee considered, What it would pay towards that Charge: And, in order to That, perused ancient Accompts of that Kingdom; and from thence took Mediums, allowing Difference by reason of the War, by a general Consent of the Committee: And came to several Resolutions thereupon; viz.

Resolved, That a Deduction being made out of the Establishment delivered by Mr. Fox, of Twenty-nine Days in the Year, the said Establishment be the Establishment for Ireland, for the Year 1692: And comes to

That the Charge of the Civil List for'

Ireland will be, for the Year 1C92

213,441 4 —

18,000-----

231,441 4

Resolved, That the Customs inward' and outward, and imported Excise of Ireland, for the Year 1692, will amount to, neat Money

That the inland Excise, and Ale, and' Wine Licences in Ireland, will, for the Year 1692, neat Money, amount to -J That the QuitRents of for the!

Year 1692, neat Money, will amount toj That the casual Revenue, and Rentsl of the forfeited Lands in Ireland, for the > Year 1692, neat Money, will amount toj That the Hearth Money in Ireland,\ for 1692, will amount to - - -/

80,000-----

50,000-----

33.000 -

10.000 -

17.000 -

190,000-----

That, for the Year 1G92, there be")

applied to the paying off the Forces to >172,000-----

remain in Ireland, of the Revenue therej

So that the several Heads, according to the several Resolutions aforesaid, amount as followeth:

That the Revenue of Ireland, in the!

Whole, is the Sum of - - ^W000 — —

Out of which, taking for the Civil List 18,000-----

There remains - - - - 172,000-----

And that the Charge being - - 213,441 4 —

The said one hundred Seventy-two! thousand Pounds being deducted; there ! 41,441 4 —

remains for England to pay - -J

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report and Resolutions be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

' Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the said Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the Matter to them referred: And that they had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, after the Committee of the whole House hath sat upon the Bill for paying the Army according to the Musters of effective Men, and for better paying of Quarters, and likewise for Preventing of false Musters, and for punishing Mutineers and Deserters.

Ordered,

Supply.

3 W.

150- — 1 6°Decembris.

589

"Royal

Aliues.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon the Bill for Then the House resumed tie adjourned Debate of Privateers, explaining a Proviso touching Royal Mines, in the Sta- Monday last, touching the bringing in a Bill to encourage tute made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, in- Privateers against France, and for the better securing the

Leave of Absence.

Members not to be absent without Leave.

Trade of the Nation.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for Encouraging of Privateers against France, and for the better Security of the Trade of this Nation, upon the Debate of the House: And that Sir John Guise, Colonel Perry, Sir Thomas Ordered, That Mr. Bromly have Leave to go into the Clarges, Sir John Dorrell, Sir Samuell Sir

1_ 1_\ _ 'I'M__ T T T _ I 1 _ 1 _ \ \ T 1 1*_ *11 MJ />/i Mm A il.f M U ft I //»V 1 M U/iAA /V / //f/M /f 11 J M f/M

tituled, An Act for Repeal of the Statute of the Fifth Hen. IVtli, asrainst multiplying Gold and Silver, be resumed; and the King s Counsel heard upon the said Bill upon Tuesday Morning next.

Country for Three W eeks, his Wife being ill.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to go out of Town without Leave of the House first obtained; ami the same to be moved only between the Hours of Eleven and Two of the Clock: And that if any of the Members do go out of Town without such Leave, tlmt they be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Eijrht a Clock.

Morning,

Mcrcurii, 16° die Decembris;

n*

D

Ciulielmi ct Maria;.

Campion’s tV ill-

A

P K A V K K S.

BILL for the better enabling the Trustees and of Richard Campion^ deceased, to per-

Etfecutor:

form his Will, was read the Second time.

Jklbury, &c.

Lands

Enfran-

chisements

Debtors

Escapes.

John Dorrell, Mr. Bracer, Mr. Palmes, Mr Sir

Rob. Ilcnly, Sir Rob. Edon, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr.

ha ugh, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir 7 Darcy, Major Mr. Cary, Mr. Waller, Mr. Neale, Mr. Mr.

Thomson,. Sir Wilfred Laxcson, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Slater, Mr. Henley, Sir Jennings:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Enfranchising of several Copyhold Lands and Tenements, holden of the Manor of Albury, and North Mims, in the County of Hertford, w-as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Relief of Creditors, and preventing Escapes, be read Tomorrow Morning.

O

Rob.Davers, Mr. Papillion, Sir Ben.Nexcland, Mr. Gwyn,

or any Three of them, do prepare and bring in the Bill.

A Bill for granting to their Majesties the Sum of Six- Supply Bill; teen hundred fifty-one thousand Seven hundred and Two Land Tax. Pounds, upon Land, towards the carrying on a vigorous War against France, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Tow n and County of Southampton, was read; setting forth, That the Town, having been decaying for many Years past, are not able to bear that Share of Taxes as formerly; and being joined with Hampshire, and so receiving their Quota from the Commissioners of the County at large; and the Commissioners of the said

j O 7

Town not admitted to vote at the General Meeting of the Commissioners of the County; cannot hitherto obtain Redress: And praying the House would please to set their Quota of w hat Taxes shall be thought fit to be laid upon us, proportionable to other Places in their Condition.

And the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of -the whole House;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-~ resolve itself into a Coni-

consider of the said Bill.

Members of this House do, upon Saturday Morning next, present to the House the Names of Commissioners for the several Counties, Cities, and Places, as is usual, to be inserted into the said Bill.

X

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Punishing resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for paying the Army according to es,r lon‘ the Muster* of effective Men, and for better Paying of Quarters, and likewise for Preventing of false Musters, and for punishing Mutineers and Deserters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That Mr. Attorney General do take the Chair of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Corn-

Bankrupts. Ordered, That the Bill for the better Recovery, and mittee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made

more equal Distribution, of Bankrupts Estates, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Plantation An ingrossed Bill for the Registering of Servants that Servants. shall go to the Plantations, pursuant to Letters Patents granted for that Purpose, was read the Third time:

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass; The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

(Mr.

Tellers for the Yeas,

I Sir Tho. Bernadiston,

Tellers for the Noes ^Sir Hussey,

tellers lor urn Aoes, Rq/)

So it passed in the Negative.

} 29. } 9°*

Westminster Small Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better recovering small Debts, and relieving poor Debtors in the City and Liberties of Westminster: And that Sir Tho. Clarges do prepare and bring in tho Bill. Vol. X.

several Amendments; which they had directed him tp report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report he made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of CaM Privileges and Elections do report the Matter touching Election, the Election for the Borough of Caine in the County of Wiltshire, upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That the House will, upon This day-seven- Dover night, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, resolve itself Harbour, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, punishment intituled, An Act to take away Clergy from some of Offewkri. Offenders, and to bring others to Punishment, be read a Second, time Tomorrow Morning.

7 K Ordered,

Africa®-

Trade.

Making

Saltpetre.

Robert*'

Estate.

St. Martin's in the Fields new Parish.

Eyre’s

Estate.

Selling

Offices.

Bankrupts.

Trials for Treason.

Woolen

CTrade.

590 16° — 17° D. 1691.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Rich, Mr. Pills, Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Wharton, Sir John Guise, Mr. Burridge, be added to the Committee

to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants of the City of Exeter, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley, Mr. Mr. Brent,

Mr. Trenchard, be added to the Committee to whom it

is referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for the Making of Saltpetre here in England.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in Thorpe, Langton, and elsewhere, in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts of Richard Roberts, Esquire, and for raising Portions for his Daughters, was committed, be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 17° die Decem

30 Gulielmi. . Marise.

Prayers.

SIR Stephen Fox, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the making a new Parish in the Out Parts of the Parish of St. Martins the Fields, and for settling Two Schools and other Charities erected by Doctor Tennison.And the same was received.

A Bill to enable the Trustees of Anlh. Eyre, Esquire, to sell Lands in the County of Chester for the Payment of his Debts, and for the Settling of Lands in the County of Lincolne, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill against the Buying and Selling of Offices.

A Bill for the better Recovery, and more equal Distribution of Bankrupts Estates, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Mountague reports from the Committee appointed to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing with their Lordships in their Amendments to the Bill for the Regulating of Tryals, in Cases of Treason, That they had prepared the same accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he delivered in at the Table: Where the same were twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

Reason for the First Amendment.

The Course of Impeachments in Parliaments being an Institution necessary for preserving the Government, the Commons cannot consent to admit any thing relating the reunto in general Words; because they may be liable t6 divers Constructions; and the Proceedings, in such Cases, thereby rendered ineffectual.

Reason for the Second Amendment The Clause marked A, added by the Lords, is of a different Nature from the Intent ana Purport of the Bill; which is designed to extend no further than to allow the Subject a more equal Way of making their Defence, in Tryals of Treason, and Misprision of Treason; but not to alter the Court, or the Method of constituting it. ' Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Mountague do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Weavers, Clothworkers, and others, employed about the Woolen Manufacture, in the County of Gloucester, was read; setting forth, That

the Clothing Trade and Woolen Manufacture is much declined within few Years past, whereby many Families are ruined; which Mischiefs do proceed from the late Alterations made in the Coarse of their Trade, partly by certain Wool Broggers and Ingrossers of Wool; who. Contrary to Law, ingross and buy up the Wool of those that breed it, and send it to London, and afterwards from thence send it down, and sell it into the Petitioners County; and partly also by the Factors at Blackxcell-Hall; who, combining with the said Ingrossers, by their Ways of accompting, and other Artifices, do necessitate the Clothiers to take off the Wool of the Ingrossers; so that the Petitioners can have no Redress elsewhere than in Parliament: And praying, That the House would take this Grievance into their Consideration; and to provide such timely Redress, that the Petitioners Trade may be again restored, by totally suppressing the said Ingrossers and Factors.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill upon the said Petition: And that Sir John Guise do bring in the same.

Ordered, That Sir John Barker have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, his Lady being ill.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Miller have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Dore have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, to his Command there.

Ordered, That Richard Nexcport, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Edw. Seymour have Leave to go into the Country, his Mother being ill.

Ordered, That Mr. Bull have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson have Leave to go into lire Country, for Recovery of his Health.

The House being acquainted, that the Messengers, who did, upon Tuesday last, bring a Message from the Lords, That the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Reviewing of Causes in Chancery, and other Courts of Equity, might be returned to them, that the same might be signed by the Clerk according to the usual Form, attended for an Answer of the said Message;

Ordered, That the Bill be returned to the Lords.

And the Messengers were called in: And the Bill delivered to them accordingly.

Mr. Mountague reports, That he having, according to their Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Conference with their Lordships upon the Amendments, by them made, to the Bill for regulating of Trials, in Cases of Treason,- their Lordships do agree to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the Members appointed to draw the Reasons to be offered at the Conference, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference accordingly: And being returned;

Mr. Mountague reported, That they had attended the same; and had given the Lords their Reasons for disagreeing with their Lordships in the said Amendments.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole . .; .., to consider further of the Petitions concerning the East India Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Guise took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir

Leave of Absence.

Causes ir>

Chancery.

Trials for Tmisom

East Indtu Company.

3 W. £2* M. i 70 Decembris.

Sir John Guise reports from the said Committee, That

the said Committee had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not less than One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, and not exceeding Two Millions, is a Fund necessary to carry on the East India Trade, in a joint Stock.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no one Person shall have any Share, in a joint Stock for the East India Trade, exceeding Five thousand Pounds, either in his own Name, or any other in Trust for him.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no one Person shall have above One Vote in a Company trading to the East Indies: And that each Person who has Five hundred Pounds Stock therein have One Vote.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Company to trade to the East Indies shall be obliged to export every Year, in their Trade, Goods, being the Growth and Manufacture of this Nation, to the Value of One hundred thousand Pounds, at least.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no private Contracts shall be made, but all Goods sold at publick Sales by Inch of Candle, except Saltpetre, for the Use of the Crown.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the East India ..... be obliged to sell the King, yearly, Saltpetre refined (the Refraction rjot exceeding Four or Five per Cent, out of One hundred and Twelve Pounds), Five hundred Ton, at the Rate of Thirty Pounds per Ton.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Lot shall be put at any Sales in the East India Company, at onetime, exceeding Five hundred Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person shall be Governor or Deputy Governor of the Company to trade to the East Indies, w ho has less Share in the Slock, than Two thousand Pounds; or Committee-man, that has less than One thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Election of Governor, Deputy Governor, and Committee, for the Company to trade to the East Indies, be made every Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Dividends be made in Money.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Dividends be made, without leaving a sufficient Fund to pay all Debts, and carry on the Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Valuation of the Stock be made every Five Years by the Accomptant of the Company, upon Oath, to be seen by all such as are concerned therein.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Ships, either with Permission or without, for the future, be allowed to go to the East Indies, except only such as shall be of a Company, or be established by Act of Parliament.

Resolved, That no By Laws shall be binding to the Company, but such as are approved of by a General Court of Adventurers, and are not repugnant to the Laws of the Land.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the joint Stock of a Company to trade to the East Indies be for Twenty-one Years, and no longer.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, to leave out " One million Five hundred thousand Pounds."

And the Question being put, That the Words " One million Five hundred thousand Pounds" do stand Part of the said Resolution:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Vol. X.

TelWs for the Yen (SkSamuellBernardision, \ East India 1 ellers for the 1 eas, jMr Onslow,

Tellers for the Noesi R^Zl I in.

’(Mr. Hopkins, J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second and Third of the said Resolutions being

severally read a Second time; the same were, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the

House.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " One hundred thousand Poundsand inserting, instead thereof, " Two hundred thousand Pounds."

And the Question being put. That " One hundred thousand Pounds" do stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That "Two hundred thousand Pounds" be inserted into the said Resolution.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Company to trade to the East Indies shall be obliged to export every Year, in their Trade, Goods being the Growth and ^lanufacture of this Nation, to the Value of Two hundred thousand Pounds, at least.

The Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth,

Eleventh, Twelfth, Thirteenth, Fourteenth, Fifteenth,

Resolutions being severally read a Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Motion being made, and the' Question being put,

That this House do, Tommorrow' Morning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions concerning the East India Trade;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for he Y'^Gr^Ule, } ,

Tene.for.heNoeS{^"'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir James As try;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Amend- Beckman's, ments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act &c. Nat. for naturalizing Sir Martin Beckman, and others.

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Drax's to vest the Estate late of Henry Drax Esquire, deceased, Estate, in Thom. Shatterden, Gentleman, and others, to enable the said Thom. Shatterden, and others, to whom the Estate is devised, to make a Jointure: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Causes in for the better Reviewing of Causes in Chancery, and Chancery, other Courts of Equity: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Hugh Fortescue, Esquire, a Member Defaulter at of this House, who was ordered to be sent for in Custody Call of the of the Serjeant at Arms, for not attending the Service of House-this House, be admitted into the House; having paid his Fees to the Serjeant

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of the pUnisliin® whole House, to whom the Bill for paying the Army Mutiny and according to the Musters of effective Men, and for Desertion, better Paying of Quarters, and likewise for Preventing ' of false Musters, and for punishing Mutineers and Deserters, ..... do make his Report thereof upon Satur-

day Morning next.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Caine, fee. Privileges and Elections do report the Matter touching Elections, the Elections for the Borough of Caine in the County of ffills, and of Lyminglon in the County of Southampton,

Tomorrow

Committees.

St Anne’s, Westminster, Church.

Clandestine

Mortgages.

Seamen-

Debtors

Escapes.

Duties on Spirits from Melasses.

59^ 170 — 18° De. A. 16o i.

Tomorrow Morning, after the Business touching the East India Company is over.

Ordered \That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 18* die Decembris;

3° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

ABIL L for supplying the Defects in an Act made in the First Year of the late King for enabling

the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Anne within the Liberties of Westminster to raise Money to build a Church to be the Parish Church there, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Burdet, Sir Sam. Mr. Cooke, Sir

Wm. Cooke, Mr. Haw, Mr. Christie, Mr. Mannaton, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Blmti'eild, Mr. Bromly, Sir Thomas Darcy, Mr. JValler, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Sir Rob. Henley,

Major Vincent, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Laves, Mr. Slater, Sir Wilfred Lawson, Mr. Henley, Mr. Ash, Mr. Hedger, Colonel Lee, Sir John Dorrell, M Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Beddingfield, Mr. Slater, Mr. Mr.

and all the Members that serve for the County of Middlesex, ami Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwarke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Frauds by clandestine Mortgages.

And the Bill was presented to the House by Mr. Walter; and received.

Sir Richard Onslow, according to Order, presented to

the House, a Bill for the more speedy and effectual furnishing their Majesties Navy and Merchant Ships with Seamen. And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the better Relief of Creditors, and preventing Escapes, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Merchants and Planters trading to and interested in their Majesties Sugar Plantations, was read; setting forth, That the Product of the Plantations are much lessened by heavy Taxes; and that, the last Sessions of this Parliament, an Act passed, which imposed a high Duty on Spirits drawn from Melasses, above what was laid on Spirits drawn from other Materials, and is interpreted to lay the Duty not only on Spirits made of Melasses in Kind, but from Melasses produced from Sugars w-roughf in England', which was a very great Damage to the Plantations, and the Refining Trade of this Nation: That the said Act has not answered the Ends designed thereby, for that it has manifestly checked the Increase of the growing Expence of Spirits, if not much lessened the same: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that in regard of the high Duties upon Spirits drawn from Melasses, more than upon Spirits drawn from other Materials.

Resolved, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Gzcyn, Sir Dashzvood, Mr. Colt, Mr. Perry, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Carter, Sir

John Knight, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Slater, Colonel Lee, Sir Jonath.Jennings, Sir John Dorrell, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Rub. Edon, Sir Janies Rushout, Major Vincent, Sir Ralph

Dutton, Sir Robert Henley, Mr. Hawtry, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Henley, Sir Temple, Mr.

Mr. Dyot, Sir Wilfred Lawson, Mr. Bloztfeild, Mr.

Christie, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Slater, Si Colleton,:

Mr. Vincent, Sir Rich.Onslozc, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Bracer, Mr /Mr. Greenjtihl, Sir Jos. Tredenliam: And they are to meet this After-'

noon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Impositions upon Sugar Outwards: and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Crips, Gentleman, was read; setting forth, That, upon the Petitioner’s Marriage, the Manors of Kersey, situate in River Ewell and in Com,

was settled on Trustees, in Trust to the Petitioner for Life; Remainder to his Wife; Remainder to their Issue Male; Remainder to the Petitioner's right Heirs: But that the said Manor lies remote from other Part of the Petitioners Estate: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to sell an Estate in the County of Kent, lying remote from his other Estate; and to settle another F.state, of greater yearly Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

Resolved, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report the Matter specially to the House.

And it is referred unto Mr. Mr.

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Carter, Mr. Sir Math. A net races,

Mr. St.John, Sir John Bancks, Mr. Campion, Mr.

Bridger, Colonel Lee, Mr. Price, Mr, Robo ts, Major Vincent, Mr. Greenjeild, Mr. Bancks, Sir I Cm. Honey-

wood, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Waller, Mr. Parker, Mr. Beddingjeitd, Sir Tho. And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Arnold, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for supplying the Defects in the late Act made for Relief of poor Prisoners. And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of Deer-stealers, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of Deer-stealers.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Henley do cany the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Air. Fullford have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon sevennight: And that such Alembers of the House as shall not then attend and appear, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petitions concerning the East India Trade.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Guise took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Guise reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read through-out; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons now having above the Sum of Five thousand Pounds in Stock of the present India Company, in their own or other Persons Names, be obliged to sell so much thereof as shall exceed the aforesaid Sum of Five thousand Pounds, at the Rate of One hundred Pounds for every Ore hundred Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That the Members of the Committee of the East India Company be obliged to give Security, to be approved of by the House, that the Stock, and Estate they now have

shall

Clips* Estate.

Debtors 1 relief.

Deer

Stealers.

Leave of Absence.

Call of the House.

East Iiitlia. Company.

3 W. & M. 18* — 19" 593

shall be made good Seven hundred Forty-four thousand Pounds, all Debts paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Security being first given, an humble Address be presented to his Majesty to incorporate the present East tLidia Company by Charter, according to the Regulations agreed upon by the House, that the same may pass into an Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

Then the said Resolutions were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of the East India Company do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, to give Security, according to the said Resolution.

Lymington, Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Pri-&c.El«ctions. vj]eges and Elections do report the Matter touching the # several Elections for the Boroug^ of Lymington in the County of Southampton, and Caine in the County of Wilts, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 19* die

30 Gulielmi et Marias.

fv*^pi0B* A/CR. Christie reports from the Committee to whom ' ' JlVjL the Bill for the better enabling the Trustees and

Executors of Richard Campion, deceased, to perform his Will, was committed. That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once

read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, 4ipon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Westminster Sir Thomas Clarges, according to Order, presented to Small Debts, the House a Bill for the better Recovering of small Debts, and relieving poor Debtors in the City and Liberties of Westminster. And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Chap- Resolved, That the humble Address of this House, the "* Two last Sessions of Parliament, That his Majesty would

be graciously pleased to confer on Mr. Manningham, the Chaplain of this House, the next Prebend of Westminster or Windsor that Should fall, be, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, humbly renewed to his Majesty.

Drax’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. to vest the Estate of Henry Druse, Esquire, deceased, in Thomas Shatter den. Gentleman, and to enable the said Thomas Shatterden. and others, to whom the said Estate is devised, to make a Jointure, was read the First time. Resoived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Seamen. A Bill for the more speedy and effectual furnishing

their Majesties Navy and Merchant Ships with Seamen, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Dyett have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, his Wife being ill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Vol. X.

That Mr. Hen. Bertye have Leave to go into the Country;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Lord Fairfax have Leave to go into Leave of Kent for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir James Astry; '

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Moor's An Act for enabling Francis Moor, Esquire, to sell the Estate. Manor of Bay-house, and Lands in West Thorock in the County of Essex, and to purchase and settle other Lands, in lieu thereof: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon Excise. , Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for One Year, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Pri- Lymington, vileges and Elections do report the Matter touching the &c.Electioi». several Elections for the Borough of Lymington in the County of Southampton, and Caine in the County of Wilts, upon Twestfoy-sevennight.

Then the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve Supply Bill; itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Land Tax. of the Bill for granting to their Majesties the Sum of Sixteen hundred Fifty-one thousand Seven hundred and Two Pounds, upon Land, towards the carrying on' a vigorous War against France, was read.

Resolved, That the said Committee of the whole House be impowrered to prepare and bring in a Clause of Appropriation to the said Bill, upon the Debate of the House.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the said Committee, That they had made a considerable Progress in the said Bill: And that they had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Committee do prepare and bring in a borrowing Clause to the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, after the Matter touching the said Bill is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That Mr. Manley have Leave to withdraw Truroe his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Election. Truroe, in the County of Cornwall.

Resobced, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- London ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Orphans, of the whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- state of th» ing next, take into further Consideration the State of the Nation. Nation.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of the p^ing whole House, to whom the Bill for paying the Army, Mutiny and according to the Musters of effective Men, and for better Desertion. Paying of Quarters, and likewise for preventing of false Musters, and for punishing Mutineers and Deserters,

.....do make his Report thereof upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

7 L Ordered,

K

Committees.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Royal

Mines.

Committees.

Westminster Small Debts.

5p4 19* — ° — 22

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. '

And then the' Hodse adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Luna,21* die;

3° Gulielmi et Marias:

Prayers.

THE House according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to their Majesties the Sum of Sixteen hundred fifty-one thousand Seven hundred and Two Pounds upon Land, towards the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments therein; and had also, according to Order, prepared a Clause of Appropriation, and a borrowing Clause to be added to the Bill: And that they had directed him to report the Bill, with the Amendments and Clauses, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Nine a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the said Report is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for paying the Army, according to the Musters of effective Men, and for better Paying of Quarters, and likewise for preventing false Musters, and for punishing Mutineers and Deserters, . do make his Report thereof Tomorrow Morning, after the said Committee of the whole House have sat upon the Supply.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon the Bill for explaining a Proviso touching Royal Mines, in the Statute made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for Repeal of the Statute of 5 Heny IV. against multiplying Gold and Silver, be resumed; and the King’s Counsel heard upon the said Bill upon wawfay-sevennight.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mart is 22* die Decembris;

30 Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

ABILL for the Recovering of small Debts, and for Relieving of poor Debtors in Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir John Carat\Mr. Mr. Lewis,

Colonel Saekvile, Mr.' Roberts, Lord Eland, Mr. Dolben,

Mr. Hazelly, Mr. Mountague, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Rob. Henly, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Mr. Lutterell,

Mr. Beddingfcihl, Mr. Christie, Sir Peter Colleton, Mr.

How, Sir Math. Andrcues, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Tho. Travel!, Colonel Lee, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Bracer, Mr. England, Sir WCook, Mr. Cary, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Travers, Dr. Barbon, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Bale, Mr. Carter, Sir Clarges, and all

the M embers that serve for the County of Middlesex, and 22

Decembris. rtfpi.

City of Westminster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from die Lord's, intituled, An Act to take away Clergy from some Offenders, and to bring others to Punishment, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief of Creditors, against fraudulent Wills and Devises.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to euable Trustees to sell the Estates of Edward Smith, Esquire, deceased, to raise Money for the Payment of his Debts, and to make Provision for his Children, who are Infants, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain a Clause in the late Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes in the County of Middlesex, and Borough of Southwark, and other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Markets therein mentioned, touching Cart and Car Wheels.

A Petition of the Refiners of Sugar in England, was read; setting forth, That this Kingdom, being Master of the best and most considerable Sugar Plantations in the whole World, might enrich itself by encouraging the Refining of our Brown Sugars; and so enable our Merchants to supply Foreign Markets with the home-made White Sugars: That the Dutch, Hamburghers, and French, hate most studiously encouraged this expensive and profitable Trade within themselves, having been greatly enabled thereunto by an Act made i° Jac. IIdl; which has proved a very great Discouragement and Weakening to thisTrade here at Home: And that, by reason another Act made in the last Sessions, for encouraging the Consumption of Cora, a very high Duty is laid, not only on the Low Wines drawn from the Plantation Melasses, but also upon the Low Wines drawn from the home-made Melasses, the Petitioners are disabled in the carrying on of their Trade; and if not relieved by the House, the aforesaid beneficial Trade must be unavoidably lost in this Kingdom, and carried to our Neighbours: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises: And that the Petitioners may at least, have as much Encouragement to refine our own Plantation Brown Sugars, as the Dutch now have, by reason of their Drawback, to export and work them abroad.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of several Merchants and Ranters trading to and interested in their Majesties Sugar Plantations, was referred.

Ordered, That Sir John Knatchbull have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, from this Day, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Fra. Guibon have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. IVilmot have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Norreis have Leave to go into -the Country for Ten Days, for his Health.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Captain Reignolds have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight;

It passed in the Negative.

Then

Punishment of Offenders*

Fraudulent

Devises.

Smith’s

Estate.

Paving

Streets. 6cc.

Duties on Spirits from M diasses.

Leave of Absence.

3 W. £# M. 22° — 2j° Decembris 595

Supply Bill; Then Mr. Solicitor General, according to the Order of Land Tax. the Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to their Majesties the Sum of Sixteen hundred fifty-one thousand' Seven hundred and Two Pounds, upon Lands, towards the carrying on a vigorous War against , was committed,

the said Bill, with the Amendments and Clauses: The which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Wrhere the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

-A Proviso w as offered to be added to the Bill, For taxing the Prison of the King's Bench in Surrey.'

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Shelton’s

Estate.

Curtis’

Estate.

Earl of

Winchelsea’s

Estate.

Martyn*

Estate.

French Bay Salt.

Fraudulent . Devises.

Roberts’

Estate

Davile’s

Estate.

Mercurii,23° die 3° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and Mr. Meredith;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Sale of several Lands for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Maurice Shelton, and others; and for settling other Lands, instead of them: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also a Bill, intituled, An Act for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Eliza. , Widow, late deceased, and Performance of an Agreement touching the same, made between Charles Curtis in his Life-time, and Edxvard Erie, according to a Decree in the High Court of Chancery: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also a Bill, intituled, An Act for the enabling the Right honourable Charles Earl of Winchelsea, to settle a Jointure upon any Wife he shall marry during his Minority: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Manxvorthy, with its Appurtenances, in the County of Devon, being the Lands and Estate of Nicholas

Martyn, Esquire, by Trustees herein after named, for Payment of the Debts of the said Nicholas Martyn: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preserving Two Ships Lading of Bay Salt, taken as Prize, for the Benefit of their Majesties Navy, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Waller, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the better Relief of Creditors against fraudulent Wills and Devises. And the same was received.

Mr. Carter reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in Thorpe, Langton, and elsewhere in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts of Richard Roberts, Esquire, and for raising Portions for his Daughters, was committed, That they had directed him to report to the House, That they had agreed to the Bill, without any Amendments. And he delivered the same in at the Table.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Wm. Davile to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Vol. X.

Resolved), That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for enabling Win. Davile to sell some Lands for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Christie do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto. '

An ingrossed Bill for the better enabling the Trustees Campion's and Executors of Rich. Campion, deceased, to perform Will, his Will, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the better enabling the Trustees and Executors of Rich. Campion, deceased, to perform his Will.

Oi'dered, That Mr. Christie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to dis- Exporting courage the Exportation of Bullion, and to encourage the Bullion, kc. Importation of it, and converting the same into the Coin of this Realm.

And the same was presented to the House; and received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Nath. Nappier have Leave to go Leave of

into the pountry for a Fortnight, his W ife being ill. Absence.

Ordered, That Captain Rcignolds have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, from this time, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir John Guise, according to Order, presented to the Privateers. House a Bill for the Encouraging of Privateers against

# o n

France, and for the better Security of the Trade of this Nation. And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Raabury Privileges and Elections do report the Matter touching Election the Election of Banbury, with the other Reports of Elections in the County of Oaf or d, upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act punishment to take away Clergy from some Offenders, and to bring of Offenders, others to Punishment, v»as read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Beddingfeild, Sir Mr. Gxiyn, Mr. Waller, Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Tho.

Haslcrigg, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Smith, Mi;.

Biddolph, Sir Rob. Hen/y, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Serjeant Wo-gan, Mr. Thornhatigh, Mr. Windham, Mr.

Mr. Fenxvick, Mr. Burdett, Mr. LMr. Kenyon,

Mr. BImcfeild, Mr. Leving, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Ralph

Dutton, Sir Wm.Cook, Mr. BrewMr. Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Perry, Mr. Mountague, Mr. England, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Hutchinson, and all the Gentlemen of the

Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Air. Gott have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Fortnight, upon his Alajcsty's Service. Absence.

r

A Bill for preventing malicious Informations in the Malicious In-Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal formatiors. of Outlawries in the same Court, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Air. Dalben, Mr. Slater, Serjeant Wo-gan, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Jerv. Elwcs,

Lord Eland, Sir Wm. Ilonyxcood, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Ash, Air., Lev ing, Mr. England, Mr. Christie,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Biddolph, Air.

Lord Castleton, Air . Etterick, Sir Sir '1 ho.

Haslcrig, Mr. Waller. Air. Beddingfeild, Mr. Kenyon,.

Air. Burdett, Mr. Buscaxccn, Mr. White, Sir Peter

liton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Fuller, Colonel Air.

fcild, Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Ryder, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition

Privilege of a Member ii a Suit

Tryals for Treason.

Commissioners of Accompu.

East India Company*

Chippenham

Return.

Supply Bill; IaiimI lax.

596 23* — 24* Decembris. A. 1691.

A Petition of John Lord Delaware, was presented to

the House.

And the same concerning Sir John a Member

of this House; who was not present in the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition be read upon Tuesday Morning next: And that Sir Cutler be acquainted therewith; and do then attend in his Place.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lrtds, to put their Lordships in mind of the Bill for Regulating of Tryals, in Cases of Treason.

Ordered, That Colonel Gratroile do carry the said Message:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the enlarging of the Time for the Commissioners for talcing the publick Accompts.

Then the House beingacquainted, that Sir Tho. Cooke, Sir Langhome, Sir Tho. Rorwlinson, and others, the

Committee of the East India Company, attended, according to Order;

They were called in: And, at the Bar, did deliver in Proposals, in Writing, signed by the Company’s Secretary, concerning Security to be given.

Which were read; the said Persons standing at the Bar; and are as followeth; viz.

At a General Court of Adventurers for the general joint Stock to the East Indies, holden on Tuesday the Two-and-twentieth December 1691.

The Governor acquainted the Generality with the Occasion of their present Meeting; which was, to communicate unto them the Votes of the honourable House of Commons assembled in Parliament, made the Eighteenth Instant:

Which were now read unto them.

On Consideration whereof had the Generality, in a very full Court, unanimously resolved and agreed;

1. That Security be given. That the Company’s Stock is really worth as much as the Accompt delivered in to that honourable House, makes out

2. That the said Security be either by the Company’s Common Seal, as hath been always done, or by every particular Adventurer’s penonrf Obligation for his own Stock, or by so many of the principal Adventurers as shall be approved of for the full Value of the Company’s Stock, as it is given in to the honourable House; so as the said principal Adventurers may be secured by the Stock of the rest of the Adventurers, by a Clause in the Act to be passed.

Signed, in the Name of the Governor and General Court,

Ro. Blackbom, Secretary.

And the said Persons being withdrawn;

The Matter of the said Proposals was debated.

And the Question being put, That the Proposals of Security, from the Committee of the East India Company, are pursuant to the Resolutions of this House;

It passed in the Negative.

And the said Persons were called in again; and were acquainted therewith.

And being withdrawn;

Ordered, That the Committee of the East India Company do, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, bring to this House the Persons they shall propose to be Security.

The House being informed, that the Election for the Borough of Chippenham in the County of Wilts hath been over a considerable time; but that the Sheriff hath not yet made a Return into the Crown Office;

Ordered, That the Sheriff of the said County of Wilts do immediately bring in his Return for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for granting to their Majesties the Sum of Sixteen hundred fifty-one thousand Seven hundred and Two Pounds, towards carrying

on a vigorous War against France, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the said ingrossed Bill is read, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 24* die Decembris

3* Gulielmi et Manse.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting and settling divers Lands in Gloucestershire, in Trustees, to be sold, for the paying the remaining Portions to the Children of Geo. Esquire,

deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Mountague do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Sir Walter Clarges reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for the supplying the Defects in a former Act, for the erecting the Parish of St. Anne, out of the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout.

Then a Petition of the Inhabitants was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill to supply a former Act to build a Church in the aforesaid Parish, and to perform some other Works in the said Act mentioned: That the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, in the said Act mentioned, was levied and paid, and Four hundred and Fifty Pounds for collecting the same, besides the Money raised by Sale of several Pews and Galleries, amounting to above One thousand Two hundred Pounds more: And that the Petitioners at this time are very poor, and scarce able to answer the great Taxes which the Occasions of the Government now requires; and therefore such a Charge as the said new Bill will lay upon the Parish, will be a very great Burthen to many of the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

And then the said Amendments, being read a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the same, with several other Amendments made by the House, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest the Estate late of Henry Esquire, deceased, in Dio. Shatterden, Gentleman, and to enable the said Tho. Shatterden, and others, to whom the said Estate is devised, to make a Jointure, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Eland, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Windham, Sir Tre-denham, Mr. Bade, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Thornhaugh, SirMath. Andrexes, Mr. Shackerly, Mr Mr. Brewer,

Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Rob. Cotton, Colonel Gran Sir Sam. Grimston, Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr.

Haxctry, Mr. Kenyon, Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr. Bromly, Mr. How, Mr. Henley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mr. Slater,

Mr. Beddingfeild, Colonel Lee, Sir Wm. Honywood, and all the Members that serve for the County of Hertford:

And

Dov*t

Harbour.

Committees.

Mountague*

Estate.

St Anne’s

Westminster

Parish.

Drax’s

Estate.

Newcastle under Line Klection.

Leave of Absence.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Brackley

Writ.

Royal Assent to Bills.

3 W. & M. 240 — 29

And they are to meet this' Afternoon' at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, in the room of Sir Leveson Gower, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir Edward have Leave to go

into the Country for a Fortnight, to attend the Funeral of Sir JVm. Leveson Gawre, his Father-in-law.

Ordered, That Mr. Seymour have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, his Lady being ill.

' An ingrossed Bill (according to the Order of the Day) for granting to their Majesties the Sum of Sixteen hundred fifty-one thousand Seven hundred and Two Pounds upon Lands, towards the carrying on a vigorous War against France, was read the 1 bird time.

All ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill; For *.

And the same was thrice read; and, with some Amendments made by the House, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be Part of the Bill.

' Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill; That no Fee3 shall be taken by any Officer of the Exchequer, for the receiving or issuing any Monies granted by this Parliament for Aids or Supplies, but such ancient Fees as shall be allowed by the Barons of the Exchequer: And the Barons are to present a Schedule of the said Fees to the House of Commons at the next Sessions.

And the same was thrice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be Part of the Bill.

Resolved, Nemine contradkente, That the said Bill do

pass; And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to their Majesties of the Sum of Sixteen hundred titty-one thousand Seven hundred and Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings towards the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brackley in the County of Northampton, in the room of Sir Wm. Egerton, deceased.

Then a Message from his Majesty, by Sir Tho. Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Bills following; viz.

- An Act for granting to their Majesties certain impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for one Year.

An Act for abrograting the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths.

An Act for preserving two Ships Lading of Bay Salt, taken as Prize for the Benefit of their Majesties Navy.

An Act for the better ascertaining the Tythesof Hemp and Flax.

An Act for the making a Twelve Years Lease, made by the Earl and Countess of for Payment of

Debts, which was determinable on their Deaths, to have Continuance absolutely for those Twelve Years.

An Act for the settling a Fee Farm Relit of One Hundred Pounds per Annum upon the Bishop of Ely and his . Vox,. X.

Decembris. 597

Successors to be issuing out of Hatton in the County of Middlesex, and the Messuages thereunto erected; and for the settling and assuring the same, subject to the said Relit, upon Christopher Lord Viscount Hatton, his Heirs and Assigns for ever.

An Act to enable the Executors and Trustees of Sir Tho. Putt, Baronet, deceased, to lease several Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, during the ML nority of Sir Tho. Putt, Baronet, Son and Heir of the said Sir Thomas Putt, towards the Payment of Five hundred Pounds apiece Legacies to his Three Sisters Margaret, Ursula, and Susanna Putt, as also the Debts of the said Sir Tho. Putt, the Father.

An Act for naturalizing Sir Martyn Beckman, and others.

An Act for Sale of the Manor of, and Lands in Wittering in the County of Northampton, and the Advowson of the Church of Wittering aforesaid, late the Inheritance of Wm. Stydo/ph, Esquire, deceased, late Father of Sigismond Stydo/ph, Esquire.

An Act for settling a Jointure on Jane the Wife of Colonel Edward Mathews, Daughter of Sir Tho. Armstrong, deceased.

An Act for the Vesting and Settling of divers Lands in Gloucestershire in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of !he remaining Portions to the Children of George Mountague, Esquire, deceased.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this-day-seven- London night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 0rPhans* House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning, next, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 29° die Decembris’,

3° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Wm.Molineux, Gentleman, Molineux’s was read; setting forth, That, by a Decree in Chan- Estate, eery, so much of the Lands that w ere in Possession of the Petitioner’s Brother Hugh Molineux, Should be sold, as would raise Two thousand Pounds for Payment of the Portions of the Petitioner’s Brother and Six Sisters, with Interest at a Day since past: But that his said Brother being dead, and the Lands come to the Petitioner, who is w illing to perform the Decree (the which he cannot do without Sale of some Part of his Lands), and praying that Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred unto Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Burdet, Mr.

Preston, Mr. England, Mr. Christie. Mr. Walter, Mr. Biclcerstaffe, Sir Rob. Edon, Sir Rich.Temple, Mr Sir John Manwaring, or any Five of them, and all the

Members that serve for the Counties of Chester and Lancaster: and they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Edward Stephens, was offered to the Stephens’s House; and opened. Petition.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be; received;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Albury,&c» for enfranchising several Copyhold Lands and Tenements' Lands holden of the Manor of Albury and North Mims, in the enfranchise-County of Hertford, was read the Second time. ' ment’

7 M,

598 29° Decembris. A. 1691.

Resolved, "That the Bill be committed to Sir John Jennings, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Blcrwfeild, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir

Jos. Tredenham, Sir Jeroas Elwes, Mr. Mr.

Mountagtte, Mr. Osbourne, Sir Rob. Edon, Mr.

stqffe, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Christie, Mr. Freke, Mr. Fuller, Sir IVm. Cook, Sir Honyrvood, Sir Ralph Carr, Major Beke, Sir Bowch. Mr. Bid-

dolph, Mr. Carter, Sir JVm. Cooper, Mr. Hedger, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Bertye, and all the Members that serve for the County of Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Eyre’s A Bill to enable Antho. Eyre, Esquire, to sell Lands in

Estate. the County of Chester, for the Payment of his Debts, and for the settling of Lands in the County of in

lieu thereof, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Waller, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Sir

Rob. Davers, Mr. England. Sir Rob. Edon, Mr. Beket Sir JVm. Yorke, Mr. Price, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr. Burdet, Sir JVm. Honeyxeood, Mr. Shackerly, Sir John Guise, Mr.

Brewer, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Rob. Henley, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Hum. Forster, Mr. JVeld, Sir Tho.

Samuell, Mr. Cooke, Serjeant Serjeant Blin-

couv, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, and Lincolne: and they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock in the Speakers Chamber.

Private«rs. A Bill for the encouraging of Privateers against France, and for better Security of the Trade of this Nation, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon This-day-sevennight, at Eleven of the Clock.

Westminster Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for the

Smali Debts. Recovering of small Debts, and for Relieving of poor

Debtors in Westminster, and the Liberties thereof,..

be revived; and do sit Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock.

Lymington Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, reports from the Committee

Election. of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Lymington, in the County of Southampton, was referred, the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: The which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Jervoise, and Oliver Cromwell, Esquires, complaining of an undue Return of Thomas Dore and John Esquires,

to serve for Lymington;

The Committee having examined the Merits of that Election. And the Question was, Whether the Right of Election was in the Mayor and Burgesses, or in the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of Lymington: For if it was in the former, it was admitted, the Sitting Members were duly elected; if in the latter, the Petitioners were duly elected.

For the Petitioners were produced the following Copies of Indentures of Retufn to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; viz.

26 Eliz.which says, — The Mayor and Five Burgesses, and Four more in the Return named, and others of the Community, elected — The Return under their Seal, —

28 Eliz.in the same Form.

30 Eliz. in the same Form.

39 Eliz. in the same Form.

43 Eliz. in the same Form.

For the Sitting Members, were produced the following Copies of Indentures of Returns; viz.

1 Jac. whichsays, — The Mayor and Burgesses (naming Twelve) elected. — The Return under their Seals. —

21 Jac. — Mayor, and Eight therein named, and other Burgesses, elected. — The Return under their Seals. —

18 Jan. i° Car.!®', — Mayor, and Burgesses generally elected. — The Return under their Seals. —

l* Car. Imi, — Mayor, and Burgesses generally, elected. - — The Return under the Common Seal of the Borough. —

3 Car. I®', — -Mayor, and Burgesses, elected. — The Return under their Seals. —

15 Car. I®*, — Mayor, and Burgesses, elected.- — The Return under their Seals. —

16 Car. I', — Mayor and Burgesses, elected. — The Return under the Common Seal of the Borough. —

Christopher Cleevcs, said, He. had known Lymington Sixteen or Seventeen Years: And that, in his Time, the Mayor and Burgesses always elected; and particularly has known Mr. Burrard elected Four or Five times by them; and never knew the Commonalty elect

It was also alledged for the Sitting Members, That in the Reign of the late King James the Second, a QuolVarranto was brought against the Corporation of Lymington: To which the Mayor and Burgesses pleaded, That they were a Corporation by Prescription: And thereupon the King’s Counsel did not think fit to proceed any further in it.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: The which Mr. Serjeant Trenchard read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Corporation of Lymington is a Corporation by Prescription.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Mayor and Burgesses of Lymington, only, have the Right to elect Burgesses to serve in Parliament for that Borough.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Burrard, and Thomas Dore, Esquires, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lymington.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time:

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Corporation of Lymington is a Corporation by Prescription.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Mayor and Burgesses of Lymington only have the Right to elect Burgesses

to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lymington.

The Third of the said Resolutions being read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That John Burrard and Thomas Dore, Esquires, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lymington.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard aisoTeports from the said Com- Banbury mittee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Matter EUctiom touching the Election for the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxon was referred, the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: The which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Upon the Petition of several Freemen and Burgesses-of the Borough of Banbury, complaining of an undue

return of Sir Rob. Dashwood, Knight and Baronet, to serve for the said Borough;

The Committee have examined the Merits of the Election.

And that the sole Question was, concerning the Right of Election: For if the Right was in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, as they are called, Then the Sitting Member was duly elected; if in the Burgesses at large, John Hawles, Esquire, was duly elected.

This Question seemed to arise from some doubtful Words in the Charter, granted to the said Borough 1*

Marias; and in several Returns to Parliament.

The Charter takes Notice of the great Service the Inhabitants of Banbury had done Queen Mary against the Rebellion of the Duke of Northumberland; and grants,

That the Town of Banbury shall be a free Borough; and, incorporates them by the Name of The Bailiff, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough and Parish of Banbury: And that they the Bailiff, Twelve Aldermen, and Twelve Bur-19 gessesf

ie

.3 W. & M.

a<f Decembris.

gesses, shall be one Body Corporate and Community: And provides, That, in case of the Death or Removal of an Aldennan, one of the Capital Burgesses shall be chosen in his room: And that the Serjeant at Mace belonging to the Borough Should be chosen by the Bailiff, Aldermen, ttnd Capital Burgesses. And the Charter names the Bailiff, Twelve for Aldermen, and Twelve for Capital Burgesses: And, in several other Places of the Charter, there is Men* tien made of Capital Burgesses. Then afterwards, the Profits of the Markets and Fairs is granted to the Bailiff, Aldermen, and Burgesses: And the Privilege of sending One Burgess to Parliament is granted to the Bailiff, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and their Successors. So that the Word " Capital" being left out of the Grant of sending a Burgess to Parliament, made the Doubt upon the Charter, Whether this Borough Should choose in their Corporate Capacity by the select Number, or by the Burgesses at large.

For the Petitioners, were produced the following Returns;

5 Eliz. — Bailiff and whole Community elected. — The Return under the Common Seal.

14 Eliz. — In the same Form.

28 Eliz. — Bailiff, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty elected. — The Return under the Common Seal.

30 Eliz. — The Return imperfect: — Bailiff, some Aldermen, and Burgesses by Name, and Commonalty elected. — -The Return under # Seal.

16 Car. I', — Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Banbmy elected — The Return under Common Seal.

13 Car. 11.* — Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses elected. — The Return under Common Seal.

For the Petitioner was also called,

John Austin: Who produced an Indenture, with about Forty Names, purporting an Election of Mr. Harries; and said, It was signed by the several Persons whose Names were thereto put: And that they had demanded of the Mayor to be polled; but were refused by him; saying, The Precept was directed to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses.

The said Austin said further, That some of the Common Burgesses offered to vote for the Sitting Member: But he would not accept of them.

For the Sitting Member) were produced the following Ttetums;

2 90 Eliz. — Bailiff, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough and Parish of Banbury elected. — The Return under the Common Seal.

43 Eliz. In the same Form.

31 Car. IP1, — Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses elected. — The Return under the Common Seal.

For the Sitting Member was also called,

Samuel Tateham, aged about Threescore and Fourteen Years: Who said, He was a Freeman; but had no Vote: That he remembred the Election of Nath. Esquire,

in the Reign of King Charles First: And that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses only voted; and no other claimed a Vote: Neither did any other vote in the Election of Sir John Holman, Annto6.i; though since they have claimed a Right.

John Tims testified, That he remembred the Election of Sir John Holman: And that only the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, voted at that Election.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: The wfhich Mr. Serjeant

Trenchard read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tile same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Banbury is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses of Banbury only.

Resolved, That Sir Robert Dashrvood, Knight and Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Banbury.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Vo 1. X.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Banbury is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses of Banbury only.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Robert Dashrvood, Knight and Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Banbury.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard also reports from the said Caine Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the tleclion* Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Caine in the County of Wilis was referred, the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: The which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, in Writing: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Upon the Petition of Sir Geo. Knight,

complaining of an undue Return of JVm.

Esquire, to serve for Caine;

That the Committee have examined the Merits of the Election.

And that the Right of Election appeared to be in the Burgesses Inhabitants within the said Borough: And the Question was, Whether the Petitioner, or Sitting Member, had the Majority of these Voters.

For the Petitioner, was called.

Walter Foreman: Who produced a Poll; which he said, he took at the Time of the Election, at the Request of Sir Geo. Hungerford.

Upon which Poll there was Fifteen for the Petitioner; and Fourteen for the Sitting Member.

Robert Dyer, Tho.Richards, William Jones, testified,

That the Burgesses Inhabitants had only a Right to vote:

That lien. Foreman and Rich. Ryder, who were Burgesses, and afterwards went and lived out of Town, were refused their Votes at the Election, wherein Sir Baynton

stood, Anno 61; and testified, That Oliver Harman, one of the Voters for the Sitting Member, lived out of the Borough, about a Stone's Throw, at the Time of Election.

Alex. Orchard, a Bailiff, testified, That a little before the Election, he was spoken to by Rich. Seager, one that voted for the Sitting Member, to arrest Robert Dyer; and promised him, That if he would but stay and arrest also Blake, Langton, and Sxvaddon (which Four voted for the Petitioner), and secure them, that they might not have their Votes, he Should have Four or Five Guineas:

That Dyer was arrested (but got off before the Election Day) for a Debt wherein he stood bound with Seager, to one Parsons.

Johnson Weekes, John Goddard, testified, That Mr. Haskins, one of the Stewards, did declare, That he would return Mr. Wyndham, if he had but Ten Voices.

Goddard said, That he was spoken to by Colonel Chi-vers, to vote for Mr. Wyndham: And that Haskyns the Steward promised him to give him a Guinea out of his own Pocket, and procure him the Lady Custom,

if he would vote for Mr. Windham.

That he had voted at Two Elections, and particularly when Mr. Forvler was Steward; but they were not controverted.

On the Behalf of the Sitting Member, was called,

Thomas Fowler: Who delivered in a Poll; which, he said, he took by Order of the Steward: Which Poll a-

f’eed with the before-mentioned Poll produced by Walter oreman; only John Goddard's Name, that was taken in the other Poll for the Petitioner, was omitted in This; and said, That Goddard and Szvadden Two of the Petitioner’s Voters, were disfranchised; and produced the Town Book wherein their Disfranchisements were recorded.

There was also a Conviction of Forgery produced against Sxvaddon: And, as to Dyer, another of the Petitioner’s Voters, Fowler said, That he was disfranchised; and he had seen it recorded in the Book; but that Dyer had got the Booh into his Custody; and the Leaf was torn out.

- That

t

Lords desire a Conference*

Call of the House.

Privilege of a Member in a suit.

600

2 90 Decembris.

A. 16915

That Oliver Harman lived in the Borough several Days

before and after the Election: But, as to s Chil-

dren and Maid, they lived at his House out of the Borough.

That, on the Petitioners Behalf, it was made appear by the Town Book, That John Norman, who voted for the Sitting Member, was disfranchised.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to a Resolution: The which Mr. Serjeant Trenchant read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That IVm. Wyndham, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of 'Caine in the County of Wilts.

The said Resolution was read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That/Fw. Esquire,

is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Caine in the County of JTilts.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Lacon Wm. Child:

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire, a Conference with this Hou.-e at One a Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, touching the Amendments to the Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cases of Treason.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

And the Messengers were called in again: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

t

Then the Order for the Calling of the House was read.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until This-day-sevennight: And that such Members of this House, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Petition of John Lord De La was, according to Order, read; setting forth, That the late Lord Charles, the Petitioner’s Father, Eleventh February 77, contracted a Debt of Ten thousand Pound unto Sir John Cutler, a Member of this House; for Security whereof, the Petitioner's Father mortgaged to him several Manors and Lands in Com. Southampton: and died about Christmas 87; when the Petitioner applied himself to Sir to pay off the Mortgages: But Sir John, claiming a Debt of Thirty-five thousand Seven hundred Twenty Pounds, by virtue of a pretended stated Accompt oijune 87, refused to discover the Items thereof: Whereupon the Petitioner brought a Bill against him, to be relieved against the said Accompt as fraudulent, and to discover the real Debt; and that, on Payment thereof, he might have a Redemption of the mortgaged Estates: But Sir John, insisting on his Privilege for about Two Years, refused to answer the Bill: But he afterwards consented to wave his Privilege, the Cause came to be heard Twenty-seventh last, before the Lords Commissioners of the G reat Seal; who were satisfied that the said Accompt was erroneous in many Instances, particularly in one Item of Six thousand Three hundred Sixty-six Pounds Principal: Whereupon it was decreed, That the Accompt of Thirtieth June 87, and all other Aceompts since that of Ten thousand Pounds of Eleventh February 77, Should be laid open; and that Sir John Should make out what Money he hath since lent to or advanced for the Petitioner’s said Father; and, on the Petitioner’s paying what Should appear due, Sir John was to re-convey the mortgaged Premises.prout Decree: And that, in pursuance of the said Decree, the Petitioner, Sir John Cutler, and their Agents, have attended the Master in Chancery, to whom the Matter is referred: And Sir John's Agents having obtained Time to bring in the Accompt, promised to do so on Twenty-fourth

when he was pleased, by a Note under his Hand, to give Notice, to the said Master, and Petitioner's Counsel and Agents, that he insisted upon his Privilege as a Member of this House, notwithstanding he had before waved the same; whereby the Petitioner’s Proceedings are stayed, to his great Prejudice, he having raised Money to pay Sir John what shall appear to be due unto him; the which he refusing to accept, the Petitioner and his Family are likely to continue under the Difficulties wherein they are now involved, unless Sir John may be by this House obliged not to resume his Privilege: The which he hopes the Flouse will be rather inclined to do, in respect of Sir great Age, by whose Death the Petitioners Case will meet with much greater Difficulties: And praying the House, would please to order the said Sir Cutler to wave his Privilege, so that the Petitioner may be at Liberty to pro^ secute the Decree, in order to have the reality of the Debt ascertained; and that, upon Payment thereof, the Petitioner’s Estate may be discharged from the same.

Resolved, That Sir John Cutler, having formerly waved his Privilege without the Leave of this House, ought not to resume the same.

Then a Petition of Sir John Cutler concerning the same Matter, was read; setting forth, That Charles late Lord De la Warr being greatly indebted, applied to the Petitioner to supply him; who lent him Six thousand Five hundred Pounds: And some Mortgages of some Part of his Lordship’s Estate . assigned to him, for Security thereof, with Interest at Six per Cent.-, and for such other Money he Should afterwards lend him.

Tenth February 77, That by the Six thousand Five hundred Pounds, and other Monies lent, the Debt was increased to Ten thousand Pounds; which was then acknowledged by his Lordship, by Writing under his Hand and Seal.

Twenty-seventh December 80, The Debt was increased to Fifteen thousand Six hundred Fifty Pounds; as was agreed per Lordship.

That his Lordship having obtained a Decree against one Mr. Huddleston for Ten thousand Pounds; but agreed to accept Six thousand Three hundred Sixty-six Pounds, which was secured by a Statute and Mortgage of the Equity of Redemption of his Estate in Com York and O.von, then in Mortgage to Sir Tho. Byde, and others, for Three thousand Pounds; to serve his Lordship, the Petitioner lent him Two thousand Pounds more; and took an Assignment of that Security for the same, Twelve March 80: And thereupon his Lordship agreed, the Six thousand Three hundred Sixty-six Pounds Should be deducted out of his Debt; and his Lordship’s Debt then adjusted at Eleven thousand Six hundred Fifty Pounds, and acknowledged to be due.

Twenty-seventh February 81, That the Petitioner have-ing paid One thousand Pounds for his Lordship, to take off another Mortgage; with other Monies lent, and Interest, the Debt was increased to, and agreed to be, Sixteen-thousand Nine hundred Fifty Pounds. ’

Seventeenth February 82, That the Accompt was then stated, and increased to, and agreed by his Lordship to be, Eighteen thousand Eighty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four-pence.

Twenty-seventh February 83, That, by Accompt then stated, and other Monies lent, the Debt w as increased and agreed to be Twenty thousand Seven hundred Twenty one Pounds Fifteen Shillings.

Second July 84, That by Accompt then stated, and other Monies lent, the Debt was increased, and agreed to be Twenty-one thousand Three hundred F’ifty-four Pounds Ten Shillings.

That, as the Petitioner had not received any Interest since the Debt began, so he did not receive any for that Debt of Twenty thousand Seven hundred Twenty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings, in Three Years.

And in July 1687, at his Lordship’s Desire, the PetL

tionerlent him One thousand Five hundred Pounds more;

a*4

3 W. J$f M. Becembnsx

‘ rN

and sunk the Interest to Five Pounds Cent. Whereupon the'Accompt being stated between them, there appeared, and was agreed to be due to the Petitioner Thirty-five thousand Seven hundred and ^Twenty Pounds; And his Lordship gave a hew Statute to the Petitioner of Twenty thousand Pounds for a further Security; and it was agreed his Lordship Should have Three Years time to pay it in: And the Petitioner was to accept of the - Money at any time, On Six Months Notice.

That this Accompt, as well as all the former, was fairly adjusted and stated by his Lordship, and his Agents; ana all the Writings drawn by his Lordship’s Counsel, and no Objection made thereto during his Lordship’s Lifetime; and the rrow Lord La privy to almost all

these Transactions: But that the Petitioner never refused, to accept his Money; and if he did . , . to discover the Particulars, he conceives he might; the same being so adjusted. That the now Lord La Warr, after his Father’s Death, exhibited his " Bill, stuffed with the usual: Pretences: But the same being upon the lie volution, the Petitioner did not answer for some time; but afterwards, lie did; and thereby set forth all the Accompts fairly stated*, ^nd insisted thereon, and submitted to accept his Thirty-five thousand Seven hundred and Twenty Pounds, and Interest, and re-convey; as also that he had paid the Six thousand Six hundred Pounds, and Interest; and to Mrs. Huddleston, and Sir JVm. Cooper her Administrator, the Three thousand Pounds, which ought also to be paid him.

Twenty-seventh Apr. Q\, That the Cause coming to be heard, some Matters were insisted on;, which the Petitioner w as not then apprised of; but which he, if permitted, can sufficiently answer. The Lords Commissioners did "Order not only the last Accompts of 87, but all the precedent Accompts, since February 1677, to be laid open; and referred it to a Master, to examine the Particulars thereof, and to state the Matter upon s Mortgage; and that the Petitioner Should make out what Money he had so lent and advanced since February 1677: Whereat the Petitioner, being aggrieved, as well for that; the stated Accompts are set aside, as for that no Provision w as made for his being satisfied the Three thousand Poundspaid to Mrs. Huddleston, and Administrator, and

1 so, by Cohsequence, must lose it; that although the Pe-,

titioner, in due Time and Method, petitioned the said Commissioners for a Rehearing of the Cause, in August last; when he doubted not to have satisfied their Lordships in many Matters they were not before satisfied in;

~ yet they refused to grant him the same; but permitted the Decree to be signed and inrolled: Whereupon the Petitioner, supposing a speedy Prosecution, was advised, and did sign a Writing, insisting upon his Privilege for his Agents to make use of, when any Proceeding Should be upon the Decree.

That the Lord La Warrs Agents did not stir upon the Decree, till towards the End of last Term;

when they took out a Warrant to attend the Master; and when the Master only ordered the Petitioner-tp bring in his Accompt and Charge, pursuant to the Decree, by the Twenty-fourth November: And the Petitioner did npt wave his Privilege, but only by his voluntarily answering, and permitting a Proceeding to Hearing, as before. And the Petitioner being, by foe Decree, like to be.deprived of Ten thousand Pounds of the Debt; and, as a Member, in rio Capacity of Redress, by Appeal; fie hath thought fit to insist upon his Privilege': And, for that. Purpose, his Agent, on the Twenty-fourth November, before, any further Proceedings on the Decree, gave a Copy of the said Writing to the Lord La Warre's Agents, , And praying, That the Premises may have the Consideration, of the House; and humbly submits, whether the House will give him Leave (without which he cannot doit) to bring an Appeal in the House of Peers, against th^ sajdJD.ecree.

Resolved, That this House will take the said Petition into Consideration ThiS-day-three-weeks.

, . , . ,; v . J’J-f ' -.j

Trials for Then the Managers appointed went to the Conference.

Tm*on. And being returned;

Voirt X.

Mr. Mountaguereported, That the Duke of Bolton

managed the Conference for the Lords: And that the Lords observe; That in the Reason' offered by the Coin-monsior their disagreeing with them in the Clause marked A, in, the Bill, intituled,'An Act for the better regulating of , Tryals, io CaSes-of Treason, they do not object against it as unreasonable-in ksetf; but as it is of a different Nature from the Intent and Purport of the Bill.

The Lords look upon it to be quite otherwise; and cannot conceive how any thing Should be thought foreign to the Bill, that doth so naturally agree with the Scope of it; -which, is, the Protection- of all innocent Men, who shall, at any time hereafter, happen to be accused df any -

of the Crimes therein mentioned: The Ground of this Bill is, That every Man who shall be prosecuted for Treason, cur Misprision of Treason, shall have, a fair and fequal Tryai for his Life. So that, in what respect, of by what Circumstance soever, as the Course of Proceedings now is, an innocent Man’s Life, Estate, of Liberty, may be unduly exposed by his being prosecuted for the Crimes , above expressed. It is very fit there Should be a Remedy:

And therefore, if -the present Method of trying Peers giveth just Cause of Objection to it, in relation to' the true and-natural Meaning of this Bill, it is either to be shewed, That the Objection is of no Force; and that, in the present Method, there is nosuch Defector Inconvenience; or, it must be acknowledged there ought to be a Remedy :.And then it cannot be denied but that such a Remedy cometh-properly in this Bill, since it agreeth both with the Title, and with the Intent of it.

The Lords are -of Opinion, That the Interest of the People of England is, at least, equally concerned with That which they may be supposed to have in the passing this Clause.. In their judicial Capacity it can never be thought convenient for those to whom they are to administer Justice, That the Lords, when they are to receive it, are to lie under greater-Hardships and Disadvantages than others in Cases where their Lives are to be defended:

And, as they-have -a Part in the Legislature, it seemeth yet to he less reasonable, that they Should, in the Method of their Try als, be so distinguished, as to be more exposed than the meanest Subject in the Kingdom.'

The Lords conceive, that nothing is more conducive to preserve the whole Constitution, than a mutual Care of one another in all the- Parts of it: It is That more especially which must cherish and promote the good Correspondence between the-Two Houses, which is so indis-. pensably necessary for themaintaining the Safety, Horfour, and Greatness of the Nation. Of this they are so fully persuaded, that they will never fail to support and improve, to the utmost of their Power, the true Interests of the House of Commons; and therefore cannot doubt byt that the House of Commons will be as ready to comply witlj. the Lords in this; or any other Instances, where they shall be so well-founded, as they take themselves to be,-in the Matter now in Question. ! ,

Rpsolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning qext, at Eleven a Clock, take the Report of the said Conference into Consideration* -

1

r

A Petition of several Burgesses arid Freemen of the Chippenham , Borough of Chippenham in the County of Wilts was Election, road; setting forth, That Thomas Taint ash, Esquire, Was oq the Fourteenth Dec. 1691, duly elected a Burgess there by the Majority of qualified Voters; notwithstanding which Sir Baz.. Firebrass, after several uiidue Practices,

hath procured a Return of himself by the Bailiff: And praying the Consideration and Examination of the House in the Premises. - -

Ordered, That it be referred to the Consideration of the Committee- of Privileges and Elections: Who ’are to examine the Matter of the said -Petition; arid' to feport the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

- ' t: .< "

j.) Resolved, That this House will, Td-mofrbw Morn- Supply, ingat Ten a Clock, resolve- itself iiito fa Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to

7 N be

East India Company*

602

29° — 30® Decembris.

A. 1691.

- 100,000

be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

The House being informed, That the Committee of the East India Company attended, according to Order;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, they did deliver in a Paper of the Names of the Persons they proposed to be Security, and the Sums for which each Person would be Security: Many of which Persons attended alsd.

Which Paper was read, the Committee standing at the Bar; and is as followeth; viz.

The 28th December 1691.

The Adventurers of the East India Company, in a General Court assembled, do humbly present to this honourable House the Persons hereunder named, being Adventurers, to be Security, according to the Sums annexed to their Names, That the Stock and Estate they now have shall be made good Seven hundred and Forty-four thousand Pounds, all Debts paid.

And they do farther humbly propose to give Security for what Sum their Accompts given in to this honourable House make out more than the said Sum of Seven hundred Forty-four thousand Pounds, if required thereunto by this honourable House.

Sir Joseph Herne ----- 30,000

Sir Thomas Cooke -Earl of Berkley - -

Lord Chandos -

Sir Benj. Bathurst ----- 20,000

Geo. Boun, Esquire ----- 5,000

Mr. Thom. Boone - - - - 5,000

Sir Josiah Child ----- 100,000

Josia Child, Esquire ----- 20,000

Mr. John Cook of Hackny - 10,000

Mr. John Cook, Austin Fryers - 10,000

Sir Sam. Dashwoed ----- 15,000

Mr. John Dubois - - - / - - 8,000

Mr. John Goodiere - - - - 10,000

Mr. Fra. Gosfright - - - 10,000

R. Hutchinson, Esquire - 20,000

R. Hutchinson, jun. Esquire - - - 5,000

Frederick Heme, Esquire - 10,000

Sir Wm. Langhome ----- 40,000

Sir John Moore - 40,000

Mr. Nath. Mountny ----- 10,000

Mr. Ralph Marshall - - - 6,000

SirTho. Rawlinson ----- 10,000

Nathan Tench, Esquire - 5,000

Fran. Tyssen, Esquire - 20,000

Mr. Jam. Wallis - - - - 10,000

Sir Hum. Edwyn - 30,000

Colonel John Berry ----- 30,000

Sir Jerem. Sambrook ----- 20,000

Sir Tho. Chambers ----- 30,000

Tho. Chambers, Esquire - 10,000

Mad. Eliz. Howland ----- 10,000

Sir John Chardin ----- 10,000

Sir Edw. Borwerie - - - 10,000

Mr. John Sewell - . - - - - 10,000

- Mr. John Holland ----- 10,000

Mr. Rich. Mountny - - - - 10,000

Sir Sam. Etheredie ----- 10,000

Mr. Dan. Cawston ----- 10,000

Mr. Alvaro de Costo ----- 9,000

Mr. Richard Goodall ----- 8,000

Mr. Richard Chowne . - - - - 5,000

Mr. John Smith ----- 5,000

Mr. Row. Answorth - 5,000

Mr. Saifiuel Angley - - - 5*000

Mr. Rob. Marshall - - - - . 5,000

Mr. John Carter ----- 5,000

Mr. Sam. Cudworth - - - . _ 5*000

Mr. Rich. Acton - - - . 5*000

Wm. Hewer, Esquire - - - . 5*000

Mr. Tho. Canham - - - . 5*000

Mr. John Sweetaple - - - 5*000

Mr. Wm. Delawood - - - 5)000'

Mr. Paul Dominique ----- 5,000

Sir James Ward ----- 4,000

Sir Thom. Davoll - - - 4,300

Edward Rudge, Esquire - - - 4,000

Mr. Rob. Blackbom ----- 4,000

Mr. Robert WTittingham - - _ - 3,000

Nath. Herne, Esquire ----- 3,000

Mr. Genew ----- 3,000

Mr. Hen. Wheatly ----- 3,000

Mr. Peter Hudson ----- 3,000

Pit’er and P’ Henriques - 4,000

Mr. John English 3>00°

Mr. Thom. Lewes -. - - - 3,000

Sir John Lethieulier ----- 2,500

Sir Wm. Hedges - - - - 2,000

Mr. John Cater - - - - 2,000

Mr. Edm. Bury - - - 2,000

Mr. Edm. Portmans ----- 2,000

Mr. Isaac Houblon ----- 2,000

Mr. James Lapey ----- 1,500

Wm. Desboverie, Esquire - - - - 1,500

Mr. And. Willaw ----- 1,000

Mr. Mau. Hunt ----- 17000

Edward Progers, Esquire - - - - 1,000

Mr. Lawr. Renaut ----- 1,000

Mr. John Paige - - - - 1,000

Mr. Josiah Lawton ----- 1,000

Mr. Tho. Turner ----- 1,000

Captain Goldesborough - - - - 1,000

Captain Valent. Pine ----- 1,000

Richard Alie, Esquire - - - - . - 1,000

Signed, in the Name of the General Court,

R. Blackborne, Seeret.

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, take into further Consideration the said Answer, and Proposals given by the Committee of the East India Company.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 30* die Decembris;

3° Gulielmi ct Mariae.

Praters. '

/~iRDERED, That the ingrossed Bill for the more Recovery of easy and speedy Recovery of small Tythes, be read Tythes. the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Burton* for the Enabling of Sir Thom. Burton, Baronet, to sell Eslale-Lands for Payment of Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jos.

Tredenham, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rob. Edon, Sir Tho.

Clarges, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Blmfeild, Mr.

Sherrard, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Hazvtry, Mr. Carter, Mr.

Kendall, Mr. Christie, Sir Jon. Jennings, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gray, Mr. Waller, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Mr. England, Mr. Greenfeild, Mr. Travers, Mr. Ramden, Sir Tho.

Macktvorth, Mr. Jeroois, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Nottingham and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the making further Provision for st. Anne’s finishing the Parish Church of Saint Anne within the Westminster Liberties of Westminster, and other Buildings, directed Church, to be erected, to be done pursuant to a former Act of Parliament, was read the Third time.

An

Bullion

Exported.

Ditto.

Silver and Gold coined.

Cullum’s

Estate.

Causes in Chancery.

Clandestine trading to Prance.

Supply.

Making

Saltpetre.

3 W. &. M.

?o — 3i

An Amendment was proposed to be made in Press 3, Line 27 and 28, to leave out " by Distress and Sale of his or her Goods And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the making further Provision for finishing the Parish Church of St. Anne within the Liberties of Westminster, and other Buildings directed to be erected, to be done pursuant to a former Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Clarges do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for discouraging the Exportation of Bullion, and encouraging the Importation thereof, and converting the same into the Coin of this Realm, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do, upon Monday Morning next, bring to this House an Account, what Bullion has been yearly exported for Seven Years last past, either as foreign Bullion, or melted here.

Ordered, That the Officers of the Mint do, upon Monday Morning next, bring to this House an Account what Silver and Gold Coin has been coined there yearly since the Year 1659.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Lacan Wm.Child-,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir Dudly Baronet, to raise

Monies to pay his Brother and Sisters Portions: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords do put this House in mind of the Bill for the better Determining of Causes in Chancery, and other Courts of Equity.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Wm. Tilford was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That divers Persons, known to the Petitioner, do hold Correspondence with France; and send over Lead and other Commodities thither by French Passes and Letters: And praying he may be called before the House to prove the Allegations aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr.Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred: And that they had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will Tomorrow, after the Report of the Conference on Tuesday last is taken into Consideration, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to he granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That Sir John Guise, Mr. Freke, Serjeant Tren-

chard, Mr. Smith, he added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the making Saltpetre here in England, is committed.

Decembris.

Joxds, 31* Decembris;

603

0

3* Gulieltni et Mari*.

Prayers.

R D E R E D, That ail Committees he revived;

Committees*

An ingrossed Bill. from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shelton’s to enable the Sale of several Lands for the Payirtent Estate, of the Debts and Legacies of Maurice Shelton and others, and for settling other Lands, instead of them, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An Ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Roberts’ to vest certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in Estate. Thorpe, Langton, and elsewhere in the Coun ty of in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts of Richard Roberts, Esquire, and for raising Portions for his Daughters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Carter do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Sir Thom. Clarges reported from the Committee to Westminster whom the Bill for Recovering of small Debts, and for Re- Small Debts, lieving of poor Debtors in Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, w-as committed, That - they had made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and aftenvards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be re-committed.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Fill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Boiryer, according to Order, presented to the paving House a Bill to explain a Clause in the late Act for pav- Streets, &c. ing and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes in the County of Middlesex, and Borough of Southwark, and other Places within the weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Markets therein mentioned, touching Cart and Canvheels. And the same was received.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Supply Ml; ' Sir ImcohWm. Child; Laud Tax.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill for granting an Aid to their Majesties of the Sum of Sixteen hundred fifty-one thousand Seven hundred and Fifty- two Pounds Eighteen Shillings, towards the carrying

n # o 7 < . o

on a vigorous M ar against France; with some Amendments: To which they' desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Amendments were read; and are as follow- eth; viz.

Press 44, Line 37, after "Earl,’’ leave out "of."

Press 115, Line *, for "the," read "such;" and after " Person," add " or Persons."

Press 140, Line 29, after " the," add " Lords and."

Then the said Amendments were read a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the sai4 Amendments.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to go into the t eave af-

Morning, Eight of the Clock. Country, for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absent*.

504 31° .*

I.'eavt of Ordered, That Sir Rich. Haw have Leave to go into the

Absence. Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir R Temple have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Wheat have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, T'hat Sir Tho. Samwell have Leave to go into the Country upon extraordinary Occasions, for a Fortnight;

It passed in the Negative.

-10 Januarii. A, 1691.

Tellers for the Noes,-f^r1 Hm. If 1 ’I.Mr. Bertie J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Monntague do, Tomorrow Morning, go to the Lords; and desire the said Conference.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Supply. at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Royal Asseut to Bills.

he King’* Speech reported.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Tho. Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers immediately.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty: And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to their Majesties of the Sum of Sixteen hundred Fifty-one thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Eighteen Shillings, towards the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in Thorp, Langton, and elsewhere in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts of Richard Roberts, Esquire, and for raising Portions for his Daughters.

And that also his Majesty was pleased to make a gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament: And, that he might prevent any Mistake in reporting the same, he had desired, and obtained, a Copy thereof: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I MUST not lose this Occasion of returning you My hearty Thanks for the great Proofs you continue to give Me of your Zeal and Resolution to support and assist Me in the vigorous Prosecution of the War against France next Year: And, I assure you, it shall be My greatest Care, That the Assistances you give Me may be ' so applied, as to render them the most effectual for the Ends you design them: But I must take notice to you, at the same time, with some Trouble, That the new Year is already come, while our Preparations for it are not only more backward, but those of our Enemies, as wc have Reason to think, in greater Forwardness than they were the last Year. I find myself therefore necessitated from this Consideration, most earnestly to recommend to you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, the Hastening of such further Supplies as you design to enable Me with for the Prosecution of the War.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cook and

Sir Lacon Wm. Child;

Mr. Speaker, The I-ords have passed a Bill, intituled, R u.j ,f An Act for the better securing the Portions, Debts, and Salisbury Legacies given and owing by James late Earl of Salisbury:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees of Earl of the Right honourable James Lord to make Wahl-rave*

Leases, and grant Copyhold Estates, for the Payment of £siat*. the Arrears of Annuities of Henry Lord his

Father, deceased: -To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Deer Act for the better Discovery and Punishment of Deer- Stealers, stealers, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. '

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Judicial the Continuing of judicial Proceedings in Ireland, which Proceeding*

1 have been discontinued by reason of the late Troubles lu ,reland-there.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday London Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Orphans, mittee of the whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Supply Bill; the better ordering and collecting the Duties upon Low Duties on Wines and Strong Waters, and preventing the Abuses Low therein. '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Copyhold* the Subjecting of Copyhold Estates to the Payment of subject to Debts, and for the better enabling the Lords of Manors Debts* to recover their Fines.

Ordered, That Mr. Deane and Mr be added to Duties on

the' Committee td whom the Petition of the Refiners of Spirits from Sugar in England, is referred. MeUssee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Season being so far advanced, this present Sessions cannot admit of a much longer Continuance: And therefore I must recommend to you the Dispatch of all such other Bills also as you shall judge necessary for the Publick Good.

Trials for Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Treason. took into Consideration the Report of the Conference on Tuesday last, touching the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill for regulating of Tryals, in Cases of . Treason.

And the Report of the Conference, and Clause A, being read;

And the Question being put, That this House doth insist upon disagreeing with the Lords in the Clause marked A

The House divided.

Tellers for the Yeas,{^r ^«^ } , 86.

Veneris, 1* die Januarii;

3* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Ilau be at Liberty to St. Ives withdraw his Petition touching the Election for the ^,ecl,0,u Borough of St. Ives in the County of Cornwall.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Martyn's for the Sale of the Manor, of Manworthy, with its Appurtenances, in the County of Devon, being the Lands and Estate of Nicholas Marlyn, Esquire, by Trustees herein after' named, for’ the Payment of the Debts of the said Nicholas Martyn, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Moors for enabling Francis Moor, Esquire, to sell the Manor of Dsut*.

\6 Boy

Hackney

Coacho.

Recovery ut Tythes.

Commissioners of Accompts,

Rights of Corporations,

Whitchurch

Writ.

Leave of Absence,

Ailnage

Duty.

Exporting

Luliion,

Sap ply.

Irish

forfeitures.

3 W. £5* M. \ Januarii. 05

Ireland: And it is referred to Mr. Smith, Mr. Bathurst,

Lord Falkland, Mr. Mr. Foley, Colonel Titus,

Sir Rob. Henley, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Colt, Mr. Gwyn, Mr.

Slater, Mr. Bridges, Sir Hussey, Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Gray, Sir Mr. Mr

IjOrd Mr. Harley, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Bertie,

Sir Cha. Sidney, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Sir Rob.

Cotton, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Carter, Sir Mr. Colonel Mr. Leving, Mr.

Neale, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Bennett, Lord Fitzharding,

Sir Christopher Musgrwce, Mr. Wharton, Sir John Guise, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Sir '

Rich. Reynell, Sir John Wynn, Colonel Earle, Mr.

Arnold, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Comptroller, Sir jfrilfrcd Lawson, Sir Stephen For, Sir John Mr. Sherrard, Sir Wm. Yorke, Mr. Travers, Colonel Perry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And that Mr. C do send for the Persons by him named to the House.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House with Two Letters A Witness to which he had received from in the King's Bench, be Protected-

the one dated the Fifteenth of December, the other dated this Firstof January: Which were read: And also another of the same Date; which was delivered in by Mr. Arnold.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Fuller have the Protection of this House from all Violence, in his attending upon and returning from the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of the East India Com- East India pany do attend this House Tomorrow Morning. Company.

\The House being acquainted, that Sir Christopher Cieling and Wren had delivered in his Report, touching the Condi- Roof of the tien of the Cieling and Roof of the House, pursuant 1 ous*' to an Order of the Twelfth of December last; the same deceased. ' was read; and is as followeth;

That the Cieling, according to the manner of former Ordered, That Mr. Pollen have Leave to go into the Times, is made of Plaster of Paris, and not, as the Country for Three Weeks, for his Health. modern Way is, of Lime and Hair, which, yielding to

the Timbers, when they shrink or swell with Weather,

Ordered, That Mr. Morland have Leave to go into the doth not discover Cracks; whereas all Plaster Cielings,

Country for Six Weeks, for his Health. having the Firmness of Stone, do, for that Reason, al-

ways crack, but without Danger, because the Lath is Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to preserved in Plaster, and is more apt to decay in Lime: whom the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty Yet, for greater Caution, it is fit there Should be a new of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving a Recom- Cieling, because this Way, being out of Use, is not pence to the Crown for the same, was committed, be generally understood to be safe.

made upon Monday Morning next. About Eight Years since, upon the like Order, not

only the Cieling and Floor above, but the Roof also,

The House being informed, that one Mr. Dodsworth, was examined very carefully: The Records above were and one Mr. Leneve, can give the House an Account, moved to the Walls, and many Things then done rather'

What Gold and Silver has been melted down, and out of Caution, than apparent Necessity; and this very exported; Summer I caused the Gutters to be uncovered, the Tim-

Ordered, That the said Mr. Dodsworth, and Mr. bers to be laid open and secured, and great Part of the Leneve, do attend this House on Monday Morning next, Roof to be new leaded; in doing of all which, no great for that Purpose. Defect could lie undiscovered: And now again, in pur-

suance of this Order, I have viewed the Cieling and Roof,

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, accompanied with their Majesties Master Carpenter;' resolved itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to and, though no Person ought to be confident in so great consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their a Concern, yet we were of Opinion, that all was firm,

Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against finding all Things as we lately left it.

France. notwithstanding, though the Roof were not now in

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Danger, yet it is very old, and the Covering hath been

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Com- much neglected in former Time, neither can it be pre-mittee. sumed to last many Years longer; and therefore it seems

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. most reasonable, that ere long a new Room be thought

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, of, where the important Affairs of the Nation may be That they had come to several Resolutions; which they transacted without Suspicions of this sort; or otherwise, had directed him to report to the House. for the present, that the Records be moved, and that a

Ordered, That the Report from the said Committee be new Cieling be laid, and some other Repairs done, as made Tomorrow Morning, before the Business touch- soon as an Interval of Sessions, and the Season of the ing the East India Company comes on. Year, shall permit. Chr. Wren.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to receive Ordered, That the Roof and Cieling of this House be Proposals, for raising Monies upon forfeited Estates in viewed by Major Vincent, Dr. Barbon, Sir Jam. Rushout,

Bay House and Lands in W:st Thorocke in the County of Essex, and to purchase and settle other Lands in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Regulating of Hackney Coaches, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, after Eleven a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Tythes, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Tythes.

Ordered, That Mr. Christie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Christopher Musgrave, according to Order, presented to the House an additional Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick Accompts of the received.

Mr. Brockman reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for maintaining and securing the Rights and Privileges of Cities, Towns, Boroughs, fcinque Ports, and Corporations, That they had prepared a Bill accordingly; which they had directed him to present to the House. And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch in the County of Southampton, in the room of Henry Walhp, Esquire,

Kingdom. And the same was

i* — -2° Jdnudrii. . 1691.

606

Mr. Clarke, Mr. Robert, Mr. Mountague, or any Ttff&e

of them; And that they do report the Condition thereof, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till To-momriv Morning, Eight of the Clock.

after such Arrests, it fhhif H6u3fe#; and hlSo, Thtttth&e be d Provision for taking Bail in the Country, in Actiohg under a Sum to be ascertained by this House; and also. That Declarations fnay be delivered to Persons in Custody of Sheriffs in the Country, as if in the Custody of the Marshal of the King's Bench, arid Wttfddh of the Fleet.

Sabbati, 2° die Jauuarii;

TSarl of

Winchelsea’s

Estate.

Prayers.

3* Gulielmi Mans.

\ N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An jTjL Act for enabling the Right honourable Charles East of Winchdsea to setfle a Jointure upon any Wife he shall marry during his Minority, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cnllum’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act E*t*t<!. for enabling Sir Dudley Cullum, Baronet, to raise Monies to pay his Brother and Sister’s Portions, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Earl of ( An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Waldgrave’s '^0 enable Trustees of the Right honourable James Lord ute' Waldgrave to make Leases, and grant Copyhold Estates,' for the Payment of the Arrears of Annuities of Henry Lewd Waldgrave his Father, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

Judicial Mr. Leving, according to Order, presented to the

Proceedings House a Bill for the Continuing- of judicial Proceedings in Ireland. jn Ireland, which have been discontinued by reason of the late Troubles there. And the same was received.

Book of Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect

Rales, Ac. Book of Rates; and also the Statute of 22 II", for Improvement of Tillage, and Breed of Cattle; and to examine, What Goods of the Growth and Manufacture of England are overcharged; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Christie, Mr. Colt, Mr. Blawfeild, Sir Rob. Dovers, Lord Digby,

Mr. Slater, Mr. White, Mr. Smith, Sir Strickland, Mr. How, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mr. Carter, Sir Cha. Rashleigh, Sir Edzo. ChMr. Palmes, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Fuller, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. , Mr.

Bade, Mr. PapUlion, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Arnold, Sir Edw. Abney, Sir Wm. Pritchard, Sir Mr. PollexTen, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir John Key, Sir John Bancks, Mr. Chadtcick, Colonel Titus, Sir Peter Colleton, Sir Math. Andrewes, Major Vincent, Mr. Mr.

Serjeant Wogan, Sir Hen.Johnson, Sir Robert Henleyt Mr.

Greenfeild, Sir Ralph Carr, Mr. Fuller, Sir Mr. England, Sir Fra. Drake, Sir John Knight: And thfcy are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Debtor* A Bill for the better Relief of Creditors, and prevent-

Eecapet. ing Escapes, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Waller, Lord Commissioner Hutchins, Serjeant Mr. Bus-

cawen, Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Jon. Jennings, Mr. Blawfeild, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Willfred Lawson, Mr. Carter, Mr. Ilawtry, Mr. Broumlbw, Sir Tho. Darcye, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Biddolph, Sir John , Sir Jervas Ehces, Mr.

Harcourt, Mr. Bmcyer, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Christie, Mr, Slater, Mr. llaw, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Greenfeild, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Piggott, Sir John Cary, Mr. Price, Sir Sir Fra. Drake,

Vtv.Tredenham, Mr. Cooke: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber. And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they prepare and bring in a Clause, to prevent Bailiffs keeping Persons arrested,

23

An additional Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, state, and take the publick Accompts of the Kingdom, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider of the Bill for Repair of Dover Harbour.

Ordered, That Mr. Taylor have Leave to g6 into the Country, for Recovery of his Health, having been lately very ill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Burrard have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon uigent Occasions;

It passed in the Negative.

Then Mr. Solicitor General, according to the Order of the Day, reports from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, That they had considered the Report from the Committee to whom it was referred to consider of the Lists of the Forces, as to such of them as his Majesty had been pleased to signify he thought necessary to be continued in England, Scotland, and the West Indies, and to be transported beyond the Seas, for the Service of the Year 1692; and also of the List of the General Officers, and the Estimate of the Ordnance, and the Abstract of the Establishment of the Garisons, and of the Computations of the Charges of Transportation of the Forces, and the Train of Artillery; and also to consider of what the Charge of the Army in Ireland would be for the Year 1692, and how far that Kingdom could contribute towards the Support of that Charge; and had come to several Resolutions concerning the same; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

In relation to the Land Forces to be continued in England, Scotland, the West Inches, and to be transported beyond the Seas, for the Service of the Year 169*2 ;-

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Number of the Officers and soldiers for the Regiments for the Year 1692, be the same with the Establishment, or List of the Forces delivered in to the House.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Pay to the Officers of the Two English Regiments of Foot Guards, established for the Year 1691, be continued for the Year 1692.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Pay of the Field, Staff, Commissioned, and Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers, upon the English Establishment, designed to serve in England, Scotland, and the West Indies, and to be transported beyond the Seas, for the Year 1692, be the same with the Year 1691.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That the Danish Establishments, as delivered in to the House, are reasonable to continue, for the Service of the Year 1692.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Dutch Establishment be reduced to the English Rates, wherein it exceeds the same.

6. Resolved,

Commissioners of Accbtnptft.

Dover

Harbour.

Leave of Absence*

Supply.

3 W, M. 2* Jawtarii. 607

6. Resolved, That it is Ihe Opinion of this Committee, That the Dutch Establishment be raised to the English Rates, wherein it is less.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Establishment of the Dutch Forces, being computed according to the English Pay, is reasonable, and to be the Establishment for the Dutch Troops in the English Pav, for the Year 1692.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Pay in the Estimate, laid before the House for the General of the Horse, and General of the Foot, be the Pay for those Two Officers, for the Year 1692.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Pay of the Estimate, laid before the House for the rest of the General Officers, be the Pay for the said Officers, for the Year 1692.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Establishment of their Majesties Ga-risons and Forts for the Year 1692, be paid out of the publick Revenue.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twenty-two thousand Pounds, of the Forty-four thousand Seven hundred Seventy-three Pounds Four Shillings and Five-pence, in the Total of the first Head of the Estimate for the Ordnance, be deducted, in Con-

v sideration of the Forces remaining in England, Ireland, Scotland, and the West Indies.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twenty-two thousand Seven hundred Seventy-three Pounds Four Shillings and Five-pence is a reasonable Estimate for the Recruits of the Arms, or likewise for the Proportion of spare Arms for the same.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds is reasonable to be allowed for Ammunition for the Forces for England, Scotland, the West Indies, and to be transported.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds is reasonable to be allowed for the Teqts for the Forces in England, Scotland, the West Indies, and to be transported.

15. Resolved, That the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds is reasonable to be allowed for the cleaning and repairing Arms, Armour, and other Stores, according to the Estimate delivered in by the Officers of the Ordnance, for the Year 1692.

16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred Ten thousand Pounds, for providing a Train of Artillery and Mortars, together with Bombs, Carcasses, Shot, Waggons, Harness, Working Materials, and all other Necessaries for the same, is a reasonable Sum for the said Service of the Year 1692.

17. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, for the Charge of the proper Officers, Ministers and Attendants, necessary for the said Train for one Year, as likewise for providing and keeping Draught Horses, and other Contingencies, is a reasonable Sum for the said Service, for the Year 1692.

18. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Seventh Head of the Estimate for the Ordnance is not to be considered by this Committee, being Part of the Ordinary.

19. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twelve Shillings per Ton, per Month, is a reasonable Rate to be allowed for the Transport Ships.

20. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Two-pence Halfpeny per Pound is a reasonable Rate to be allowed for Cheese, for the Provision for the Forces to be transported from Ireland to England, and from England and Scotland beyond the Seas.

21. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Eleven Shillings per Hundred Weight is

Vol. X.

a reasonable Rate so be allowed for Bread for the Service Supply, aforesaid.

22. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thirty-nine Shillings per Ton is a reasonable Rate to be allowed for Beer for the Transport Ships.

23. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twenty Shillings per Ton is a reasonable Rate to be allowed for Cask for the said Beer.

24. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Six-pence per Man is a reasonable Allowance for Pumps, Buckets, Cans, and Candles.

25. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twelve Shillings per Quarter is a reasonable Allowance for Oats, together with Sacks, for the Service aforesaid.

26. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Two Shillings and Six-pence per Stall is a reasonable Allowance for each Horse.

27. Resolved, That Twenty Shillings per Ton is a reasonable Allowance for Water Cask for the said Service.

28. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the like Abatements upon the other Heads for transporting the Ordnance be made proportionable to the aforesaid Resolutions for transporting the Land Forces.

29. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Deduction be made out of the Pay of such of the above-mentioned Troops as shall be transported from Ireland, supposing them to be Eight Days on board, and from the Pay of such as shall be transported from England, supposing them to be Four Days on board, at the Rates of Twelve-pence per diem for an Horse, Six-pence for a Dragoon, and Four-pence for a Foot Soldier; and for those which shall go by long Sea from Ireland to Flanders, supposing them to be Twenty-one Days on board, at the same Rates.

30. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the whole Charge of the Army, according to the Resolutions before mentioned, doth amount to the Sum of One million Eight hundred Forty-one thousand Six hundred Seventy-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven-pence.

In relation to the Charge of Ireland’,

31. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Lord Lieutenant, or Governor and General Officers for Ireland, for the Year -1692, be the Sum of Eight thousand One hundred Eighty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight-pence.

32. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Horse to be continued in Ireland, for the Year 1692, be the Sum of Thirteen thousand Four hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings.

33. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Dragoons to be continued in Ireland, for the Year 1692, be the Sum of Twenty-three thousand Six hundred Thirty-one Pounds Four Shillings.

34. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Yeomen of the Guards for Ireland, for the Year 1692, be the Sum of One thousand three hundred Eighty-one Pounds Sixteen Shillings.

35. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Foot Soldiers to be continued in Ireland, for the Year 1692, be the Sum of One hundred thirty-eight thousand Three hundred Five Pounds Four Shillings.

36. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Officers of the Ordnance for Ireland, for the Year 1692, be the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds.

37. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Ammunition for Ireland, for the Year 1692, be the Sum. of One thousand Six hundred Pounds.

38. Resolved,

Supply

608

3° Januarit.

A. 1691.

38. Resolved, That it is £he Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Establishment for Ireland, for the Service of the Year 1692, be the Sum of One hundred eighty-nine thousand Sixty-four Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight-.pence.

'39. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Civil List for Ireland, for the Year 16^2, be the Sum of Eighteen thousand Pounds.

In relation to the Revenue of Ireland;

40. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Customs inward and outward, and imported Excise of Ireland, for the Year 1692, may amount unto the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds in net Money.

41. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Inland Excise, and Ale and Wine Licenses in Ireland, for the Year 1692, may amount to the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds in net Money.

42. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Quit Rents and Crown Rents of Ireland, for the Year 1692, may amount to the Sum of Thirty-three thousand Pounds in net Money.

43. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the casual Revenue in Ireland, for the Year 1692, may amount unto the Sum of Three thousand Pounds in net Money.

44. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Hearth Money of Ireland, for the

Year 1692, may amount unto the Sum of Seventeen thousand Pounds in net Money.

45. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for the Year 1692, there be applied, to the Paying of the Forces to be continued in Ireland, of the Revenue there, besides the Rents of the forfeited and Crown Lands, the Sum of One hundred Sixty-five thousand Pounds.

The first Eighteen of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Nineteenth, Twentieth, One-and-twentieth, Two-and-twentieth, Three-and-twentieth, Four-and-twentieth, Five-and-twentieth, Six-and-twentieth, Seven-and-twentieth, Eight-and-twentieth, and Nine-and-twentieth of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

And, instead of the Matters of the said Eleven Resolutions, which related to Transportation, it being moved, That One hundred thousand Pounds may be allowed, according to the Estimate delivered in for the Army;

Resolved, That One hundred thousand Pounds be allowed for the Charge of the Hire of Transport Ships, and other Charges of Transportation, according to the Estimate delivered in to this House.

The Thirtieth Resolution being read a Second time; An Amendment being proposed, in regard Six thousand Pounds is deducted for Transportation; the same was agreed unto; viz.

Resolved, That the Charge of the Army, according to the Resolutions agreed unto by the House, doth amount unto the Sum of One million Eight hundred thirty-five thousand Six hundred Seventy-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven-pence.

The One-and-thirtieth and Two-and-thirtieth Resolutions being severally read a Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto -by the House.

The Three-and-thirtieth Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question beingput, That the Housedoth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Charge of the Dragoons to be continued in Ireland, for the Year 1692, be ,the Sum of Twenty-three thousand Six hundred Thirty-one Pounds Four Shillings;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

too.

176.

} 93-

115°

Tellers for the Noes ^W

So it passed in the Negative.

The Four-and-thirtieth Resolution being read a Second time; the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Five-and-thirtieth Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Charge of the Foot Soldiers to be continued in Ireland, for the Year 1692, be the Sum of One hundred Thirty-eight thousand Three hundred Five Pounds Four Shillings;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes /Colonel Cornwall,

letters for ttie i\oes,|Mr Dolben,

So it passed in the Negative.

The Six-and-thirtieth and Seven-and-thirtjeth Resolutions being read a Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Eight-and-thirtieth Resolution being read a Second ‘ time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Charge of tjje Establishment for Ireland, and for the Service of the Year 1692, will be the Sum of One hundred Eighty-nine thousand Sixty-four Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight-pence; ,

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeUers for the Yeas/Coio-l GS

Tellersfor theNo^g;^--

So it passed in the Negative.

The Nine-and-thirtieth, Fortieth, One-and-fortieth, Two-and-fortieth, Three-and-fortieth, Four-and-fortieth and Five-and-fortieth Resolutions, being severally read a Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That it be re-committed to the said Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Charge of the Dragoons and Foot Soldiers to be continued in Ireland, ior the Year 1692.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to receive Irish Proposals for Raising of Money upon forfeited Estates forfeitures, in Ireland, have Power to send for Persons, Papers and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Mounlaguedo, upon Monday Mom- Conference ing next, go to the Lords; and desire a free Conference desired with upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference. r s’

Ordered, That the Answer and Proposals, given in to East India this House, upon Tuesday last, by the Committee of the Company. East India Company, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next, after the Committee of the whole House hath sat upon the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties; and that the Committee of the East India Company do then attend the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

88.

145-

3 W. & M.

4° Janua

609

Martyn’i

Estate.

Luna, 4° die;

3* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Man-worthy, with its Appurtenances, in the County of Devon, being the Lands and Estate of Nicho. Martyn, Esquire, by Trustees herein after named, for the Payment of Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Vincent, Major Vincent, Sir Cotton, Mr. Christie, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Fra. Massam, Colonel Perry, Mr. Smith, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Rob. Davers, Sir Rob. Henley, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Preston, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Burdett, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Courtney, Sir Bowch. Wray, Mr. Biddolph, Sir John Carew, Mr.

Mr. Hair is, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Carter, Mr. Henley, Mr. Vincent, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Tho. Darcy; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell the Estate of Edward Smith, Esquire, deceased, to raise Money for the Payment of his Debts, and to make Provision for his Children who are Infants, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Major Vincent, Mr. Slater, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Christie, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Traverse, Mr. Beare, Mr. Smith, Mr. Granville, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Waller, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. England, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Carter, Sir Rob. Edon, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Chetuyn, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Burdet, Sir Hugh Ouen, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Philipps, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Bowch. Wray, Sir Geo. Willoughby, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Courtney: And all the Members that serve for the County of Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Westminster An ingrossed Bill for Recovering of small Debts, and Small Debt*. for Relieving the poor Debtors, in Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the ‘ Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Recovering of small Debts, and for Relieving of poor Debtors, in Westminster, and the Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Smith’s

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

A nl n age

Dut)'.

Reducing

Interest.

Ordered, That-Sir Tho. Bernadiston have Leave to go into the Country, to attend the Funeral of a near Relation.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for the transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving a

Recompence to the Crown for the same,.....be made

Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for lessening the Interest of Money, be read Tomorrow Morning, after the Report touching the Aulnage is over.

Private Bill*. Ordered, That no private Bills be proceeded upon for a Fortnight, except such as are now depending.

Supply. Then the House, according to the Order of the Day,

resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Vo E. X.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had considered the Matter re-committed to them, touching the Charge of the Dragoons and Foot Soldiers to be continued in Ireland, for the Year 1692; and also considered the Charge of the Hospitals and Contingencies, for the Service of the Year 1692; and had come to several Resolutions concerning the same; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Dragoons to be continued in Ireland, for the Service of the Year 1692, do consist of Two Regiments of Four hundred and Eighty Men each, including Officers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Foot Soldiers to be continued in Ireland, for the Service of the Year 1692, do consist of Fifteen Regiments of Seven hundred and Eighty Men each, including Officers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Two Regiments of Dragoons to be continued in Ireland, for- the Service of the Year 1692, be the Sum of Thirty-one thousand Fifteen Pounds Twelve Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Fifteen Regiments of Foot Soldiers to be continued'in Ireland, for the Service of the Year 1692, be the Sum of One hundred sixty-nine thousand Sixty-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of Hospitals, for the Service of the Year 1692, be the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of Contingencies, for the Service of the Year 1692, be the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds.

And the said several Resolutions being severally read a Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, contradicente.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had make a Computation of the Charge of the Land Forces for the Service of the Year 1692; and had come to a Resolution concerning the same; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he delivered in at the Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That a Sum not exceeding One Million Nine hundred thirty-five thousand Seven hundred Eighty-seven Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three-pence, together with the Sum of One hundred sixty-five thousand Pounds to be answered out of the Revenue of Ireland, be the Sum for the Land Forces, for the Service of the Year 1692, in order to the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum not exceeding One Million Nine hundred thirty-five thousand Seven hundred Eighty-seven Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three-pence, together with the Sum of One hundred sixty-five thousand Pounds, to be answered out of the Revenue of Ireland, be the Sum for the Land

7 P Forces,

Gen. Ginckle thanked.

Lords agree to Conference.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Fuller’s

pretended

Discoveries.

East India Company.

Committees.

Shelton’s

.Estate.

610 4° — 5 0 Januarii.A. 1691.

Forces, for the Service of the Year 1692, in order to the carrying on a vigorous War against

Then Mr. Solicitor General acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the Report touching the Aulnage, and the reading the Bill touching the publick Accoinpts, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to their Majesties, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given to General Ginckle, and the Officers that served in Ireland, for the great Service they have performed to their Majesties, and this Kingdom, in the Reduction of Ireland.

Ordered, That the Lord Castlelon, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Sir Wm.Strickland, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Moreton,

Sir Robert Edon, and Mr. Palmes, do attend upon General Ginckle’, and acquaint him with the Thanks of this House; and desire him to communicate the same to the Officers that served in Ireland.

Mr. Mountague reports, That he having, according to the Order of Saturday last, been with the Lords, to desire a free Conference, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference; the Lords do agree to a free Conference accordingly, Tomorrow Morning at Twelve a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for the paying the Army, according to the Musters of effective Men, and for better Paying of Quarters, and likewise for Preventing of false Musters, and punishing Mutineers and Deserters, was committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

The House being acquainted, that Wm. Fuller, according to their Order of Friday last, attended at the Door;

He was called in to the Bar: And being afterwards withdrawn;

Resolved, That an humble Application be made to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That he will please to grant to Mr. Fuller a Blank Pass for Two Persons for their safe coming from beyond Sea, or any other Place hither, to give their Evidence; and for their safe Protection, while they are here; and their safe Return, if desired.

And he was called in again; and acquainted therewith.

Ordered, That the Answer and Proposals given in to this House, upon Tuesday last, by the Committee of the East India Company, be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock; and nothing to intervene: And that the Committee of the East India Company do then attend this House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mart is, 5* die Januarii;

3* Gulielmi et Mari®.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Sale of several Lands, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Maurice Shelton, and others, and for settling other Lands, instead of them, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Christie, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Rob. Dovers, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Glemham, Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Carter, Mr. Clarke, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Jon.

19

nings, Sir Edw.Chisndll, Mr. How try, Serjeant

Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Ash, Sir Rob. Henley, Sir JVm.

Lemon, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Piggott, Mr. Henley, Sir IVm. Langham, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Brockman, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolke and Suffolke:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Moor’« to enable Francis Moor, Esquire, to sell the Manor of Estate,

Bay House, and Lands in West Thorock in the County of Essex, and to purchase and settle other Lands, in lieu thereof, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clerke,

Mr. Newport, Sir Jon. Jennings, Sir Jo. Tredenham Mr. Carter, Major Vincent, Mr. BMr. Bockenham, Mr. Beddingfeild, Mr. Bade, Mr. Biddolph, Mr.

Shackerly, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Bulkley, Sir Tho.

Darcy, Sir Rob. Henley, Sir Peter Colliton, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Henley, Mr. Christie, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Langton, Mr. Slater, Mr. Smith,

Mr. How, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Colonel -

Webb, Mr. Deane, Mr. Wilmot, Mr. Freke, Mr. Lamp-ton, Mr. Campion, and all the Members that serve for the County of Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Recovery and Bankrupts, more equal Distribution of Bankrupts Estates, be read a Sedond time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Onslow reports from the Committee to whom the Hawkers Bill for the Suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars, was and l>edlar*-committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

But he acquainting the House, That the Committee, upon further Consideration, thought it fit, That the Bill Should be re-committed; he therefore moved, That the Bill might be re-committed accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Dorrell reports from the Committee to whom Book of it was referred to inspect the Book of Rates; and also Rates, &c. the Statute of 22 Car. II4, for Improvement of Tillage, and Breed of Cattle; and to examine, What Goods of the Growth and Manufacture of England are overcharged; and to report their Opinions thereupon to the House; That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of the Act made in the Twelfth Year of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported (the Particulars whereof are mentioned in the Book of Rates), wrhich lays Three Shillings upon every Barrel of Beef exported; Four Shillings upon every Barrel of Pork exported; Three Shillings upon every Barrel of Butter exported; and One Shilling upon every Hundred Weight of Cheese exported; and Three-pence upon every Dozen of Candles; is fit to be repealed, as conducing to the Interest of this Kingdom.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That so much of the Act made in the Twelfth Year of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize?

Earl of

Waldgrave’s

Estate.

TTbames

Fishermen.

Woolen

Trade.

3 W. 59 Januarii. 6i1

chandizes exported and imported (the Particulars whereof are mentioned in the Book of Rates), which lays Three Shillings upon every Barrel of Beef exported; Four Shillings upon every Barrel of Pork exported; Three Shillings upon every Barrel of Butter exported; One Shilling upon every Hundred Weight of Cheese exported; and Threepence upon every Dozen of Candles exported; is fit to be repealed, as conducing to the Interest of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That a Bill be prepared and brought in upon the said Resolution: And it is referred to the same Committee, to prepare and bring in the same accordingly: And that Mr. Attorney and Mr. Solicitor General, and such of the Commissioners of the Customs as are Members of the House, be added to the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees of the Right honourable James Lord Walgrave to make Leases, and grant Copyhold Estates, for the Payment of the Arrears of Annuities of Henry Lord Waldgrave his Father, deceased, was read the Se-

cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Sir Jos. Tre-denham, Mr. Mannaton, Mr. Mr. Freeman, Mr. Bozcyer, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Slater, Sir

Chris. Musgrave, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Mr.

Harcourt, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Bed-dingfeild, Sir Edward Phillipps, Mr. Hono, Mr

Sir Jac.Ashley, 'Sin Cooke, Mr. Christie, Mr. Tredenham,

Mr. Onslrno, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr Sir Robert

Henley, Mr. Randall, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Henley, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Beke, Sir JVm. Strickland, Mr. Palmes, and all the Members that serve for Somersetshire: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better Regulation and Encouragement of the Company of Fishermen of the River of Thames, and providing Seamen for their Majesties Fleet, and preventing Frauds in Stealing of Customs, was read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, and divers other Trades within the Borough of and

County of Somerset, and Parts adjacent in the said County, was read; setting forth, That in the Reigns of the late King Charles and James, by the Invitation and Encouragement of Foreigners, to promote the Woolen Manufacture in Ireland, and particularly that of the new Manufactory of Serges and Perpetuanaes, the said Trade became dead; and had not the Resolution happened had thereby been lost; the Foreigners, by their Cheapness of Wool, Victuals, and Spinning, can, and do send to Foreign Markets, at least, Five Shillings per Serge cheaper than the Petitioners: And that now those Foreigners, upon the Reduction of Ireland, are, with all Industry, endeavouring to settle the Trade there also; and, to that End, have invited the most eminent Traders here, over thither; which may prove of evil Consequence to this Kingdom: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that some Means may be found out, that the Traders in the aforesaid Commodities, being many Thousands, in England, may receive as good Encouragement as those in Ireland.

Resolved, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred unto Sir Walter Sir John

Guise, Mr. Bade, Sir Rob. Cotton, Serjeant Mr. How, Sir John Kay, Sir Joh Mr. Blowfeild,

Mr Knight, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Sir

Dutton, Mr. Clerke, Sir Tho. Mr. Colonel Perry, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Mr.

Ryder, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Christie, Mr. England, Mr. Latter ell, Mr. WallerSir Sir Tho. Travcll, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Christopher Mus-Yol. X.

grave, Mr. Roberts, Sir Rob. Henley, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Parker, Sir John Cotton, Sir Edw. Mr. Beai'e,

Mr. Henley, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, Devon, , and Yorke:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of George Clarke was read; setting forth Woolen That the Petitioner finding the Clothiers, and others Trade‘ concerned in the Clothing Trade, have lately presented their Petitions to this House against the Wool Broggers, and Factors of Blackwell Hall, and others, notorious Enemies to the Clothiers and Trade of this Kingdom, the Petitioner thought this a most convenient Opportunity to present to this House the Presentment of the Grand Jury of the County of Somerset, that was to have been presented to King Charles the Second in 1684, with the Case of our English Wool, and the Manufacture thereof:

And praying the Consideration of the House in so important a Concern, the Petitioner being ready to make good his Charge against the said Factors and Brokers of Blackwell Hall.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whonq the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, and divers other Trades within the Borough of Minhead, and County of,

and Parts adjacent in the said County, is referred.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, and Ditto, divers other Traders in the City and County of Exon, and County of Devon, was read; setting forth, That in the Reigns of the late Kings Charles and James the Second, by the Invitation and Encouragement of Foreigners to promote the Woolen Trade in the Kingdom of Ireland, and particularly that of the new Manufactory of Serges and Perpetuanaes, the said Trade became dead and ruinous; and, had not the Resolution happened had thereby been lost; the Foreigners by their Cheapness of Wool, Victuals, and Spinning, and being able to, and do, send to Foreign Markets, at least, Five Shillings per Serge cheaper than the Petitioners can do: And that now those Foreigners, upon the Reduction of Ireland, are, with all Industry, endeavouring to settle the Trade there also, and, to that End, have invited the most eminent Dealers to remove from hence thither; which, Should they do, may prove of evil Consequence to this Kingdom: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that some Means may be found out, that the Traders in the aforesaid Commodities, being many Thousands, in England, may receive as good Encouragement as those in Ireland, to prevent the Ruin of so considerable and beneficial a Manufactory to this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, and divers other Trades within the Borough of Minhead, and County of Somerset, and Parts adjacent in the said County, is referred.

A Petition of the Clothiers and Serge-makers, living Ditto, in and about the Town of Taunton in the County of Somersett, was read; setting forth, That the late Irish Refugees, being employed, in Charity, in the Woolen Manufacture, have gained such Experience therein, as before they never understood; and, being returned home, can make and sell their Commodities much cheaper than the English, and thereby undermine their Trade: And that, unless there be an Imposition laid on the Woolen Manufactory in Ireland, to make the Prices equivalent to the English Cloths, the said Woolen Trade will be utterly ruined, and the Price of Wool lessened in England: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition of the said Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, and divers otherTrades within the Borough of Minhead, and County of Somersett, and Parts adjacent in the said County, is referred.

A Petition

Goog [e

\Yooless 1 raae.

Halford's

Estate.

Clandestine

Marriages.

Aulnage

Duty.

6l2}

50 Januarii. 1691.

A Petition of divers Merchants, Clothiers, and Factors, m Behalf of themselves, and several Counties in England, was read; setting forth, That notwithstanding the several Acts made for the prohibiting the Exportation, and punishing the Ex porters, of English Wool unwrought into

and other Foreign Parts, great Quantities of the said Wool are still continued to be transported into France, by which that Nation is very much enriched, and do send over hither divers Manufactures to the great Prejudice of our Artificers, and consequently the Lessening of Rents of Lands: And whereas in the First Year of their now Majesties an Act passed, to explain and put in Execution the former Acts made against Exportation of Wool, which was made for a Term of Three Years, which is now almost expired, and praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Act, and for the better Encouragement of Persons employed for putting the same in Execution, and preventing the Importation of the French Ma-. nufactures, and thereby also the Correspondence with that Kingdom, so destructive to England.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, and divers other Trades within-the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset t, and Parts adjacent in the said County, is referred.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and Sir Adam Otley;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to vest divers Manors, Lands, and Tenements in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Halford, Knight, deceased, and for Payment of the other Debts of Sir Wm.Halford, now living, prior to his Marriage

Settlement with the Lady Frances his now Wife: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords do put this House in mind of a Bill, sent down to this House, intituled, An Act disabling Minors to marry without the Consent of their Fathers and Guardians, and against their untimely marrying after the Decease of their Fathers; and for preventing clandestine Marriages for the future.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Sir Robert Davers, according to the Order of the Day,

reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Customhouse, and giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same, was committed, That they had considered the said Bill, and also the Petition of George Hase, and others; the Consideration whereof was referred to the said Committee: And that one Mr. Gourdon said, That Mr. Hayes, a Norwich Weaver, intrusted him to sell Fifty-four Pieces of Norwich Stuffs, to the Value of about Eighty Pounds:

That the Goods were delivered in at the Bull in g ate- street; and, in July last was Twelve-months, were there seized by the Officers belonging to the Farmers of the Duty of Aulnage, for want of Seals; and were by the said Officers conveyed aw ay: That he had several times applied himself both to the Farmers of the Aulnage, as also to their Officers, who did, and still do, refuse to deliver his said Goods, although he had offered to pay the Duty, amounting to about Two Shillings, and whatever else they Should reasonably demand; but his said Goods are kept from him to this Day; and the Aulnagers do now pretend, they are condemned in the Exchequer. He said, That the said Officers seized other Goods; and that the Owners had them again, upon Payment of the Duty, and other Fees, which they demanded.

That Mr. Strettcn said, That his Factor sent him up a Parcel of Goods to Town, beingThirteen Pieces of Cheneys, to the Value of Nineteen Pounds Eleven Shillings; which were seized by the Aulnagers, for want of Seals; the Duty w hereof came to One Shilling and a Peny: That he had made Application to the Officers and Farmers of

the Aulnage, and particularly divers times to Sir John Eyles, who made him very fair Promises that he Should have his Goods again; but, after several Attendances, and tendering whatever was due for the same lie was at last told, They were condemned in the Exchequer: That Sir John Eyles promised. That, if he could get a Letter of Attorney, he Should have the Goods the next Term: But afterwards, Sir John Eyles told him, That now he could not have them; for that there was a Bill brought into Parliament, for transferring the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house; and said, That he never joined Issue with the Farmers for Recovery of the Goods, as they pretend.

And that, on the Part of the Aulnagers,

Mr.Moor appeared: Who, in Answer to the Complaints of the said Petitioners, did alledge, That several Packs of Goods from Norwich were seized; and that the Owners, by their Attorney, moved the Court of Exchequer, for a Writ of Delivery, without making any Application to the Farmers of the Duty of Aulnage: That the Court, upon hearing the Matter, ordered an Information to be brought in the Exchequer; and, at the Plaintiffs Request, a Tryal at Bar Should be had for the said Goods the next ensuing Term: But the Complainants not proceeding in their Claim, the said Goods were condemned; and they produced the Condemnation.

Which Matters the Committee directed to be specially reported to the House.

And that the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill, and a Clause marked A, for preventing the Duchess of Richmond, her Executors or Assigns, taking any Advantage against the Heirs jar Assigns of Cha. late Duke of Richmond and Lenox, for so many Years only as the Duchess has any Right to the Subsidy of Aulnage; which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same ware read. Whereupon,

A Petition of Frances Duchess of Richmond and and of, her Farmers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duchess, as well for her Jointure, as by Purchase of the Executors of the late Duke of Richmond, is legally intitled to the whole Profits of the Duties of Subsidy and Aulnage, for a certain Term, under a yearly Relit, payable to the Crown; and that the said Farmers are now- intitled to the said Profits, they having paid a great Fine, and by paying a great annual Relit to the Duchess for the same: And that by a Bill now depending, for laying a Duty only on Goods exported, the legal Rights of all the Petitioners will be most apparently destroyed: And praying that they might be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, before any further Proceeding be made thereupon.

And the Question being put, That the Petitioners be heard at the Bar of this House, according to the Prayer of the said Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee, upon the Point of Compensation and Recompence to the Duchess of Richmond; and also touching the said Clause marked A: And that the Duchess, and her Farmers, be heard by their Counsel, as to those Points, before the s&id Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Buscauen, Sir Roger Puleston, be added to the said Committee: And that the Committee do meet Tomorrow at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An additional Bill, for appointing and enabling Com- Commis-missioners to examine, take, and state the publick Ac- loners ot compts of the Kingdom, was, according to the Order AcconiPls* of the Day, read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered,

Conference with Lords.

Ways and Means.

Debtors

scapes.

Committees.

Drax’s K state.

Earl of

Winchelsea

Estate.

Cullum’s

Estate.

Clandestine

Mortgages.

3 W. $3 M. 50 — 6' Jamarii. 13

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last A Bill for Relief of Creditors against fraudulent De- Fraudulent Conference do manage the free Conference with the vises, was read the First time. Devises.

Lords this Day: And that Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Harley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Paul Foley,

Mr. Palmes, be added to them. Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, presented to the Selling

Then the said Managers went to the free Conference. House a Bill to prevent the Buying and Selling of Of- Offices.

And being returned: flees. And the same was received.

Mr. Montague reported from the said Conference,

That the Managers had'attended the same; and desired. Sir Sam. according to Order, presented to Supply Rill}

That the House would give them time to recollect the the House a Bill for the better ordering and collecting the Low'Vines. Matter of the said Conference, and to report the same. Duties upon Low Wines, and Strong Waters; and preventing the Abuses therein. And the same was received.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the A Bill for the better Recovery, and more equal Dis- Bankrupts, whole House, to consider of W ays and Means for raising tribution, of Bankrupts Estates, was, according to the the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the car- Order of the Day, read the Second time, rying on a vigorous War against France. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Serjeant Trenchard, Serjeant Serjeant/Fog.w, Sir Ralph Out-

Ordered, That S\r Rob. Henley, Mr. Thomson, Sir Sam. ton, Sir Rob. Mr. Christie, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir

Bernardiston, Sir John Parsons, Serjeant Blincowe, Ser- £don, Mr. Slater, Sir Sam. Mr. Arnold,

jeant Tremaine, Mr. Colt, be added to the Committee to Mr. Mr. Sir Littleton, Sir -

whom the Bill for the better Relief of Creditors, and pre- Dorrell, Sir Henley, Mr. Etterick, Mr, Colt, Mr, venting Escapes, is committed. Perry, Mr. Mr. SirCAtf.

Mr. Luttcrell, Mr. Carter, Mr. Mr. Langton, Sir

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Sir Rob. Dashxcood, Mr.

ChaduicMr. Lloyd, Sir Jew. Mr. Fuller, Mr. "ivr r,;,ous® adjourned till Tomorrow Thornhaugh, Colonel Lee, Sir 'Tho. Roberts, Mr. PaptUivn,

Morning, Eight of the Clock. Sir John Sir John Mr. Henley, Mr.

Parker, Mr. Travers, Sir Peter Col/iton, Serjeant

coxce, Mr. Randall, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at l our of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Dover resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Llarbour*

MR. Brexter reports from the Committee to whom consider of the Bill for Repair of Dover Harbour.

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Act to vest the Estate late of Henry Dra.v, Esquire.de- Mr. Serjeant Trenchard took the Chair of the Com-

ceased, in Thomas Shatterden, and others, to whom the mittee.

said Estate is devised, to make a Jointure, was committed, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

That they had considered the Bill; and had directed him Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reports from the said Coin-

to report the same to the House, without any Amend- mittee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; ments: And he delivered the same in at the Table. and had directed him to move the House, That they

might have Leave to sit again.'

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-for the enabling the Right honourable Charles Earl of ing next, at Nine a Clock, resolve itself into a Com-Winchelsea to settle a Jointure upon any W ife he shall mittee of the whole House, to consider further of the marry during his Minority, was read the Second time. said Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Serjeant Tren- Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said chard, Serjeant Tremaine, Mr. How, Mr. CV/ry, Sir Robert Committee, that they do take Yarmouth Pier into Davers, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Chadxcick, Mr. Blcxrfeild, Consideration.

Mr Christie, Mr. Freeman, Sir Jac, Ashley, Nv.Buscawen,

Mr. Burdctt, Mr. Waller, Mr. England, Mr. Lutterell, Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply,

Mr. Hedger, Sir Robert Edon, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Henley, Mr. Campion, Sir Edxo. Hussey, Mr. Gilbert, consider of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties Mr. Lewis, Mr. Carter, Sir John Moreton, and all for the carrying on a vigorous War against France. the Members that serve for the Counties of Kent and Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Pour of Mr. Solicitor-General took the Chair of the Com-the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. mittee.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, for enabling Sir Dudley Cullum, Baronet, to raise Monies Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, to pay his Brothers and Sisters Portions, was read a That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them Second time. referred; and had directed him to move the House, That

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rob. Da- a particular State of the Revenue, and a Computation of oers, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Carter, Mr. the Civil List, might be laid before the House; and that,

Waller, Mr. Campion, Mr. Bloxvfeild, Mr. England, Sir the Committee might have Leave to sit again.

Rob. Henley, Mr. Piggott, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. OThat a particular State of the Revenue, and a Hutchinson, Sir John Moreton, Sir Jacob Ashley, Computation of the Civil List be laid before this House.

Mr. Lewis, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir John Knight, Mr. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-Freeman, Sir Wm.Lemon, Mr. Bidelph, Mr. Cary, and ing, after the Report of the Bill against Mutineers and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolkc, Deserters, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Suffolke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at House, to consider further of W’ays and Means for Four a Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber. raising Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the

carrying on a vigorous War against France.

A Bill to prevent Frauds by clandestine Mortgages, was read the First Time. Mr. Vice Chamberlain acquaints the House, That the Answer to

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Members of this House who are of his Majesty’s most Address.

Vo L.X. ' Q honourable

Mercuiii, 6° die Januarii; 3* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

Debtors

Escapes.

Committees.

Committees.

Marty n*s Estate.

-Molineux’s

Estate.

6* — 70 Januartu 1691.'

honourable Privy Council, had, according to the Order of the House, made an humble Application to his Majesty for a Pass for Mr. Fuller: and that his Majesty was pleased to say, That he would take care it Should be done speedily.

And had directed Mr. Christie to move the House, That Leave might be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Brockman, Mr. Colt, Sir Tho. nardiston, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Relief of Creditors, and preventing Escapes, is committed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That all Committees be revived;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Carter reports from the Committee to whom the Burton's irtgrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate, the better enabling Sir Thomas Burton, Baronet, to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, was committed, That they had considered the Bill; and had directed him to Report the same to the House without Amendments. And he delivered the same in at the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 7* dieJunuarii;

3* Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

QRD E R E D, That all Committees be revived.

Mr. Christie reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Manor of M with its Appurtenances, in the County of Dbeing the Lands and Estate of Nicholas Martyn, Esquire, by Trustees herein

named, for Payment of the Debts of the said Nicholas Martyn, was committed, That they had considered the Bill; and directed him to report the same to the House, -without any Amendments. And he delivered the same in at the Table

Mr. Harcourt reports from the Committee to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of JVm. Molineux, Gentleman, was referred, That they had examined and considered the same accordingly; and found the Case to be, That Hugh Molineux, the Petitioners elder Brother, being seised, under a Feoffment, dated the Tenth April, ig Car. Irai, of the Lands mentioned in the Petition, of an Estate in Tale Male the Remainder to JVm. the Petitioner in Tail Male, with like Remainders to Reginald and George, Two other of his younger Brothers; agreed with them by Articles, That in respect he had not paid them their Portions, as lie ought to have done, to join with them all in a Conveyance of the Lands; wherein Hugh Should make himself only Tenant for Life; with Power to charge the Estate with Two thousand Pounds for raising Portions for his younger Brothers and Sisters; the Remainder to his First, and so to his Tenth Son iu Tail; the Remainder to the Petitioner for Life; the Remainder to his First, and so to his Tenth Son; with the like Remainder to and George successively: And for Default of such Issue, Remainder in Fee to his Six Sisters.

That this Agreement was confirmed by a Decree in Chancery, made by Consent of all the Brothers and Sisters, and therefore the Brothers are only Tenants for Life in Equity, and so will want an Act of Parliament to make good a Title to a Purchaser but had not That Agreement been made, a Recovery might have been.

That, since the Decree, Hugh is dead without Issue, the Land being never charged with the Two thousand Pounds, nor the Portions paid, except only to Reignald, according to the Decree, and the Consent of all Parties; and JVm. the Petitioner, became seised, on the Death of Hugh: Whereupon the Committee, having examined the Settlement, Decree, and Articles, came to a Resolution: The which Mr. ChristicToad in his Place; and afterwards delivered in the same at the Clerks Table: Where the same being again read, is as followed);

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such a Bill as is desired by the Petitioner, is just and reasonable, and would be very serviceable to that whole Family

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Curtis’ for die more speedy Payment of the Debts of Estate. Curtis, Widow, late deceased, and Performance of an Agreement touching the same, made between Charles Curtis in his Life-time, and Edward Erie, according to a Decree in the High Court of Chancery, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Matthew Andrexvcs reports from the Committee, to Making w’hom it was referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for the making Saltpetre here in England, and to whom the Consideration of the Petition of # Goodall and Raljfh Buck-nail was referred, that they had considered the Petition, and prepared a Bill; which they had directed him to pre-. sent to the House: And the same was received.

Mr. Brewer reports from the Committee to whom the Cripps’ Consideration of the Petition of Cripps was referred, Estate.

That they had considered the same accordingly; and were of Opinion, that a Bill, as the Petitioner desired, was just and reasonable; and had directed him to move the House, That Leave might be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Bill for continuing of judicial Proceedings in Ireland, Judicial Pro-which have been discontinued by reason of the late Trou- ,u

bles there, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Christie reports from the Committee to whom the Smith’s ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Estate, enable Trustees to sell the Estate of Educat'd Smith,

Esquire, deceased, to raise Money for the Payment of his Debts, and to make Provision for his Children, who are Infants, was committed. That they had considered the Bill; and had directed him to report the same, without any Amendments. And he delivered the same in at the Table.

A Bill to prevent Frauds by clandestine Mortgages, Clandestine was read the Second time. Mortgages.

Resolved That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Brewer, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Green-vile, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Christie, Sir Jeixas E/wes, Air. 1

JValler, Sir Tho. Moreion, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Langton, Mr.

England, Mr. Fuller, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Mr. feild, Mr. Piggott, Sir Rob. Henley, Mr. Buscawen, Air.

Tredenham, Sir John Bowles, Mr. Henly, Sir Them. Jrer-non, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Carter, Sir John Dorrell, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Hedger, Sir John Guise, Sir Tho.

Haslerig, Mr. Slater, Sir 7 'ho.Roberts, Mr. Hutcchinson,

Sir JVm. Cooke, and all the Alembers that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Edward Tilford, Mariner, was read; Clandestine thereby setting forth, That divers Persons, known to the fradin8 *° Petitioner, do hold Correspondence with France, and lr*nc*' send over Lead, and other Commodities, thither; by which means the French King i$ supplied with Naval

Stores<

Attending

Highways*

Reducing

Inter&sL

Militia.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

3 W.

7° Jaiiuar

615

Stores: Which the Petitioner can make appear by French Passes and Letters, and by the Testimony of several credible Witnesses: And praying, That the Petitioner may be called in to the House, to prove the Allegations in relation to the Matters set forth in the said Petition.

Resolved, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House, How the Matters complained of in the said Petition may be prevented for the future.

And it is referred unto Colonel Sackvile, Sir Robert Colton, Sir John Morelon, Mr. , Mr.

Sir Tho. Haslerig, Major Vincen, Sir Edw. , Mr.

Wildman, Sir Thomas Darcy, Sir Math. Sir

Rob. Henley, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Sam. Bemardiston, Mr. Biddolph, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Mitchell, Mr.

Air. Clerke, Mr. Fuller, Sir Cha. Sir

Bo/les, Sir Thom. Vernon, Mr. Traverse, Colonel Kirby, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Dore, Mr. Burrard, Sir Cha. CarterettAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Repairing and Amending of the Highways, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Air. Baioyer, Sir Thomas Haslerig, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Slater, Sir Edw. Hussey, Colonel Perry, Mr. Christie, Mr. Mannaton, Sir Rob. Henley, Mr. Chet-wynd, Mr. Carter, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. How, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Hunt, Sir John Bolles, Sir Cha.

Bloys, Mr. Freeman, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Mr. Blcwfeild, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Milton, Mr. Bickerstaff 'e, Mr. Onslow, Sir Walter Young, Sir Cooke, Mr. Lutterell, Sir John Carew, Mr. Thonfson, Mr. Cooke, Sir Sir Tho. Darcye, Mr. Beddingfeild Sir Elzces, Air.

Arnold, Mr. England, Mr. B Air. Foley, Sir John Brownlow, Mr. Henley, Mr. Goldzccll, Mr. Air.

Lang ton, Mr. Greenfeild, Mr. Campion, Sir Lemon,

Air. Fuller, Mr. Ash, Mr. Beke, Sir Yorke, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. John How, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Onslozo, Mr. TilnCy, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Harris, Mr. Brownlow, Mr. Cary: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for Lessening of Interest of Aloney be read a Second time Tomorrow Aiorning at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1692, although the Alonth’s Pay formerly advanced, be not repaid: And that Sir John Guise do prepare and bring in the same.

Air. Attorney General, according to the Order of the Day, reports from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Paying the Army according to the Alusters of effective Alen, and for better Paying of Quarters, and likewise for preventing false Alusters, and punishing Alutineers and Deserters, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put, thereupon, several were agreed, and others disagreed unto: And some other Amendments made in the Chair.

A Clause was offered to the Bill: For obliging all Officers to accompt, upon Oath, with the Paymasters, before the First of May next, for all Disbursements by them made out of the Pay of the Soldiers, and Non Commission Officers for Cloathing; and, upon such Accompt made, shall pay to every such Soldier, within Six Days, what shall be due to him or them upon such Accompt Vol. X,

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill;

For obliging any Justice of the Peace, or any other chief Magistrate whatsoever, of any City, Town, or Borough, upon Request to him or them made, by any Commissary or Aiustermaster, to be present at any such Aluster, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

' A Proviso was offered to be made Part of the Bill f-That nothing in the Act contained shall be construed to extend to impeach, or take away, the Office of Comptroller of the Musters and Cheques of the Army, and Forces in Ireland; but that the same shall remain in the same Force, as if the Act had not been made. And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Aiessage from the Lords, by Mr. Baron Turton Lord* dr sire and Air. Baron Powell; a Conference*

Air. Speaker, The Lords do desire a present free Conference, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Alatter of the last free Conference.

And then the Aiessengers withdrew.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to a present free Conference with the Lords, as the Lords do desire;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noe,

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will return an Answer, by Aiessengers of their own, with all convenient Speed, to their Lordships.

And the Aiessengers being called in again; Air. Speaker acquainted them, That this House had considered of the said Aiessage; and would return an Answer, by Aiessengers of their own, with all convenient Speed, to their Lordships.

Resolved, That a Aiessage be, Tomorrow Aloming, sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships, That this House doth agree to a free Conference desired by their Lordships, upon the Subject Alatter of the last free Conference.

Ordered, That the Lord Colchester do go to the Lords,

Tomorrow Aiorning, with the said Message.

Air. Vice Chamberlain acquainted the House, That Revenue and he had a State of the Revenue, and a Computation of Civl1 List-the Civil Lists contained in Three Papers, to lay before the House, according to their Order: And he delivered the same in at the Table. And they were received.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Aiorning Ways and (after the Business touching the East India Company is ^Ieaus* over), resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider’further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Dax>ers be added to the Duties on Committee to whom the Petition of the Refiners of Spirit* from

llo*

139-

Sugar is referred.

Mclasses.

Ordered, That all the Aiembers of the Long Robe, be Hawker* and added to the Committee to whom the Bill for Suppressing Pedlar*, of Hawkers and Pedlars, is committed.

616 70 — 8° Januariu A. 1691.

Punishment Ordered, That Mr. Fuller be added to the Committee

of Offenders, to whom the Bill for taking away Clergy from some Offenders, and bringing others to Punishment, is committed-

settlement of Ordered, That Mr. , Sir Tho. Mr.

the Poor. Bowyer, Mr. Price, be added to the Committee to whom

the Bill for the better Explaining of Two former Acts for the Settlement of the Poor....

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° die;

3° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

Mollineux’s A/TR. Harcourt, according to Order, presented to the E*t»te. TVA House, a Bill to vest certain Lands of William Mollineux, Gentleman, in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Two thousand Pounds for paying Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in Chancery: And the same was received.

Alhury, Ac. Mr. Christie reports from the Committee to whom the Enfranchise- ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ment‘ enfranchising several Copyhold Lands and Tenements, holden of the Manor of Albury and 'North Mims in the County of Hertford was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow eth; '

Press 3, Line 26, instead of " his," read " their." Line 28, after " he," insert " or she."

And the same, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Hguse.

Woolen A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, and

Trade. divers other Trades within the Town and Parish of Tiver-

ton in the County of Devon, and Parts adjacent, in the said County, was read; setting forth, That, in the late Troubles in Ireland, many of the People were charitably received in England; and, for their Support, employed in the Making of Serges, and other Cloathing Manufactures; and thereby have since endeavoured to set up the said Trade in Ireland; which will prove of very ill Consequence, they being able to undersell the English, at least Six Shillings per Serge, by the low Price of Wool and Labour there: And, for that Ireland hath, by God’s Providence, been reduced at the Expence and Blood of the English Nation, who ought not to be intrenched upon by them in their Trading, and praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, and other Trades within the Borough of Mynehead, in the County of Somersett, and Parts adjacent, is referred.

Drax’t An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Etute. to vest the Estate, late the Estate of Henry Drax, Esquire, deceased, in Tho. Gentleman, and to

enable the said Thomas Shatterden, and others, to whom the said Estate is devised, to make a Jointure, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Brener do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House has agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

CullumV Sir Robert Davers reports from the Committee to E»tate. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

19

Act for enabling Sir Tho. Dudley Cullurn, Baronet, to raise

Monies to pay his Brother and Sisters Portions, was committed, That they had considered the Bill, and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amende ments. And he delivered the same in at tire Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Martyn’s for the Sale of the Manor of Mamco with its Ap- EsUU* purtenances, in the County of Devon, being the Lands and Estate of Nicholas Martyn, Esquire, by Trustees herein after named, for the Payment of the Debt, of the said Nicholas Martyn, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Christie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Sir John Dorrell, according to Order, presents to the Breeding House a Bill for the Encouragement of Breeding and ^attle* Fatting of Cattle. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Relief of Creditors against fraudulent De- Fraudulent

vises, was read the Second time: Devise*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Waller,

Sir Sam. Bernardiston, Mr. Freeman, Mr.

Mr. Lutterell, Sir Peter Colleton, Sir Rob. Davers, Sir Wilfred Lazcson, Mr. Goldxcell, Mr. Christie, Mr. Pig-

gott, Mr. England, Sir John Knight, Mr. Fuller, Sir Walter Young, Sir Rob. Henley, Sir Keymish, Sir-Tho. Darcy, Mr. Riddel'ph, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Beddingfeild, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bur-

rard, Mr. How, Sir Jeivas Elwes, Sir Roger Puleston, and all the Members that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Thurs- c.tll »ftb« day Morning next, at Ten a Clock: And that such House. Members of this House, as shall not then attend the Service of the House, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for such their Neglect.

Ordered, That Colonel Strangewayes have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for a Fortnight, his Lady being ill. Absence.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, to consider Fishery, of Ways and Means for the Encouragement of the General Fishery of this Nation; and to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Henley,

Mr. Gold-well, Mr. Campion, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr

Mr. Arnold, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Carter, Sir Hen. Ashurst,

Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Cha. Sidley,

Mr. Bickerstajfe, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Edzv. Abney, Mr. Champneyes, Mr. Colonel

Lee, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Colt, Sir Rob. Henley, Mr. Osbourne, Mr. Neale, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Brockman, Mr.

Bennet, Sir John Dorrell, Sir Rich. Abney, Colonel Perry,

Mr. Preston, Mr. Travers, Mr. Burrctt, and all the Members that serve for Cinque Ports and Sea Ports:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the Lessening of Interest Money, was, Reducing according to the Order of the Day, read the Second Interest, time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.,

Teller, for the Ye..,

Teller for the Noe., }.53-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

r

General Ginckle's Answer to Thanks.

Pelham's

Estate*

j Kyruersly's [ Estate.

Bishop of

London's

Estate.

London

Orphans.

Conference agreed to with Lords.

East India Company.

3 W. & M. 8° Januariu 617

Resolved, That the Bill for lessening the Interest of Money be committed to Sir Wm. Ellis, Sir John Sir John Dorrell, Sir Jos. Heme, Sir John Key, Mr. Carezv, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Rob. Mr.

Papillion, Colonel Cornwall, Mr. Arnold, Sir Edw. Hussey, Marquis Winchester, Mr. CheMr. Harbord, Mr. Maine, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Colt, Mr. Greertfeild, Mr. Christie, Mr. Freke, Sir John How, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Bowyer, Sir John Cutler, Colonel Perry, Mr. Finch, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Mr. Brockman, Sir Baz. Firebrass, Mr. Sherrard, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Richard How, Sir John Cary, Sir Wm. Yorke, Colonel Mr.

Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Jervas Elwes, Mr. Banks, Sir Tho. Clarges,

Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Dowdeswell', And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Castleton acquainted the House, that he and the other Members appointed had attended General Ginckle with the Thanks of this House, according to Order: And that he acknowledged the great Honour done him by this House; and that the Success of their Majesties Arms in Ireland was owing chiefly to the Valour of the English; and that he would take care to communicate the Vote of this House to the Officers that served in Ireland; and always endeavour the Prosperity of their Majesties, and the Government; and upon all Occasions acknowledge the great Obligations he had to this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Adam Ottley;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for securing, out of some of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and the Hereditaments of Charles Pelham of Brockeslby in the County of Esquire, the

Sum of Five thousand Pounds, with Interest; and One thousand Pounds unto Anne Pelham, eldest Daughter of the said Charles Pelham; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And also a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Kymersly to make a Lease or Leases

for Payment of his Debts; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And also a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Bishop of London, and Trustees, to sell the Manor of Bushly in the County of Worcester, Part of the Bishoprick of London, and to purchase other Lands to be annexed to the said Bishoprick, for the Improvement thereof; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for satisfying the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of

London.

The Lord Colchester acquaints the House, that he having, according to their Order Yesterday, delivered their Answer to the Lords, That this House doth agree to a free Conference desired by their Lordships; Their Lordships have appointed the same to be Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a free Conference with the Lords accordingly.

A Petition of Sir John Molesworth, Sheriff of the County of Cornwall, on behalf of himself, and the other Inhabitants of the said County, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That his Majesty King Charles First, by Letters Patents, dated 26 January, Nineteenth Year of his Reign, did grant unto the said County of Cornwall a free Trade and Commerce unto and from all Places in Amity with this Realm; whereby the Petitioners conceive they have a Right to trade to the East-Vox.. X.

Indies, as well as elsewhere: And, whereas the Establishing that Company, is now under Consideration of the House, and praying, That the Rights and Privileges, granted by the said Letters Patents, may be preserved to the Petitioners.

And also the said Grant* mentioned in the said Petition, was delivered in, and read.

Ordered, That the same be taken into the farther Consideration of this House.

Then the Order of the Day, for taking into Con- East India sideration the Answer and Proposals given in by the Company, j Committee of the East India Company, was read.

And the Answer and Proposals were read.

And the House proceeded to take the said Answer and Proposals into Consideration accordingly.

And a Committee of the Company were called in to the Bar; and asked, Whether the Persons, proposed for Security, did know of the Regulations voted by this House, and consented to by them; and, whether they would give a Recognizance.

To which they answered, That they submitted to such Regulations, as Should be passed into an Act; and that the Security Should be, as the House Should direct

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth approve of the Security proposed by the East India Company.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to establish an East India Company, according to the Regulations and Resolutions agreed unto by this House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Question, by leaving out " an; " and inserting " the

And the Question being put, That the Word "an" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved ir

Then another Amendment was proposed to be made in the Question, by leaving out "Company;" and inserting "Trade:"

And the Question being put, That the Word " Com-"pany" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to establish an East India Company, according to the Regulations and Resolutions agreed upon by this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch, Sir Christopher Musgraxe,

Serjeant Tremaine, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Rob. Sawyer,

Mr. Methwyn, Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Pollexfen, Sir Williamson; or any Three of them; do prepare and bring in the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Ways next at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee and Means, of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

/Sir Fran. Drake, [Mr. Smith,

/Sir Robert Dovers, [Mr. Harcourt,

inn A

}u5-

} 85.

7 R

1

ii

6i8

Earl of

'Salisbury'*

Estate.

Duties on Spirits from Melasses.

Committees.

Building

Ships.

Roof and Ceiling of the House*

Address to provide another Place,

Deer

Stealers.

90 Jankarii.

A. 1691.

Sabbath 9* di

3* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Portions, Debts, and Legacies, given and owing by late Earl of

Salisbury, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

' t

Sir John Knight reports from the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Refiners of the Sugar of England was referred, That they had considered the same accordingly; and were of Opinion, and accordingly had directed him to move, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing a Drawback for White Sugars refined in England, and Melasses, when exported.

Ordered, That the said Matter be re-committed to the same Committee: And that such of the Commissioners and Officers of the Treasury and Customs, as are of this House, and Sir Thomas Vernon, Mr. and Mr.

Goldxcell, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Reviving of a Clause, in an Act made the Fourteenth Year of King Charles the Second, Chap, the nth, for the Encouragement of good and defensible Ships: And it is referred to Mr. Buscawen, Sir Sam. Sir Matth. Andrexecs, to prepare and bring in a Bill.

Dr. Barbon reports, That the Members, appointed by the House to view the Roof and Cieling of the House, had viewed the same accordingly: And that they do find the Walls and Timber so much decayed, that they are of Opinion, the Building is in a dangerous Condition, and hot capable of further Repair.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That a convenient Place may be provided for the Commons of Parliament to sit in; the Building where they now sit being in a ruinous and dangerous Condition.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill for the better Discovery and Punishment of Deer-stealers.

And the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

At the End of the Bill add Clause A;

" Provided also, and be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall pull down and destroy, or cause to be pulled down and destroyed, the Pales or Walls of any Park, Forest, Chace, Purlieu, Paddock, Wood, or any other Ground inclosed1, where any Red or Fallow Deer shall be then kept, that such Person or Persons, so offending, be thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness dr Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the same County wherein the Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit for every such Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds; one Third Part thereof to be given to the Informer, another Third Part to the Poor of the Parish, where the Offence shall be committed, and the other Third Part to the Person thereby injured; to be levied by way of Distress upon the Goods and Chattels

of every such Offender, by Warrant under the ....

.....the Justice or Justices, before whom such Person

or Persons shall be convicted: And for want of such sufficient Distress, then such Person shall suffer Imprisonment for Three Months."

The same being read a Second time; several Amendments were proposed to be made to the said Clause: Which, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

23

Line 2. after " shall," insert " in the Night-time.".

Line 9. from the last " shall," leave out all, to " suffer," in Line last; " and, instead thereof," insert " by Warrant from such Justice or Justices, as aforesaid.",

Line last, and after " Months," add "without Bail or Mainprize."

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Clause, so amended.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Henley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House doth agree to the Amendments made by their Lordships, with the said Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Commi*-resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, *i«ners of to consider of the additional Bill for appointing and AccoInPu' enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick Accompts of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reported from the Committee,

That the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the Report of the said Bill be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Brewer, according to Order, presented to the Crips’Estate. House a Bill for the Sale of the Estate of Crips,

Gentleman, in the County of Kent; and settling another Estate of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

And the same was received.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklyn Earl of and Sir Adam Ottley; , Suffolk’s

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Estate*

An Act to enable the Trustees of James, late Earl of Suffolk, to sell the Manor of Hadslockin Essex, for discharging several other Manors and Lands of the said Earl, from Five thousand Pounds, Remainder of Ten thousand Pounds, by him formerly charged thereon: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, 'Fhat Sir Rob. Rich, Sir JValt. Clarges, Sir Bankrupts. Rob.Clayton, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Gray, Sir Edward Abney,

Mr. Chetzvyn, Mr. Haxvtry, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Cooke,

be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Discovery, and more equal Distribution of Bankrupts Estates....

Then die Managers, appointed for the free Conference Conference with the Lords, went to the Conference accordingly. with Lords.

And being returned;

Mr. Mountaguereported from the said Conference,

That the Managers had attended the same: And that the Lords had offered some Matters for an Accommodation.

Ordered, That the Report of the above free Conferences with the Lords be made, and taken into Consideration, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more speedy and Registering effectual furnishing their Majesties Navy and Merchant Seamen. Ships with Seamen be read the Second time, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Sir John Guise, according to Order, presented to the Militia. House a Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1692, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid. And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Bromley, be added Settlement

to the Committee to w’hom the Bill for the better of the Poor.

explaining

Doyir

Harbour.

Leave of Absence.

Militia.

Ways

and Means.

Creditors on

Publick

Funds.

j W. M. n0; — V2° Januarii. 619

plaining Two former Acts for the Settlement of the 5oor ....

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

not reach to the Sum upon which those Tallies are struck: Whereby they are like to be made incapable of serving their Majesties, or paying their Creditors: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of both Ithe said Petitions be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Luna, IT die

30 Gulielmi et Marite.

Pray irs.

THE House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for Repair of Dover Harbour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reports from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the Report of the said Bill be made upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That Colonel Beamont have Leave to go to Dover, upon his Majesty’s Service, for a Week.

Ordered, That Mr. Blmjeild, Mayor of Noncich, have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Then the Three Papers given in to the House on Revenue and Thursday last, as the State of the Revenue, and a Com- c,vil List* putation of the Civil List, were read [</].

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Papers be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House, according to the said Order of the Way*

Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole and Means, House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House,

That they might have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the Report of the Bill for taking the publick Ac-;Compts, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

A Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1692, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report of both the free Conferences Conference with the Lords be made, and taken into Consideration, with rds‘ upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock; and

nothing to intervene.

Then the Order of the Day was read, for the House Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees,

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, . , TT ,.

to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the ^®n "°U!le adjourned till Tomorrow

Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, fonthe carrying Morning, Eight, of the Clock,

on a vigorous War agai'ast France. __________

A Petition of several Merchants, and others, that serve the Navy with Stores, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners served the Stores, and were to be paid out of such Funds, as Should be appointed for Payment of such Services: That the last Sessions Seven hundred thousand Pounds was appropriated to the Services of the Navy for the Year 1691; and that the Petitioners have received Payment by Tallies, pursuant to the said Appropriation, so long as they couid raise Money upon them: That the Tallies, now to be given out, exceeding Seven hundred Fifty thousand Pounds, of the Million allowed to be borrowed upon the Act, the Petitioners are not able to raise Money upon them; it being generally said, That Two Thirds of the said Act will not pay Seven hundred Fifty thousand Pounds with Interest: And praying, That the House would strengthen the Security for the Million allowed to be borrowed upon the Act, -whereby the Petitioners may be able to raise Money upon the Tallies for carrying on their Trades, which otherwise they cannot do. And also

A Petition of divers Artificers and Tradesmen, serving their Majesties Office of Ordnance, was read; setting forth, That, in the Course of Payment kept in the Office of Ordniince, there is become due to the Petitioners upward of Ninety thousand Pounds: And that they have assigned them already above Thirty thousand Pounds, for Payment thereof, Tallies struck upon Two-thirds of the Excise; and intend to complete the same by Tallies of the like Nature: That the Petitioners Creditors will not accept their Tallies; nor can they raise Monies any other ways upon them; it being alleged, that Fund will Vol. X.

Martis, 120die Januani;

30 Gulielmi et Marite.

Prayers.

SIR Joseph Tredenham reports from the Committee to Earl of whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Waldgrave’* An Act to enable Trustees of the Right honourable Eslate-James Lord Walgrave, tg make Leases, and grant Copy-

hold Estates, for the Payment of the Arrears of Annuities of Henry Lord Waldgrave his Father, deceased, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And whiefr he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Press 4th. Line 4. after the Second "and," insert " the Survivor."

Press 5. Line 5. after "the," insert "Survivors or."

Line 8. the same Amendment.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The House being acquainted, that there was lately Privilege — delivered at the Door several printed Papers, which re- Reflectionsou lated' to the Bill depending in this House, for the better Proceedings. Relief of Creditors, and preventing Escapes, highly re-. fleeting upon the Proceedings of this House; and Containing many scandalousExpressions concerning the same;

[a] In thi* Place these Words are written, Vide posted folio; where they are entered.

Which

620

12° Januarii.

A. 1691.

Molineux’s

Estate.

Which Papers were delivered in at the Table; and there read; and intituled, " Reasons against the read Bill, supposed for Relief of Creditors, and preventing Escapes;" the other, intituled, " The present Bill for taking away some Rules, and all Securities, if passed into an Act, will occasion the ensuing fatal, or, at least, bad Consequences."

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, to examine, Who was the Author, Printer, and Disperser of the said printed Papers: And that they do report the same, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House: And the said Committee is impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to vest certain Lands of Wm. Gen-

tleman, in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, for paying Portions to his younger Brother and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in Chancery, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same, was committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next, atTen of the Clock.

Earl of Mr. Christie, reports from the Committee to whom

Wmchelsea’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for sUU' the Enabling of Charles Earl of to settle a

Jointure upon any Wife he shall marry {luring his Minority, was committed, That they had considered the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

Aulnage

Duty.

Copyholds subject to Debts.

Cullura's

Estate.

Registering

Seamen.

Grantham's

Estate.

DeerStealers

Campion’s

Will.

Mr. Beddingfeild, according to Order, presented to

the House a Bill for th£ subjecting Copyhold Estates to the Payment of Debts; and for the better enabling the Lords of Manors to recover Fines. And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir Dudley Cullum, Baronet, to raise Monies to pay his Brothers and Sisters Portions, was read the < Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Daversdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Bill for the more speedy and effectual furnishing their Majesties Navy and Merchants Ships with Seamen, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upga Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke, and Mr. Meredith',

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the enabling Vincent Grantham, Esquire, to lease Part of his Manor of Golthoe in Lincolnshire, for raising Monies to pay Portions and Debts charged thereupon: to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Clause added by, the Lords to the Bill for the better Discovery and Punishment of Deer-stealers.

Also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better enabling the Trustees and Executors

24

of Richard Campion, deceased, to perform his Will, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for paying the Army, according to the Musters of effective Men, and for better Paying of Quarters; and likewise for Preventing of folse Musters, and punishing Mutineers and Deserters; be read the Third time, upon Thursday Morning next, after the House, is Called over.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for lessening the Interest of Money, was committed, be made upon Friday Morning, after Eleven a Clock.

A Bill for the Encouragement of breeding and fatting Cattle, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John

Dorrell, Mr. Piggott, Mr. Ryder, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr.

Biddolph, Sir John Bolles, Sir Tho. Darcye, Sir Sam. Ber-nadiston, Mr. Cooke, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Tho. Robei'ts,

Mr. Burdett, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Hedger, Mr.

Sir John Wynn, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Bloufeild, Mr. Carter, Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr. Brice, Mr. Bockenham, Sir Tho. Haslerigg, Colonel Parry, Mr. Waller, Mr. Thomson, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Colonel Sack-

vile, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Campion, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir John Moreton, Sir John Key, Sir Rob. Henley, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chadwick, Sir John BarkeMr. Kenyon: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the additional Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick Accompts of the Kingdom, was committed, That they had make several Amendments to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and al‘terwards, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some other Amendn lents, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be ai Ided to the Bill, for disabling any Commissioner or Commissioners appointed by the said Act, . shall accept or 1 fold any Office or Employment of Profit dr Pension, othe t than what is provided by the Act, during the Continuanc e of the same.

And the same was twice read; an d, with some Amendments made by the House, was, up on the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Hous e.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the- Amendments, be ingrossed.

Then the House, according to the O.rder of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, That a Committee may be appointed to receive Proposals for raising a Sum of Money towards the canning on a vigorous War against France, upon a Fund of perpetual Interest.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to receive Proposals for raising a Sum of Money towards the

carrying

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Reducing

Interest.

Breeding of Cattle.

Commissioners of Accompts.

Ways

and Means.

London

Orphans.

Clandestine trading to France.

Earl of

Salisbury’s

Estate.

Shelton's

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Militia.

3 W.wM. i2°- — 13

carrying on the War against France, upon a Fund of perpetual Interest; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Jos.

Mr. Pelham, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Christopher Musgrave,

Mr. Smith, Sir Stephen Fo.r, Mr.; or any Five of

them: And they are to meet To-morro\y at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, in the Afternoon; and to sit de die in diem.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolvfe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for carrying on a vigorous Wm- against France.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means to satisfy Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That Colonel Kirby, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Harley, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of Edward TilforMariner, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 13*;

30 Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Portions, Debts,' and Legacies, given and owing by James late Earl of Salisbury, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to S'wWrn. Forrester, Mr. Foley, Mr. Dolben, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Poller fen, Mr. Mr. Bennett, Sir

Jos. Tredenham, Sir Wm.Cooper, Mr. Freeman, Sir Thom.

Darcye, Mr. Dyott, Colonel Titus, Mr. Christie, Mr. Burdett, Mr. Onslow, Sir Rob. Edon, Mr. Colt, Mr. Harley, Mr. Moantague, Sir Jonalh. Jennings, Sir Edward

Abney, Mr. England, Mr. Mr. Bmcycr, Mr.

Biddo/pb, Sir Rob. Henley, Mr. Cary, Mr. Hedger, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr. Bertie, Major Vincent, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Waller, Mr. Buscazcen, Mr. Sir

Fra. Massean, Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Cha, Blays, Sir

7 ho. Littleton, Sir Wm.Lemon, Sir Peter Colly ton, Sir Jos. Herne, Mr. Howard, Mr. Piggott, Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Speke, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Wharton, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Boyle, Sir John Bollcs, Mr. Gray: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Sale of several Lands for the Payment of several Debts and Legacies of Maurice Shellon, and others, and for settling other Lands, instead of them, was read the Third time.

Ordered, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Femrick do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Colonel Francis Pawlett, to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery oi his Health.

A Bill for the raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year although the Month’s Pay formerly ad-

vance el be not repaid, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir John Guise, Mr. Littten'll, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Sim Sir Vo L. X.

Januarii. I

Rob. Dovers, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Dyott, Colonel Titus, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Slater, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Rob. Henley, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Travers, Mr. Bmyer, Colonel Sackvile, Sir

Cha. Bloys, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Fenwick, Sir John Brozm-low, Mr. Bloufeild, Mr. Speke, Sir Cha. Wyndham, Sir Rob. Darcye, Mr. Beddingfeild, Mr. Bulkly, Mr. Archer, Mr. Foley, Mr. JValler, Mr. Christie: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee do prepare and bring in a Bill for the better settling the Militia, for the Service of their Majesties and the Kingdom.

A Bill for the better ordering and collecting the Duty upon Low Wines and Strong Waters, and preventing the Abuses therein, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Encouragement of making Saltpetre here in England, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Mountague, according to the Order of the Day, reported the Two free Conferences with the Lords upon the Bill for Regulating of Tryals, in Cases of Treason; as followeth.

That the Members of this House, who were commanded to manage the free Conference with the Lords on Tuesday the Fifth of this instant January, did attend their Lordships:

And that the Conference was begun by the Managers of this House: Who did acquaint the Lords, That the Commons had desired this free Conference, in order to a good Correspondence with their Lordships.

That the Inclinations which the Commons have to continue that good Correspondence, which has yet been happily maintained between the Two Houses, was sufficiently expressed by their Proceedings in the whole Progress of the Bill.

That this Bill was begun by the Commons, for the equal Advantage of such Lords, or Commons, w ho had the Misfortune to be accused of Treason, or Misprisiop of Treason.

That, when it was first returned from their Lordships, it came down with very many Amendments: And the Commons were so willing to comply with the Desires of their Lordships, and to give the Bill a speedy Passage, that they agreed to all those Amendments, except the Two last; though some of them were of a very nice Nature; and related to Things, of which the Commons have ever been most tender.

That, at the First Conference, the Commons gave their Lordships the Reasons that induced them to make those Two Amendments: Which did so far satisfy their I wardships, that they did agree to their First Amendment proposed by this House; though they did insist upon this other, for which they delivered their Reasons at the Second Conference.

That the Reasons had been solemnly and deliberately considered by the Commons: But they had not found them sufficient to convince them: And they did still disagree with the Lords in the Clause marked A; and did insist upon that Disagreement.

And that your Managers told them, It was very unfortunate, That no Bill for the Relief of the Subject, in these Cases, had been tendered for many Years last past; but either this Clause, or something of the like Nature, had unhappily clogged it, and been the Occasion of losing it: And that, as this was never thought reasonable to be admitted formerly, upon any Account; so neither can the Commons now consent to so great an Alteration of our Constitution as this w ould introduce.

That such Alteration is far beyond the Intent and Design which the Commons had in preparing this Bill. They w ere desirous, that all Men Should have a fair and equal Way of making their Defence: They wished, that

y S the

Supply Bill; Duty on Low Wine*.

Making

Saltpetre.

Conferences on Trials for Treason.

Conferences on Trials for Treason.

6*22

the Guiltless Should, by all necessary Provisions, be protected; and be allowed all just Means of making their Innocency manifest: But they did not design to subvert the Essence and Constitution of the Courts: They did not intend to disable the Crown in one of its most necessary Prerogatives; or to place a Judicature in other Hands than those to whom the Laws of England, and the Custom of the Realm, have committed it.

But that the Clause now in Dispute, strikes at no less than this; and, in Consequence, at the Alteration of the Government of England.

That the Government of England is monarchial: And the Monarch has the Power of constituting Courts and Officers for Administration of Justice. Though they are to proceed according to known Rules and Limitations of Law, the Judges are constituted by. his Commission; the Sheriffs are of his Nomination and Appointment, who are to return the Panel of Jurors who are to pass on the Lives of the Commoners: And in like manner, it is the Prerogative of the Crown to constitute a Lord High Steward; who, by his Serjeant at Arms, does summon a competent Number of Peers to be Tiyers of their Lordships.

But that this Clause would erect a Judicature independent on the Crown.

That the Experience of past Times has not contradicted that Opinion of the Honour and Integrity of the Lords which the Commons have received.

That their Design, in passing this Bill, was, to prevent those Abuses in Tryals for Treason, in inferior Courts, for the future; by means of which, during the Violence of late Reigns, they had observed divers had lost their Lives.

That the Things to which the Bill extends are of such a Nature, that, except only in one Instance, that is, the time of the Delivery of the Copy of the Panel (for it was agreed, even in my Lord Russell's Case, That the Subject had the Right to have the Copy of the Panel), the Lords have an equal Benefit with the Commons.

That the Commons do not observe, that the Clause, sent down by the Lords, do relate to the like Grounds of Complaint. No instance can be given, of any Peer who suffered during the late Reigns, from whence a just Cause of Objection might arise to . present Method of trying Peers.

That the only Two Persons prosecuted came off, though pursued with great Violence; the one, because the Grant! Jury could not be prevailed on to find the Bill: The other was acquitted, upon his Tryal, by the Justice of his Peers.

That by all the Circumstances of that Tryal of the Lord Delaniere, it is manifest, That if there were any Unfairness in that Method of Tryal, it then would have appeared: The Violence of those Times was such, that the Commons were not protected by that Innocency which has since been declared in Parliament: Yet then the Lord Delamere w as acquitted by the Honour and the Justice of his Peers: And it may seem strange to future Ages, That the Commons Should be contented, that the Method of Tryals Should be continued, which was not sufficient to protect their Innocency; and their Lordships alter That which has proved a Bulwark to their Lives.

That the Commons also think the Clause to be of a different Nature from the Bill; because the Bill does not make any Alteration in the Constituting of the Court, or in the Nature of the Tryal: But the Commons apprehend, That this is done by the Clause.

That the Court is no longer constituted by the Precept of the Lord High Steward, wtW) receives his Commission from the Crown: But the whole Order of Peers have a Right to make up the Court: And all the Friends, the Relations, and the Accomplices, of the Person are to be his Tryers.

But that there is another great Alteration in the Constitution of the Court, as the Clause is penned: This Method, prescribed by the Clause, is for the Tryal of every Peer: And every Peer, who has a Right to sit and

itfpr.

vote in Parliament, is to be summoned; and may appear and vote.

Now, it is agreed by the most learned Authors, That the Lords Spiritual are Peers: ‘

That this is certain; Whoever would go about to defend the contrary Opinion, would find it difficult to answer the several Records of Parliament; and other Authorities, where this Point is asserted:

The well-known Claim in Parliament of Archbishop Stafford, in the Reign of Edward the Third;

That the famous Protestation 11 Rich. II. when the Bishops thought fit to absent themselves from Parliament, because of Matters of Blood to be agitated there; wherein their Right of Peerage is directly asserted: And this Protestation, being inrolled at the Desire of the King, and with the Consent of the Lords and Commons, seems to be of the Nature of an Act of Parliament:

And, that if the Law Books may come in for Authorities in such a Point, there are Cases where the Pleas of Bishops, as Peers, have been judicially allowed.

So that this Clause does directly let in the Lords Spiritual to try and be tried, as other Peers, who are noble by Descent. Not that the Commons are dissatisfied with this, if this were the only Matter: The Lords Spiritual, in all Probability, by their Learning and Integrity, would greatly assist at the Tryal of Peers :*And the Commons are well enough disposed to let in those noble Prelates to any Privileges, -in point of Tryals, which shall be proposed by the House of Peers: But that this is urged to make good the Position laid down before; That by this Clause the Constitution of the Court is quite altered; it having been taken for Law, That the Lords Spiritual are not to be tried as other Peers, or to be present or vote at the Tryal of any other Peers, at least out of Parliament: For, as to their Right in Parliament. How far they are restrained by their Canons how

far those Canons have been received in England, and what the Use of Parliaments has been, is not the present Business.

That, had this Bill come first down from the Lords, and the Commons had added a Clause, That no Commoner Should be tried for Treason but before all the Twelve Judges, and by a Jury of Twenty-four Persons: and to have taken away all Challenges for Consanguinity (which, if it be considered, is somewhat of the Nature of the Lords Clause, though it does not go so far); That if the Lords had thought fit to have used the same Reason, for disagreeing to such a Clause, as the Commons had done in the present Case, " That it was different from the Design of the Bill;" That the same Reasons which the Commons received from the Lords at the last Conference, if they had been delivered by the Commons, would not have been convincing to their Lordships.

That the Commons observed, That the Lords, in the Clause, or in their Reasons, have not stated any Cause of Objection to the present Method of their Tryals: And therefore the Commons wonder, that the Lords (as they expressed themselves in their Reasons) Should conceive, that they were distinguished, so as to he more exposed in their Tryals than the meanest Subject; since the Commons do not find, but that they enjoy this great and high Privilege (upon which so great a Value has been justly put) as fully as ever any of their noble Ancestors did.

That it is by this Privilege that the Body of the Peers has been preserved so long: If any Lord any time Should be disposed to expose himself in Defence of the common Liberties of the People, the Commons are a Security to him against being oppressed by false Accusations: Twelve of them must agree to find a Bill, before he can be in-indicted: And that Bill cannot be found, but upon the Oaths of Two credible Witnesses.

That the Commons look upon the Method of Tryals which the Lords would alter, to have been as ancient as the Constitution of the Government.

That it appears in the Year Books, to have been practised in the First Year of Henry the Fourth, and to have been well known at that time.

That

130 yanuariu

3 W. & M. 13

‘That ihdfced, it cannot be supposed to have been ad Innovation then: The Lords, who had just before deposed King R. II*, were too great to suffer such an. Innovation; and Hen. the IV*h’s Title was not sufficiently

established to attempt it.

That the Reason, Why no elder Instances of Proceedings before the Lord High Steward are to be found, is this; That this very Henry the IV,b, when Duke of Lancaster, Was the last High Steward who ever had any fixed Interest id the Office: So that the Office being so long since ceased, all the Records are lost; and the very Nature and Power of the Office, except in this Instance of Trying of Peers, and determining Claims at Coronations, is iost: Put, since that Time, the High Steward being only pro unica vice, the Proceedings are commonly transmitted into other Courts; and so come to be found.

That the Commons observed, That, if there be any Objection to that Method of Trying of Peers, it must be founded on a Supposition of Partiality and Unfairness in constituting of a High Steward, or in the High Steward himself, and the Peers summoned by him: And the Commons are unwilling to enter into such kind of Supposals.

That, as to the partial Constituting of a High Steward, if that may be supposed, it is an Objection to the Constitution, which intrusts the Crown with the Administration of Justice: That Supposal may as well extend to the constituting the Judges, and the Sheriffs, and every other Part of rthe Administration: And that if, upon such a Supposal, or Distrust, the Remedy must be, to take that Part of the Administration out of the Crown (as is done in this Case); the same Reason must carry the thing so far, that the Nature of the Government w ill be altered.

As to the Partiality of the Lord High Steward, and the Peers; the Commons are unwilling to suppose, that it is possible, that Twelve Peers Should be ever found (for that Number must agree, or the Person accused is safe) who can so far forget their Honour, and the noble Order they are of, as, for Revenge or Interest, to sacrifice an innocent Person:

But, that if the Lords will suppose, that such a Number of Peers may be capable of being engaged in so ill and so dishonourable Things; then the Commons think themselves excused, if they suppose, that other Passions and Motives may also prevail upon the Peers; that such as Pity in Friends, Partiality in Relations, and the Consideration of their own Safety in the Case of Accomplices: That most Men, and especially Englishmen, enter unwilling into Matters of Blood.

That the most indifferent Peers will be most likely to absent themselves, either from a Consideration of dissatisfying the Crown, on the one hand, or drawing on themselves the Mischiefs of a Breach with the Family of the Person accused, on the other (for it is to be observed. That a Restitution of the Family follows generally in a Short time); or, at least, the Love of Security, and Care of not engaging too far: For these Tryals (which, for the most part, happen in unquiet and troublesome Times) will keep indifferent Men away:

But that the Care for a Friend will not fail to bring Friends to the Tryal: The Concern to preserve their Family from that Stain, will bring Relations: And, if there be any Accomplices, they must be ready, for their own sakes, to acquit the Accused: And that probably their Number must be considerable in these Cases: For it is not to be imagined, that a Lord can enter into those base and detestable Actions, which may be performed by single Persons; such as poisoning or assassinating the Prince.

That the Treasons, which it can be imagined that Lords may be engaged, may be such as arise lrom Factions in the State; in which many must be engaged: And, if some Accident discover sufficient Matter for a Charge against one of the Party, the rest w ho ore concealed still, will have as good Right to try their Confederate, as any indifferent Lord; and no doubt but it is their Interest to acquit him: And how far, at some times, this alone may go tow ards turning the Scale of Justice, may deserve to be Voi- X.

considered; especially in Times which may happen hereafter, because they have happened heretofore) w hen there may be several Titles set up to the Crown, and great Parties formed.

That this is a Law which is to have a perpetual Continuance: And that the -same Loyalty, Wisdom, and Zeal, which appears now in their Lordships, Should be derived down to all their Posterity, is a thing rather to be wished than depended upon.

That if therefore the Clause has a Tendency towards letting in an Impunity for Treason, the Commons look upon themselves as justified in disagreeing to it':

For that they think it obvious to every one, of what Consequence it will be to the Constitution, if such a Body as the Peers, who have already such high Privileges of all Sorts, Should have Impunity for Treason added; and what that must naturally end in.

That the Commons agreed with the Lords, That a good Correspondence between the Two Houses is of Necessity, for the Safety, Honour, and Greatness of the Nation; and can never think, that it is to be interrupted by their refusing any thing which may endanger the Constitution; assuring them, the Commons will never fail in improving the true Interest of the Lords: But they persuade themselves, that the Lords will be of Opinion, That, to introduce any thing which tends to an Impunity for Treason, is neither the true Interest of the Crown, the Lords, or the Commons.

That the Managers for the Lords, who spoke, at this Conference, were the Duke of Bolton, the Marquis of Halifax, the Earls of Pembrooke,

Nottingham, Rochester, and Monmouth.

That the Substance of what was said by the Managers for the Lords was, That the Lords were sorry to be of any Opinion different from the Commons, especially in a Clause of so great Importance, which did concern not only their Well-being, but their very Being; That they had not differed from us in any thing propounded for our Security; and hoped we would have the same Consideration for theirs: That nothing was so proper for a Parliament as to provide Defences for Innocency in ill Times. Necessity, in good Prudence, puts us upon it. And though there were good times, in respect of the present Government, they may say, they are unquiet and unsafe \ And What but a good Prince will ever pass such Laws as these are ? This is the most proper Time to provide for the Subject. For a good King would be willing, not only to protect them while he lives, but to provide for their Security after his Death.

That this concerned not only themselves} and therefore they would speak the more freely; It is too narrow a Consideration for a Parliament to seek only our present Ends; Our Ancestors had further thoughts: And they did not doubt but we Should have so too. This Clause is not for the Lords sake alone: There can no good be done in Times of Trouble, and Invasion of Rights, but by Agreement of both Houses: There must be a Concurrence of the greatest Part of the Lords, and the greatest Part of the Commons to maintain the Government of England: There may come a Prince, when we are dead and gone, that may endeavour to invade the Liberties of the People; And then the Commons would be glad to have the Concurrence of the Lords: And desired we would consider, in such a Case, Whether it would not he a great Discouragement for the Lords to act; unless they might be as secure, at least, as the Commons: And there may be such Princes. Is it fitting, That Part of the Goverment, which is so necessary in their Concurrence, Should be under such Terms lor their Lives, that they dare not oppose them with Vigour; nor act, because they lie under Shackles?

That the Lords would do what was just, though this Clause Should not pass: But they would be loth, that those Lords, that are eminent for their publick Service, Should be eminent for their Sufferings for it.

That

Conference! on Trials for Treason.

6 24

13* Janua.

A. 1691.

Conferences That, in the Case of Impeachments, which are the Groans

on Trials for of the People, and for the highest Crimes, and carry with Treason. them a greater Supposition of Guilt than any other Accusation, There all the Lords must judge: But when there conies a private Prosecution, which may proceed from the Influence of particular Men; Then a Lord lies under the Hardship of being tryed by a few Peers, chosen to try him; w hen all the People may sigh and w ish for him: But such a Clause would do him more good.

That, suppose an ill Minister Should apprehend an Impeachment in Parliament, What manner of way could that man hope better to come oft' by, than by being tried before a Parliament sits; where his Judges may be chosen so partially, as he shall come off; and it shall be said, no Man can legally undergo two Tryals for the same Offence

That this way of Tryal was not ancienter than the VII Ith. That it was brought in then to take off those that he did not like: That in his Time, the Duke of Buckingham was taken oft’, in this manner, by Cardinal IV: That Anna Bullein was condemned by her ow n Father: And afterwards, a Party w’as chosen to condemn the Duke of Somersett, and the Duke of Northumberland. That ^the Case of the Earl of H. I. H. IV. is no good Case, hor truly reported; for the Parliament Rolls, 2 H. IV. mention his being beheaded by the Rabble in Essex.

That tills does not alter the Constitution any more than as, in some Sense, every new Law may be said to alter the Constitution: And the Commons say it is altered; because, formerly, it was by a set Number; and now all , must appear: That does not seem to alter the Constitution; for the High Steward Now may summon them all: The Lord High Steward formerly summoned the Court; he summons it still: The Nature of the Court is not altered by the Majus or Minus, any more than the King's Bench ceases to be the same Court, when there are Three or Four Judges in it.

That though this Clause did not, as was said, pursue the End of the Bill; yet either House has a Power of adding what they think may make it better: And though this is not of a different Nature, there have been Instances of Additions of different Natures: But this is so far from it, that it agrees entirely with it, and is as suitable and necessary as any Part of it.

That the Commons were not well satisfied, w'hen the Commissions of the Judges run durante beneplacito: And could it be thought reasonable, that the Lords who are the supreme Judicature, Should not stay in their Lives, quamdiu se bene gesserint

And, that though the King does now appoint the Sheriffs, it was not always so: And, since the Crown has made them, the Commons have this for their Security, That they may challenge Thirty-five of the Panel, peremptorily; and all the rest, for Cause.

But that the Judges and Sheriffs are made before the Crime committed; so that it is impossible for the Judges or Sheriffs to have a Prejudice against any Man: But the Lord High Steward is appointed after they know the Prisoner; and he shall be tried according to the Humour of the Times they are in There may be Lords inclined one w ay and the other: But, in this Case, there , is a strong thing joined with this Passion; which is, their making their ow n Fortunes by serving the present Times.

That, since the Tryal of Peers, in Time of Parliament, must be by the whole House, Where is the Inconvenience, that at all times they Should be tried as in Parliament ? It is a little Favour the Lords ask in this Clause, considering the Privilege of Parliament, for Three Years last past, has been always subsisting, and is like to continue so during this War: So that the Objection is taken away as to the present Government: For they will have the Advantage of a Parliamentary Tryal: And possibly, in Times to come, there may be an Inquisition for what is done now: And it will be well to have the fairest way of Proceeding in that Matter.

That, in the Case of the Lord several

1"

Lords were then in Town; and there were a great many of those Lords not chosen: And it is a great Question, Whether that noble Ix>rd had come off as he did, if he had not received such Notice from the Grand Jury, and every thing had not been made out so plain.

That the Argument used by your Managers, " That they could not allow any thing that tends to any Impunity," is a very large Assertion; and may be an Argument against the Bill; because it may happen, that, by giving a Copy of the Indictment, and Witnesses being upon their Oaths, a guilty Man may escape; and then he has an Impunity. This is not intended: All that can be done in these Cases is, to put in such reasonable Caution, and so far, as a Bill can provide for.

That this Clause could not extend to the Bishops; for it relates only to Tryals out of Parliament; and they are only Peers in Parliament, where they take their Privilege to hear, and then go out again, and do not vote in Blood: And, by the Word Peeress, it must be understood of such Peers only, as are Peers in respect of their Blood.

That the Lords were of Opinion, That Peers were sufficient to condemn a Peer: But tills makes no Alteration in the Argument; for there is not much more Difficulty k in getting Twelve than Seven: Indeed, there might be a great Difference, where a Crown or Government was not concerned.

That the Excellency of a Jury is, That they are takep ex vicinato :What is the Reason of this ? Why, in case

of false Witnesses, it is his Neighbour that is to save the Man: But what Security have the Lords, when Lords are picked out to try them, who are not of their Acquaintance; and the Lords who know the whole Course of their Lives to be contrary to what is sworn against them shall not be chosen

That it is implied by the Commission of the Lord High" Steward, That all the Peers Should be summoned; for, by his Commission, all the Peers of the Realm are commanded to attend upon him, and be obedient to him; So that the King does not only give Liberty, but seems to command it.

That the Managers for the Commons, by way of Reply, said;

That this Clause would alter the Constitution of this Court, and thereby a very considerable Part of the Constitution of the Government; and that for the worse.

That it is not to be granted, that any new Law does alter the Constitution.

That a new Law may be made to strengthen or restore the Constitution against the Abuses, it may be declaratory, it may ascertain tilings that before were left to reasonable Discretion; which are but Circumstances and Accidents; and, notwithstanding such pew Laws, the Substance of the Constitution remains the same:

So, that by this Bill, the Person indicted is to have^a Copy of his Indictment Ten Days before he shall plead: Whereas now, by the Common Law, he is to have the Indictment read to him as oft as he needs and desires; and to have Copies of so much of it as he has Occasion to use; and reasonable time to plead:

That by this Bill, he is to have his Witnesses sworn; which, in some learned Mens Opinions was the Law before: However, it is but a Circumstance added to the Testimony:

That by this Bill, he is to have a Copy of the Panel before the Tryal; w'hereas by the Course used now, he hath a Copy a reasonable time before:

And, that by the Law now, he is to have a reasonable Time to prepare for his Tryal; which Time this Bill ascertains, by a Number of Days.

But that the Alteration, by the Clause in Question, is in a most substantial Part; and which highly aft’eets the Constitution of the Government.

That our Government is a Monarchy: And it is a main Part of the King’s Authority to administer Justice by Officers of his own appointing.

That

j W.^M. 130 Januarii. 625

That the King makes Sheriffs; who, for the Tryal bf a Commoner, returns so many Freeholders as are competent.

That the King makes the High Steward; who, for the Tryal of a Peer, summons so many Peers as are sufficient.

That, taking away these Powers from the High Steward, and Sheriff; it takes so much from the Regal Authority; and it will amount to no less than to render the Subjects independent on the Crown, in the Pleas of the Crown; wherein, above all other things, the Life, Peace, and Safety of the Government is concerned.

That, if a like Clause were brought in, that every Commoner Should be tried by all the Freeholders of the County that would appear, or such of them as they Should depute; it could not well be denied, that this were a Change in the Constitution of the Government.

That it may as well be said, That it is not any Altering of the Constitution to divest the Crown of the Power of making Judges in Courts of Law and Equity, and other Courts, or making Justices of Peace, and other Officers.

That it was granted, in Parliament, by 28 Edward I. That the People of any County Should chuse the Sheriffs: But thereupon ensued such factious Confusions and Mischiefs in the Country, that, by the Desire of the People, in Parliament, 9 Edward II. the Power of making Sheriffs was settled in the Crown.

That, though the High Steward be said to be the Court; yet the Peers Tryals are so necessary a Part of the Court, that the Conviction, or Acquittal, depends entirely on them: And therefore, not only the Number of Tryers, but the Nature of the Court, may properly be affirmed to be altered by this Clause.

That the Commons were surprized, when they heard it alledged, That this Court, and Course of Tryal, was first introduced in Henry the Eighth’s Time, by Cardinal IVolsey, in the (^ase of the Duke of; and that all

Tryals of Peers before were in Parliament:

That the Statute made the 15th Ed. III. manifestly proves the contrary. It ordained, That Peers Should be tried by their Peers in Parliament; but provides, That if any Peer would chuse to be tried elsewhere than in Parliament, he might.

That indeed, the Statute was repealed 17 Edw. IH. because it was so injurious to the Prerogative. But yet it shews there was then such a Court and Course of Tryals as This, out of Parliament: For they could not, in Edwatd the Third's time, divine, that there would be such a new Court and Manner of Tryal erected in Henry the Eighth’s Time.

That the Trial of the Earl in H. I, H. IV. reported in the Year Books, is no more to be questioned than any other Case there: And it is cited, as authentick, by Stamford, in his learned Treatise of the Pleas of the Crown: And his Opinion also is, That this Way of Tryal was meant in the Judicium Pamentioned in Magna

Charta: And Stamford is of great Authority in this Behalf; for that he wa3 Cotemporary to the Reign of H. VIII.; and could not have been unacquainted with this Innovation, if such there had been made in that Time.

And that the very Clause of their Lordships now in Question, doth affirm the Legality of this Way of Tryal: For it distinguishes Treasons which corrupt the Blood, from others; and leaves all other Treasons, and all Felonies, to be tried by Peers summoned by the High Steward, as it is now used: Which shews too, that there is no great Danger apprehended to the Peers by this kind of Tryal.

That the Commons do not admit, that a Peer can be convicted by Seven Peers: There must be Twelve, at least, to concur in the Verdict: It is not only said by my Lord Coke, but the Law is,' That no Man shall suffer capitally at the King’s Suit, unless his Offence be found by Twenty-four at least, that is, Twelve to find the Indictment, and Twelve to find the Verdict:

And that there must be Twelve Peers agree in the Verdict, was resolved in the Lord ’ Case, 26 H. VIII.

Which is remembered in Moores Reports.

Vo l.X,

And the Case of every Peer that has been Convicted, is a Proof of this: For it cannot be shewn, Thatjever any Peer was convicted by fewer than Twelve.

The Duodecemvirale Judicium, some time in Use in foreign Countries, was always approved, and established by the Law of England; and understood to be That Authority, to which the Determination of contested Facts is intrusted: And therefore, in all other Commissions and Precepts, as well as those of the High Steward, wherein the Command is in general Words; viz. tore turn or summon tot et tales, such and so many Persons by whom the Truth of the Matter may be tried; it is to be answered and performed by the bringing of Twelve Persons, who are to agree in the Determination of the Matter inquired of.

And as to that Clause that requires all Peers to be attending; it is but a Clause of the same Form and Nature, as is in Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and other Commissions; and imports no more, than that all Persons Should attend, who are required to do so by Law: And it can no more be inferred from those Words, That the High Steward is to summon all the Peers; than, from the like Words in other Commissions, all the Freeholders are to be summoned.

It is the common Notion of our Law, That no Man shall be convicted of a Crime, but by the unanimous Judgment of Twelve unexceptionable Persons summoned by the King’s Officer.

The Commons have Liberty of Challenging; because that Feaf, or Corruption, or other Cause of Partiality, may be supposed among them.

The Lords have no Challenges: But all Peers are esteemed unexceptionable, because nothing so mean and dishonourable is to be presumed among them.

Their Lordships Ancestors chose to distinguish themselves from their Inferiors; and always claimed and enjoyed a Privilege to be intrusted otherwise than the Commons are; viz.

They are upon Honour, not Oath;

Are not challengeable;

Give their Verdict seriatim;

May have more than Twelve on a Tryal;

And have claimed a Liberty to eat or drink before their Verdict:

And. they used to value themselves upon these Things, as Dignities and Privileges.

Now the Commons; that are forbid to speak otherwise of the present Peers, than of their Ancestors, are to be excused, if they think no otherwise of them.

That the Commons observed, what their Lordships had alleged, concerning the Inconveniencies or Abuses that had been or might be in this Way of Tryal, was grounded upon undue Suppositions concerning the Peers, or upon Mistakes, and not warranted by Experience.

That they thought it a strange and foreign Supposition, That a great and guilty Minister, finding himself liable to an Impeachment next Session of Parliament, Should, by his Power, procure himself to b§ tried and acquitted by an Inquest of Persons on Purpose, by a Plea of Au-terfoits acquit, to prevent a second and true Examination of his Crimes; for he must be first indicted of his Treason; and then run a Hazard, whether his Power will be and continue sufficient to oblige so many Peers to acquit him by an untrue Verdict:

That there is no Example of this Kind: And, if such an unheard-of Proceeding Should ever happen, it is left to Consideration, Whether a Parliament would not vindicate the Kingdom against so gross and fraudulent a Contrivance:

That besides That, the Court, as it is to be ordered by this Clause, would be no less liable to such Abuse.

That their Lordships did not assign any sufficient Instances of Injustice in this Court: And perhaps this Court hath continued the most unblemished, in point of Justice, of any Court whatsoever.

That, in the few Tryals which have been there for Treason, there have been Two Acquittals; the Lord

7 T Dacres,

Confcrericet on Trials fot Treason.

Conferences on Trials for 'Treason*

626

13e Januarii. A. 1691.

Dacres, and Duke of Somerset, besides That of the Lord

Delamere.

That the Duke of Northumberland's Crime was notorious, he having been in open Rebellion against Queen Mary.

That, if the Earl of fiStlsh ire ha been forced to sit on

the Tryal of his Daughter Ann; it seems to shew

a great Fairness: And, if the Court had been constituted according to this Clause, he must have been summoned; and, if the Tryal had been in Parliament, he, as well as other Peers, had been obliged to come: But the Tradition about that Matter is rectified, by the Discovery made by a Reverend Prelate, in his History of th6 Reformation (a Book approved by their Lordships); where it is made appear, the Earl did not sit upon the Tryal of the Queeu.

But, that if all Power must be abolished, which is possible to be abused, there must be no Power left to the King, or Lords, or Commons: And perhaps there are not harder Cases to be found, than those wherein all Three have been concurred: Of which the Attainting Cromwell Earl of Essex, without suffering him to come from the Tower to be heard, is an Instance.

That, if any Inquisition may be made into what is pow doing, it were better to lay aside the Clause, that nobody may have any Dependance but upon the Safety of the ^present Government.

That the High Steward is made pro hac or after the Crime, is no singular Thing.

The Justices of Oyer and Terminer, and of Gaol Delivery, are generally made so twice a Year, or dftener; and Sheriffs are appointed in every Year, or oftener: And all hold their Places during the King's Pleasure.

And, notwithstanding this Clause, the High Steward is still to be appointed by the King, in the same Manner as before: And in all Treasons, but those mentioned, and in all Felonies, he continues to have the same Power of trying a Peer by an Inquest of Peers, summoned by his Precept as is now used: By which alone the Lives and Fortunes of Peers w ill remain exposed to as much Danger as they were, if any there were, before this Bill.

That the Commons acknowledge they have known, That when a Peer hath stood indicted, Sitting a Parliament, the Indictment has been, by the King’s Writ of Certiorari, removed into the House of Peers, there to be tried by all the Peers': But they do not know that of Necessity that must be done, or that such Peer may not be tried in the ordinary Court; and it would be highly inconvenient, in case of long Adjournments, if it might not so be.

But that it is no concluding Argument, That, because there is this extraordinary way of Tryal by all the Peers, therefore the Ordinary by a Number of Peers Should be taken away; no more than that, because there is such an Ordinary therefore the Extraordinary Should be taken away.

That there is also another way of Tryal, which, in Capital Offences, concerns the Peers too; that is, by a Jury of Freeholders, which their Lordships in this Debate did commend, because those Freeholders were of the Vicinage, and the Prisoner might challenge Thirty-five without Cause, and any of the rest of the Panel for Cause: And by this the Peers, as well as Commons, are to be tried, in a.n Appeal of Murder, Rape, or other Felony: But it is supposed their Lordships will not allow it a good Argument, that therefore they Should be ordered to be tried so in Treason, and Indictments of Felony: But they hold it a Privilege to be tri.ed, in such Case, by their Peers, in the Manner now used.

But that the Method of Tryal, appointed by this Clause, is worse than any of those now in being: And it has nothing of the Nature or Virtue of a Tryal in Parliament: For the Lords House hath Power to send for, and cause all Peers to come, as they did upon the Tryal of the late Lord Stafford: But, to this intended Court, none are to come but such as voluntarily will: Nor is it required, that there Should be Twelve, or any certain Number:

If but Two or Three appear it is enough: Aud probably none will come but the Accomplices and Abettors, and Favourites, Friends and Relations of the Party: Nor is it possible to bring together all the Peers there, as in Parliament: For, in Parliament, the House of Peers may appoint or adjourn the Proceedings at or to any Time or Times, and as often as they think fit, till the House be full: But the Proceedings of this Court before the High Steward is the Work but of One Day.

That, in the last Place, the Commons replied,’ That they did not find Reason to pass this Clause, from what was so much pressed by their Lordships; viz. That the Clause did provide for such Defence for the Peers, as would encourage them to venture to join boldly with the Commons in asserting the publick Liberties:

For the Commons do not find, that, by the present Constitution, the Lives and Fortunes of innocent Peers are, as there Lordships intimated, exposed to the Will of a great and malicious Minister: And, if they were, they do not see that they would be protected by this Provision, since it extends but to some Treasons, and to no Felonies: And they may say, it does not deserve the Name of Adventure, for their Lordships to act only upon Terms of perfect Safety.

And, that on the other hand, the Commons apprehend it would afford too great a Prospect of Safety to guilty Peers; and might embolden them to attempt against the Crown, or the publick Liberties.

That the Commons acknowledge, That these arc good Times; and, if they are unquiet or unsafe, it is in relation to the Crown, and not to the Peers; The Peerage is in no Danger; the Peers have Power enough; and the Crown hath not too much, non ought to be rendered less safe.

That therefore, the Commons would insist upon the old Ways; keep the Balance of the Government as they found it; and not change the Laws of which

have been hitherto used and approved.

Which Report the House took into Consideration. And afterwards Clause A was read: And several

Amendments were proposed to be made therein; which, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

Line 2, after " any," insert " Temporal."

Line 4, after "that," leave out "all;" and, instead thereof, insert " not less than Thirty-six of."

Line 4, after " the," insert " Temporal.’’

Line 7, after " the Second Tryal," insert " upon the Pain of Forfeiture of One thousand Pounds for every such Peer’s not appearing, after due Proof made of such Summons, and no reasonable Excuse shewed and allowed by the Court for such his Default."

Line 8, after " that," leave out, tf every Peer so summoned, and appearing on such Trial;" and, instead thereof, insert " at least Twenty-three of the Peers so summoned, and not under that Number."

Line 12, after " Year," leave out " King JJ'llliam and Queen Mary;" and instead thereof, insert "their Majesties Reign."

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said Clause, so amended.

Ordered, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Mountagae do, Tomorrow Morning, go to the Lords; and desire the said free Conference.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Committees.

Moor’s

Estate.

Smith’s

Estate.

Earl of

AVulgnive's

Estate.

0 ripps* Estate.

Breeding

Cattle.

Burton’s

Estate

Aulnagtt

Eutv.

3 W. M. 140 Janua 7

Jovis, 14* die Januarii; ' ' 3* Gulielmi et Manse.

Prayers.

MR. Smith reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Francis Floor, Esquire, to sell the Manor of Bay-house, and Lands in West Thorock, in the County of Essex, and to purchase and settle other Lands, in lieu thereof, was committed. That they had considered the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell the Estate of Edward Smith, Esquire, deceased, to raise Money for the Payment of his Debts, and to make Provision for his Children, who are Infants, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Christie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of the Right honourable James Lord Walgrave to make Leases, and grant Copyhold Estates, for the Payment of the Arrears of Annuities of Henry Lord Walgrave his Father, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title agreed

to.

Ordered, That Sir Jos. Tredenham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the Sale of the Estate of John Gen-

tleman, in the County of Kent, and settling another Estate, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Dorrellreports from the Committee to whom

the Bill for tire Encouragement of Breeding and Fatting of Cattle, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better enabling Sir Tho. Burton, Baronet, to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill d.o pass: And the Title agreed

to.

Ordered, That Mr. Carter do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Sir Rob. Dovers, according to the Order of the Day, reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same, was re-committed, That they had heard the Counsel for theDuchessof Richmond and her Farmers; and were of Opinion, That the Duties mentioned in the Bill are a full and sufficient Recompence to the Duchess «f Richmond: And that they had also considered and Vol, X.

settled the Clause A, which was recommitted to the said Committee: Aqd then delivered the Bill with -the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; arid then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some other Amendments, made in the Chair, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Hoskyns;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Fountain's An Act for divesting the Manors and Lordships of Bush- tgtate-wood and Lapworth, and several other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Warwick, out of Andrew Fountaine, Esquire; and vesting the same

in Trustees, for raising and paying a Debt due upon Mortgage thereof, taken in the Name of the said Andrew Fountaine: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also, a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Henry oid-street Halsted to make a Lease for the Improvement of his Prebend. Prebend of Old-street, in the Church of St Paul in London: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also, a Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Duke of of Main hard Duke of Lempstei': To which they desire temps teri

the Concurrence of this House. Nat'

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Davile’a Act to enable Wnu Davile to sell some Lands for Pay- Estate, ment of his Debts, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Mountague acquaints the House, that he having, Conference according to the Order of Yesterday, been to desire a onTryals for free Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter Treason* of the last free Conference; the Lords do agree to the same, in the Painted Chamber, immediately.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last free Conference, do manage this free Conference.

And the Managers went to the free Conference accordingly:

And being returned;

Mr. Mountague reports from the free Conference, That the Managers had attended the same; and had acquainted the Lords with the Amendments made by this House to the Clause A, added by their Lordships to the Bill for Regulating of Tryals in Cases of Treasons; and had delivered the Bill, with the Clause and Amendments, to their Lordships.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Call of the was called over: And such as made Default to appear, House, their Names were noted down.

And afterwards, the Defaulters were called over a Second time; and several of them excused.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Sir Scroope How be excused;

It passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Sir Scroope How have a Fortnight’s time to attend the Service of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Scroope How have time till Monday Sevennight, to attend the Service of the House.

Ordered, That the House be called over again, upon Satui'day next come Sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. Vane have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Campion have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered,

Leave of Abseuce*

Punishing ‘Mutiny and Desertion.

Bankrupts.

Earl of Salisbury *8 Estate.

Malicious

Informations,

Molineux’s Estate. 1

Ditto.

628

14° — 150 Jamarii. A. 1691.

Ordered, That Mr. Harris have Leave to go into the Portions to his younger Brother and Sisters, pursuant to Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. a Decree in Chancery, ’ is committed.]

Ordered, That Sir IVm. Thomas have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir John Broxvnlow have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for paying the Army, according to the Musters of effective Men; and for the better Paying of Quarters; and likewise for preventing false Musters, and punishing Mutineers and Deserters; be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Osborne, Sir Ro Sir

Jennings, Sir John Key, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Relief of Creditors, and more equal Distribution of Bankrupts Estates, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir John Moreton, Mr. Weld, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better securing the Portions, Debts, and Legacies, given and owing by James late Earl' of Salisbury, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Haw try, Mr. Morgan, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Preventing of malicious Informations in the King's Bench, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 15* die Jannarii; 3* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

A Bill for the Sal* of the Estate of John Cripps, Gen- Cripps' tleman, in the County of Kent, and settling another Esttttf* Estate of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brewer,

Mr. Bridger, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Sir

Bloys, SirWm. Honeywood, Colonel Zee, Sir Mr. Cooke, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Ramsden, Mr.

Freeman, Mr. Henley, Sir Rob. Dovers, Mr. Waller, Mr. England, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Christie, Mr. Sherrard, Sir

Rob. Henley, Mr. Preston, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Hare try,

Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Fuller, Sir Tho. Roberts,

Mr. Ryder, Sir Tho.Darcy: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Eour of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Curtis' for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Estate. Curtis, Widow, late deceased; and Performance of an Agreement touching the same, made between Cha. Curtis, in his Life-time, and Edward Erie, according to a Decree in the High Court of Chancery; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

staffe, Mr. Parkhurst, Sir Rob. DSir Whitlock,

Sir Walter Young, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr.

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Dyott, Sir John Knight, Mr. Cary, Mr. Price, Mr. Christie, Mr. Berkley,

Mr. Waller, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Clarke, Serjeant Tremaine,

Mr. Cooke, Lord Wm. Parclett, Sir John Sir Rob.

Cotton, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Beddingfeild, MCarter, Mr.

Tredenham, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Ihrwtry, Mr

Mr. Goldwell, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Mr.

Speke, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Edrc. Philipps, Mr. and

all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon and Somerset And they are to.meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A BILL to vest certain Lands of Wm. Molineux,

Gentleman, in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Two A Petition of Sir Richard Bulkly, Baronet, was read; Earl of thousand Pounds for paying Portions to his younger setting forth, That Sir Geo. deceased, by his Salisbui/s

Brother and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in Chancery, Will, devised the Ten thousand Pounds, that was tq.be LsUUe*

was read a Second time. paid as the Lady Catherine's Portion, to his Son, among

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harcourt, his Daughters; viz. Four thousand Pounds to Lucy the Mr. Hedger, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Shack- Petitioner’^ Wife, and Two thousand Pounds apiece to crly, Mr. Christie, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Goldwell, Sir his other Daughters; but that, of the Ten thousand IVm. Lemon, Mr. Clarke, Sir Rob. Henley, Mr. England, Pounds, there has not been paid as yet but Four thousand Mr. Biddolph, Sir Jerv.Elrces, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Jen-Six hundred Fifty Pounds; and thereby there is a con-nings, Mr. Hazctry, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Waller, siderable Sum due for Interest, as well as Principal: And Sir Walter Young, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises,

John Key, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Burdett, before the Bill does pass for the Payment of the Earl of Mr. Henley, Sir Cha.Bloys, Mr. Kendall; and all the Salisburye's Debts and Legacies.

‘Members that serve for the Counties of Lancashire and Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Cheshire: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon at Four be referred to the Committee to whom the ingrossed of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better

securing the Portions, Debts, and Legacies, given and

A Petition of Reginald, George, and Eliz. Molineux, owing by James late Earl of Salisbury, is committed: was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Father And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the settled his Estate upon Trustees to pay his Debts; Re- Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And that Mr. Cook mainder to his Son Wm. and his Heirs in Tail Male; Re- and Mr. Christie be added to the said Committee, mainder to his other Sons for thdlike Estate; Remainder

to the Petitioner Eliz.and her Sisters: And that the Ordered, That the Dean of St. Poufs be desired to Dean of Petitioner’s Father dying, his eldest Son took Possession preach before this House at St IV? St. Paul’s t<r

of the Estate, and obtained a Decree for Payment of the upon the Thirtieth Day of January instant: And that Pre'jcl* oa Debts, and died: And the said Wm. is gotten into the Mr. Mr. Biddolph, and Mr. Arnold, do acquaint 30 Jiin*

Possession thereof: but refuses to raise the Petitioners him therewith.

Portions, or to allow 'them any Subsistence; but is endeavouring to get an Act to sell the said Estate much to Then the House took into Consideration the Amend- iony the Prejudice of the Petitioners, the Remainder-Men: And ments, made by the Lords, to the Bill for the better \viu. praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises. enabling the Trustees and Executors of Richard Campion,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition . deceased, to perform his Will, be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill to vest And the same were read; and are as follow:

certain Lands of Win.Molineux, Gentleman, in Trustees, Press 3. Line 25, after "Enacted," insert " by 'rind

for raising the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, for paying with the King and Queen’s most Excellent Majesties."

Press

Da\ lie’s Lstute.

Reducing

Interest*

Leave of Absence.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

3 W. & M.

Press 3. Line 3, for " implied," read " employed."

And the said Amendments, being read a Second time one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Christie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Then the House took into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill to enable Davilc to sell some Lands, for Payment of his Debts.

And the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 1. Line 10, for " Manb read " Mawbry."

Line 13, the same.

Pi ess 2. Line 29, the same.

Press 4. Line 29, after " Survivors," add " Survivor."

And the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Christie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Sir Eduard Hussey, according to the Order of the Day, reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for lessening the Interest of Money was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some other Amendments made in the Chair, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Mhave Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Anchitell Gray have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill for the punishing of Mutineers and Deserters, preventing false Musters, and paying the Army according to the Musters of effective Men, and for the better Paying of Quarters, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, in Press last, Line #, by leaving out "Twentieth ;" and

inserting " Tenth January;" and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill; For the Officers to pay to the respective Alehouses and Innkeepers, and others upon whom any Soldiers shall be quartered in the Town of Hull, Eight-pence per Week for Lodging, Small Beer, Fire, Candle, and dressing Victuals of each Soldier; and that the Barracks belonging to that Garison, shall, from time to time, be filled with such a proportionable Number of Soldiers, as the Governor, Lieutenant, or Commander in Chief, shall judge convenient; so as that One-half of the Soldiers shall always be received in those Barracks.

And was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Punishing of Mutineers and Deserters, preventing false Musters, and paying the Army according to the Musters of effective Men, and for the better Paying of Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto. Vol. X.

629

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Registering ing at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Seamen, the whole Flouse, to consider of the Bill for the more speedy and effectual furnishing their Majesties Navy and Merchants Ships with Seamen.

Ordered, That Sir Bryan Stapleton have Leave to go Reave of into the Country for'Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. . Occasions.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Ways and resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had considered of the Petition of the Merchants, and others, that serve the Navy with Stores,

£$c. and also of the Petition of divers Artificers and Tradesmen serving their Majesties Office of Ordnance (the Consideration whereof were referred to the said Committee); and had come to a Resolution, in relation thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That towards the making good the Sums of Money intended to be given by an Act in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their > Majesties several additional Duties of Excise upon Beer,

Ale, and other Liquors, for Four Years, from the time that an Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer,

Ale, and other Liquors, during the Space of One Year, doth expire, the additional Duties of Excise, granted by the said Act, be continued until the Seventeenth Day of May 1697, for the Uses in the said Act mentioned.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the making good the Sums of Money intended to be given by an Act in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled,

An Act for granting to their Majesties several additional Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for Four Years, from the time that an Act for doubling the Duties of Excise upon Beer, 8$c. during the Space of One Year, doth expire, the additional Duties of Excise, granted by the said Act, be continued until the Seventeenth Day of May 1697, for the Uses in the said Act mentioned.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquaints the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Dover whole House, to whom the Bill for the Repair of Dover Harbour. Harbour, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning after Eleven of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskyns and Newton.a Sir Robert Regard; Estate.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled,

An Act for settling the Manor and Lordship of King's Bromly, and other the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Barbara Newton, Widow, Relict of Sam. Naoton, late of the Island of in America,

Esquire, deceased, and John Newton, Esquire, Son and Heir of the said Samuell by the said Barbara: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

7 U Also

tS° Janua

- by

Causes in Chancery.

Leave of Absence.

630 15* — 16* — 18° Januarii.

Also the Lords do put this House in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating Hearings upon Bills of Review in Chancery, and other Courts of Equity.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read upon Monday Morning, after Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That Sir John Ma have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

1691*

same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were agreed to, and others disagreed to, by the House.

And the Question being proposed, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put:

And it passed in the Negative.

Clandestine Ordered, That Sir Rob. Edon, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Mortgages. John Key, Mr. Hutchinson, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better preventing of clandestine Mortgages, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 16* die Januarii;

3*Culielmi et Marias.

Praters.

Hertford "DE SOLVED, That this House will, upon Tuesday

Roads. * Morning next, at Nine a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for reviving a former Law for Repair of Highways in the County of Hertford.

Malicious Mr. Waller reports from the Committee to whom the Informations. Bill for preventing malicious Informations in the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: Whereupon, and upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were agreed, and others disagreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir John Fotcellhave Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occa- Absence.

sions.

Ordered, That Mr. Stawell have Leave to go into the Country, his Mother being ill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Supply Bill; vest the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to Irish be applied to the Uses of the War. Forfeitures.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Supply Bill; vesting the forfeited Estates in England in their Majesties, English to be applied to the Uses of the War. Forfeitures.

And it is referred to Sir Walter Young, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Clarke, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Rich. Reynell, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Leving, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the said Bills.

Ordered, That the Bill for establishing an East India East India Company, be read on Tuesday Morning next Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Month, his Wife being ill. Absence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Dover whole House, to whom the Bill for Repair of Dover Har- Harbour, bour was committed, be made upon Tuesday Morning^ after Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Registering Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Seamen, mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the more speedy and effectual furnishing their Majesties Navy and Merchant Ships with Seamen.

Fraudulent Mr. Fhnmck reports from the Committee to whom the Devises. Bill for Relief of Creditors against fraudulent Devises, was

committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he delivered in at the Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

East India Sir Christopher Musgrave, according to Order, presents Company, to the House a Bill for the Establishment of an East India Company. And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Tuesday Morning next.

Breeding of A Bill for the Encouragement of the Breeding and Cattle. Feeding of Cattle, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement of the Breeding and Feeding erf Cattle.

Ordered, That Sir John Dorrell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Hawkers and Mr. Onslow reports from the Committee to whom the Pedlars. Bill for the Suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the Houses And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

23

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Leave of That Mr. Mitton have Leave to go into the Country; Abaence. It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Militia, raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-two..... . be revived; and do sit on Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 18° die Januarii;

3* Gulielmi et Mari®.

Praters.

AP ET IT I ON of Charles Lehardy was read; setting clandestwe forth, That the Petitioner finding a Committee ap- trading to pointed to examine and consider of the Petition of Edward France. Tilford, Mariner, complaining of divers Persons trading to France, contrary to Law: And praying to be beard, as to the same Affairs.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Consideration of Edward Txfords Petition is referred.

A Petition of RodeneyKelson was read; setting forth, . r

That by a Bill brought down from the Lords, for the Sale of some Lands in the County of to pay

the Debts of Elix. Curtis, Widow, deceased, the Petitioner is like to be much injured thereby, as to his

Right

Earl oi'

Salisbury's

Estate,

Moore’s

Estate,

Militia.

Gunpowder near the Tower.

Amending

Highways.

3 W. <£f M. 18® Jamarii. 631

Bight to some Part of the said Labels; upon Part whereof he hath long since entered, in the Name of the Whole, to try his Title: And praying he may be beard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same doth pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to die Committee to whom the Bill, intituled, An Act for the ’mote speedy Payment of the Debts of Eliz. Curtis, Widow, lately deceased, and Performance of an Agreement touching the same made between Cha. Curtis in his Life-time, and Edy , according to a Decree in the High Court of Chancery....

Mr. Dolben repprts from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Portions, Debts, and Legacies, given and owing by James late Earl of Salisbury, was committed, and to whom the Consideration of the Petition of Sir Richard Bulkly, Baronet, was referred, That

they had considered the Matters to them referred; and conceived the Petition was needless; and had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; being Press 29, Line 8, after " said," leave out " James."

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Francis Moore, Esquire, to sell the Manor of Bay House, and Lands in West Thorock, in the County of Essex, and to purchase and settle other Lands, in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Sir John Guise reports from the Committee to whom the Bill fur the raising the Militia for the Year 1692, although the Month’s Pay formerly advanced be not repaid, was committed. That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, jvith the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Wapping and Tower Hamlets was read; setting forth, That of late, divers Storehouses, wherein are constantly kept great Quantities of Powder, have been erected within the Hamlets, and not far from the Tower of London, for the use of private Persons dealing in Powder; among which, Should any one blow up (being so near each other), would occasion the Blowing-up of the rest; and thereby not only endanger the said Tower, but many Hundreds of Houses, besides the Death of many hundred People: And praying, That, for the Prevention of such Dangers, as may arise from the Continuance of such Powder-houses, where they are erected, a Clause may be inserted in any Bill for their Security, as to the House Should seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing Gunpowder from being kept in Storehouses near the Tower of London: And that Colonel Goldwell do prepare and bring in the same.

Mr. Botvyer reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for the Repair and Mending of the Highways, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Co-

Vo l. X.

herenoe; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of the Amendments weje agreed to, and others disagreed unto, by the House.

Aqd a Debate arising upon some of the said Amendments;

Ordered That the further Debate upon the said Amendments be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Mitton have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Cooke have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for Recovery of his* Health.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquaints the House, That his Majesty had been attended with the Address, That a convenient Place might be provided for the Commons of Parliament to sit in: And that his Majesty was pleased to say, That he doubted it would be difficult to find a convenient Place on a sudden; but that he had ordered the Surveyor and Comptroller of his Works to wait upon such Members of this House, as this House Should appoint, to see whether this Building be substantial at present: And that, as soon as he had a Report from them, he would give such Direction as Should be necessary.

Ordered, That the Surveyor and Comptroller of his Majesty’s Works, Major Vincent, Sir Ja. Rushout, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Roberts, Mr. M Dr. Barbon, or any Three of them, do view the Building of this House, pursuant to his Majesty’s Directions; and report their Opinions therein.

Mr. Foley reports from the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for raising a Sum of Money towards the carrying on the War against France, upon a Fund of perpetual Interest, That there appeared several Persons-concerned in the Bankers Debts: Who said, they had Short Notice, that they were to make any Proposals to the Committee: Some of them present, and others, as they believed, would be willing to make Proposals: But they were not then ready to do so. At their desire the Committee gave them Time till the next Day: When they appeared again, and then brought a Proposal in these Words; viz.

" Whereas there is due to the Bankers, and their Assigns, and others, the principal Sum of Thirteen hundred and Forty odd thousands Pounds, out of the hereditary Revenue of the Excise, with an Arrear of Eight Years and Three-quarters Interest, at Six Pounds per Cent, at Christmas last."

" Now we, whose Names are hereunder written, who claim several Shares in the said Principal and Interest, do humbly propose, for ourselves, according to our respective Shares, That we will discharge all our Arrears of Interest; and advance a Sum equal to our Principal; provided that a perpetual yearly Interest of Six Pounds per Cent, for our former and new-advanced Principal Money may be established by Act of Parliament, with such Clauses and Penalties as shall be requisite for the due Payment thereof."

That this was subscribed by Six or Seven Gentlemen, whose Principal Money came to Twenty-nine thousand Three hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds.

That the same Day, several Gentlemen, Members of tins House, being at the Committee, declared their Willingness to accept the same Proposals; whose Principal came to about Five thousand Four hundred Pounds.

That those concerned with Bankers, said, They did believe, in a Short time, they could get most of the People concerned to subscribe in like manner.

Upon which the Committee gave them time till Saturday: When they brought Six Papers, each containing

the

Leave of Absence.

Answer to Address.

Proposals for raising Money by Loan.

6 7,2 i 8° Januarii. A. 1691.

the same Proposal subscribed by several Persons: Which amounted to Principal Money Thirty-nine thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five Pounds.

At which time another Member of the House declared himself willing to accept the same Proposal, as to Part of his Debt, which was Five thousand Pounds Principal Money; but not as to the whole Debt, he not having taken out any Assignment from the Bankers concerned for Part of his Debt; nor was willing the reunto, unless he might have what Interest the Bankers had upon his Patent applied towards making of it good.

That those who appeared alleged for Reason, Why they could not bring it to any higher Sum, was, the Shortness of Time; that they could not speak with many Persons concerned: They said, None whom they had spoken with, who were Creditors of the Bankers, and had taken out their Assignments, did refuse; but there were Multitudes not yet spoken with: But the Bankers themselves, and those who had not taken out their Assignments, chiefly insisted, That they might prejudice themselves by any such Proposal, as to the Judgment they expected to have in the Exchequer for their Debt.

That some Members at the Committee insisted upon having the Interest of the Debt made Principal; and that, they said, would make all subscribe.

That, when the Committee first met, a Paper was brought; which proposed, That, on settling a yearly Relit of Sixty-five thousand Pounds, Should be advanced One million; and Sixty thousand Pounds thereof to be for Interest, and Fire thousand Pounds to Trustees, for Management, so as the Subscribers may be the Trustees; and that their Bills of Property Should be current: In which Case they offer to advance Two hundred thousand Pounds to be ready as a Bank to exchange such current Bills as Should be brought to be exchanged, the better to give Credit thereunto, and make the said Bills the better to circulate; and so as there be allowed Five Pounds per Cent, for the said Two hundred thousand Pounds for the First Year only, and aTally to the said Trustees to pay themselves for the same.

And that the Committee were of Opinion, not to receive any Proposal which required the making the Bills of Property current, so as to force them on Payment on any without their Consent; but acquainted Mr. Paterson, who had made this Proposal, That they would receive any Proposal for advancing One million upon a perpetual Fund of Interest, to be in the Nature of a Purchase; where they might assign their Interest, as they please, to any who consented thereunto.

That Mr. Paterson then said, He believed the Gentlemen would come up to and not insist upon having the Bill made current: But, the next Day, he said, on Dis-- course with the Gentlemen concerned, They would not further proceed; but he believed, that himself, and some others, might come up to advance Five hundred thousand Pounds, in this manner, Two hundred thousand Pounds. . which would be ready in a few Days; and, he believed, some others would come in to make it up Five hundred thousand Pounds.

That, on Saturday,. . appeared again; and then said,' About Eighteen or Twenty Gentlemen had appointed a Meeting on Tuesday next, to consider of this Matter, and would be ready on Wednesday next to make an Answer; but that nothing certain was proposed to the Committee, on which they could rely.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report

be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their-Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites of all Offices under the Crown, except Five hundred Pounds per Annum to be allowed to such respective Officers (except the Salaries to the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Judges,

Foreign Ministers, and the Commission Officers serving in the Fleet and Army) for the said Offices; and also all Pensions granted by the Crown (except Pensions paid to the Queen Dowager and the Princess Anne of Denmark, and such other Pensions as shall be excepted by this House); be applied towards the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supplies for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, a Tax, by a Quarterly Poll, for One Year, be granted to their Majesties.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Salaries, Fees and Perquisites of all Offices under the Crown, except Five hundred Poufids per Annum to be allowed to such respective Officers (except the Salaries to the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Judges, Foreign Ministers, and the Commission Officers serving in the Fleet and Army) for the said Offices; and also all Pensions granted by the Crown (except Pensions paid to the Queen Dowager, and the Princess Anne of Denmark, and such other Pensions as shall be excepted by this House; be applied towards the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supplies for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, a Tax, by a quarterly Poll, for One Year, be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Solicitor General also acquaints the House, That the Committee had directed him to move the House,

That they might have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning London next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Orphans, of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for satisfying the Debt due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for transferring the Aulnage Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, Duty, and giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same, be read upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven of the

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Ways and Means.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the said Supplies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

1

Hertford

lto«uis.

C’ripps*

Instate.

Farl of

Wiiirlielsea’s

Estate.

Debtors

Belief.

French

Protestants.

Selling,) aiuls in Liiu'oli.e,&c.

3 W. &M. xp° Jama633

Martis, 19« die Januarii;

and preventing the Abuses therein, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

3* Gulielmi et Marine.

Prayers.

30 ESOLVED, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Nine a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for reviving a former Law, for Repair of Highways in the County of Hertford.

Mr. Brewer reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for the Sale of the Estate of John Gentle-

man, in the County of Kent, and settling another Estate, of greater Value, m lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the saxne were once read throughout; and then a Second time, oue by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the enabling the Right honourable Charles Earl of U inchelsea to settle a Jointure upon any Wife he shall marry, during his Minority, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Christie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Bill, without any Amendments.

A Bill for supplying the Defects in a late Act, for Relief of poor Prisoners, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of many French Protestants was read; setting forth, That they, being forced from their native Country, and being incapable of Labour, and in very great Streights and Necessities, and having at other times sufficiently experienced the great Charity of the English, are emboldened to pray the House to take their Case into Consideration, and-toYlo for them as they shall think convenient.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report the same, with their Opidions thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bascawen, Sir Tho. Darcye, Sir Jcrvas Etwes, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Chadwick, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir John Dorrcll, Mr. Christie, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Hawt-ry, Mr. Waller, Sir John Wynn, Mr.

Air. Piggott, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Mr.

Clerke, Colonel Perry, Mr. Slater, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. England, Mr. Rowyer, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Kendall, Sir Tho. Haslerigg, Sir Thom. Remardiston, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Freke, Sir Rob. Cotton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Cook and Sir James Astry;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the vesting several Manors, Lands, and Rents, in the Counties of LinRei'ks, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, for the buying other Manors and Lands, to be settled for the same, or the like Uses, as those to be sold are now settled: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed additional Billfor the appointing and en- Commis-abling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the pub- sinners of lick Accompts of the Kingdom, was read the Third time. Accompts.

And a Blank being left in the Oath in the Bill, for the Title of the Bill, it was filled up with the said Title.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An additional Act for the appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick Accompts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Trencharddo carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will/ upon Thursday Afom- Exporting ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Bullion, of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for preventing the Exportation of BuHiou, and encourage the Importation thereof, and converting the same into the Coin of this Realm.

Ordered, That Mr. Possessen have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Alonth, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That the publick Accompts, and Observa- pub|iclc tiens thereupon, be taken into further Consideration upon Accompts. Monday Alorning next.

A Petition of Tho. Greenhill was read; setting forth, Bankrupts. That Five thousand One hundred Thirty-five Pounds Four Shillings and Seven-pence, which was decreed to be paid to the Petitioner by Sir Tho. Chambers, and others, about Twenty Years since, was ordered to be brought into the Court of Chancery; and, by like Order, put into the Hands of Sir Robert Vyner for the Safety thereof; who

five a Judgment for the Security thereof to the then laster of the Rolls; in whose Name the Petitioner extended Sir Robert's Estate, and is in Possession thereof:

But that, by a Bill brought into this House, for compelling Creditors to accept of such Agreements as the major Part of the Creditors of such Bankrupts shall agree to, the Petitioner is like to be compelled to such Compositions; whereby he will be defeated of that Money that was placed in Sir Robert’s Hands only in Trust, and without any Act of the Petitioner’s: And praying to be heard by his Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the speedy Recovery, and mpre equal Distribution, of Bankrupts Estates, is committed.

Ordered, That the Bill for establishing an East India East India Company be read upon Thursday Alorning next. Company.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, w Md resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, far the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Alatter to them referred; and that he was directed by the said

7 . j

Committee to move the House, That the Committee may have Leave to sit again

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cons:der further of Ways and Aleans for the raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Supply BJI; ] iui v n Low \\ lutS.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better ordering and collecting the Duty upon Low Wines and Strong M aters, Vol. X.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Amending at Ten a Clock, proceed further in taking into Consi- Highways. A' 7 X deration

Committees.

Mo1ineux*s

Estate.

Hudson’sBay

Company.

Gunpowder *var the Tower.

Supply Bill; Dut»t*s on Low \Vin*s.

(J34

deration the Amendments made to the Bill for the Repairing and Amending of Highways.

s

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 20* die Januarii;

1691.

yer, Sir Tho. Darcyc, Sir Edw Seymour, Captain Pitt, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Hobby, Sir Jon. Jennings, Mr.

Henley, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Dv, Mr. Waller, Mr. Burridge, Sir John Dowell, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Colt, Mr. Arnold, Colonel Titus, Mr.. Fuller, Mr. Mr.

Henley, Mr. Christie, Mr. England, Sir Sam.

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Hopk'ms, Sir Richard Hart, Mr. Howard, Sir Steven Evans, 'Air. Air. Holt,

Air. Hutchinson: And they are meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

19® — 20® Januarii.

3° Gulielmi et Alarire.

t

Prayers.

MR. Harcourt reports from the Committee to whom thd Bill to vest certain Lands of Wm.

Gentleman, in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, for paying the Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in Chancery, was committed; and to whom the Consideration of the Petition of Reginald Molineux, and others, was referred; That they had considered the Matters to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company of Feltmakers, London, was read; setting forth, That, by the Act for the incorporating the Hudsons Bay Company, it is provided, That the Company shall make, at least, Two publick Sales of Coat Beaver every Year: and that, in the intervals, the Company shall not sell the Beaver by private Contracts, at any lower Price than it was set up at the last publick Sale: But that, since the passing the Act, the Company have made but one publick Sale, and a private Sale soon after at a cheaper Rate, on purpose to keep up the Price at a publick Sale; and thereby, and by other Practices, have eluded the -said Act; and which will, if not timely prevented, ruin the Petitioners Trade throughout the Kingdom; and, in all Probability, will carry the Petitioners Trade into Foreign Parts: And that the Exportation of Coney Wool, and Hares Wool, unmanufactured, is a great Damage to this Kingdom: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the more effectual putting in Execution the said Act.

Resolved, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Arnold, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Bouyer, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Colt, Sir Darcy, Sir Tho. Fenton, Mr. Goldwell, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Cooke, Mr.-Bickerstaffe, Mr. Christie, Mr. Bedding-j'eild, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Clerke, Sir Rob. Henley, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Thornhaugli, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. England: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air. Goldwell, according to Order, presented to the.

House a Bill for preventing Gunpowder from being kept in Storehouses near the Tower of London. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better ordering and collecting the Duties upon Low Wines, and Strong Waters, and preventing the Abuses therein, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Air. Onslow, Mr. Lloyd, Air,

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Amending proceeded in the adjourned Debate, upon the Considera- Highways, tien of the Amendments made to the Bill for Repairing v and Amending of Highways: And the rest of the said Amendments, with some other Amendments made in the Chair, were agreed unto by the House.

An Amendment w as proposed, by leaving out a Clause relating to Carriers Rates, and adding a new Clause, proposed to the House, instead thereof: Which, upon the Question put thereupon, and twice Reading, the said new Clause was agreed unto by the House.

Also another Amendment was proposed, by leaving out a Clause touching digging Gravel or Stones, and adding a Clause for making Causeways Three Foot wide: Which, upon the Question put thereupon, and twice reading; the said new Clause was agreed unto by the House.

Also another Amendment was proposed, by adding a Clause for the paving the Town of Kinsing ton: Which was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Also another Amendment was proposed, by adding a Clause, That where any Straw is laid in the Highways for Alaintenance of Corn Ground, the Person laying the same to have the Benefit thereof, repairing the Way where the same did He:

And the same being once read;

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause,

That no Certiorari be allowed to remove any Presentments upon the said Act from the Sessions: And that Sir Edward Seymor do prepare and bring in the Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Dover whole House, to whom the Bill for the Repair of Dover Harbour. Harbour, was committed, be made Tomorrow Aloming at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Lord Digby have Leave to go into Leate of the Country for a Alonth, for the Recovery of his Health. Absence

An ingrossed Bill for the transferring the Collection of Aulnage the Duties of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and for Dutygiving a Recompence to the Crown for the same, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the transferring the Collection of the Duties of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and for giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Dovers do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Lordships Concurrence thereunto.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Cook and Sir James Astry;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Vemnn’s An Act for the better assuring to Geo. and his Estate.

Heirs and Assigns, Four Acres of Land in Ebshatn in the County of Surrey: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming the C-irabri,!^ Charters of the University of Cambridge,' and the Colleges and Halls therein: To which they desire the Concurrence ‘ of this House,

Also

tVirl of Wa I grave's Estate.

Registering

Seamen,

Wav? and Aleans.

Irish

Forfeitures.

Committees.

Chippenham

Llection.

Selling

Offices.

Albury* &c.

Lands

enfranchise-

ment.

3 W. £jf M.

20* — 21° Januafii.

635

Also the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees of the Right honourable James Lord to make Leases, and grant Copyhold Estates, for the Payment of the Arrears of Annuities of Henry Lord Wald"rave, his Father, deceased.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the more speedy and effectual furnishing their Majesties Navy, and Merchants Ships, with Seamen.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reports from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the said Bill; and had directed him to move the House, That the Committee might have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted their Majesties, lor the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Me. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, That they might have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to he granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against

it

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Cla Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Sam. Bernardiston, Mr. Harley, Sir Ben). Newland, Mr.

Bridges, Mr. Thornhaugh, be added to the Committee to -whom it is referred to receive Proposals for raising Monies for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and to inquire into the Disposal of forfeited Estates there.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Privileges and Elections do report the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Chippenham in the County of Wilts, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jervis, 21" die 3° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

ABIL L to prevent the Buying and Selling of Offices, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time in a full House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enfranchising several Copyhold Lands and Tenements held of the Manor of Alburyand North Alims in the ^.’ounty of Hertford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Christie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed Vqi.. X.

to the same, with some Amendments; To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pelham’s for securing, out of some of the Manors, Lands, Tene- Estate-ments, and Hereditaments of Charles Pelham, of in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, the Sum of Five thousand Pounds with Interest, and One thousand Pounds, unto Ann Pelham, eldest Daughter of the said Charles, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Chi’istie reports from the Committee to whom the Brewer*

Bill for disabling Brewers from being Maltsters, was not to be committed, That they had made several Amendments to Mallsters-the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; And which he read, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That a Brewer shall not be a Justice of Peace.

And the same was twice read; and, with some Amendments made by the House, agreed upon to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cook and Sir James Astry;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire a free Conference Lords drsirt with this House, this Morning at Twelve a Clock, in the aConierenc*. Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a free Conference with the Lords, as they do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and ao» quainted therewith.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Bloys have Leave to go into the i^ave of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.. Absent*.

An ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia of this King- iMUitia. dom for the Year 1692, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read die Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1692, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That Sir John Guise do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for Relief of Creditors against frau- Fraudulent dulent Devises, was read the Third time. Devues.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for Relief of Creditors against fraudulent Devises.

Ordered, That Mr. Fanoick do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for the encouraging the Making of Saltpetre, Making was read the Second time. Salt|>t«ue.

Resolved, That the Rill lie committed to Sir Thom.

Littleton, Mr. Christie, Mr. Bidd, Mr. Serjeant Trenchurd, Mr. Pollexfen, Mr. Whitehead, Mr.

Pollen, Sir St. Andr. St. John, Mr. Lord Commissioner Hutchins, Mr. Travers, Mr. Dore, Sir Fra.

Alassam, Sir Wm.Strickland, Mr. Sir

Sir Tho. Darcye, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Travers, Sir

Herne, Colonel Sackvitc, Sir Tho. , Sir Wm.

lock, Mr. Bic/cersta/fe, Mr. Pridcu.r,'Sir John Bulks, Mr.

Fenwick, Mr. Biiscaxeen, Mr. liar court, Mr.

Colonel Titus, Mr. Be Ice, Lord Bran, M r. CJuice, Mr.

Siobell, Mr, llautry, Mr. Hopkins,

Sir John Parsons, Sir lien. Goodrich, Sir Bands,

Sir Eduard Hussey, Mr. Price, Mr. A1 organ, Mr. Hayne,

Mr. //'estern, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Wheat, Mr. Johnson,

Lord

Making

Saltpetre.

Monpo-vil lion's Nat.

Conference on Trials ior Treason.

Hast India Company.

Duke of Grafton's JLitate.

P re filing of Cattle.

Alluiry, &c. 1 aiuK

«nfru.nchi.re-mem.

636

ai° — 22° Januarii.

A. 1691.

Lord Paxvict, Mr. Burrard, Mr. , Mr. Gold-

well, Mr. Tanner, Mr. Smith, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Trenchard,

Sir Gilbert Clerk, Sir John Carew, Mr. Champneys, Mr. Holt, Mr. Pooley, Mr. Carey, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Onslow, Sir Peter Colleton, Sir Math. Andrewes, Sir Price,

Mr. Whitley, Mr. Beddingfeild, Sir Jennings, Major Vincent, Sir Jos.Trcdenham, Mr. Ogle, Sir Prit-

chard, Mr. Harley, Sir Edward Seymor, Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. Perry, Mr. Parsons, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Jervas Elroes, Mr. Waller, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Norreis, Sir Tho. Middleton, Sir Tho. Travel!, Mr. Neale, Mr. Ash, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Dowdswell, Mr. Clerk, Sir Tho. Samuell, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Wm. York, Mr. Hobby, Sir Cha. Releigh: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Talbot Gierke, Esquire, and Wm. Terry, on behalf of themselves, and several others, concerned in the Making and Inventing of a new and easy Way of making Saltpetre in England, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners having, with much Cost and Trouble, found out the Way of making Saltpetere with English Materials, to a greater Perfection than any other Person; yet one Thomas Lechmore, and others, pretending the y have the Art of making Saltpetre, have obtained Leave, and brought in a Bill, for making thereof, exclusive to all other Persons; which will much prejudice the Petitioners, and discourage the Improvements of making Saltpetre, to the great Disadvantage of the Kingdom: And praying the y may be heard by their Counsel, before the Bill doth pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Encouraging the making Saltpetre in England, is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Naturalizing of the Marquis of Monpovillion.

Resolved, That the Managers that managed the last free Conference, do manage the free Conference this Day with the Lord§.

And the Managers went to the free Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Mountague reports, That the Managers had attended the same: And that the same was managed by the Lord Midgrave: Who told them, That the Lords have agreed to some of the Amendments, made by this House, to the Clause added by the Lords to the Bill for Regulating of Tryals, in Cases of Treason; viz.

To the adding the Word "Temporal;" and to the inserting " their Majesties," instead of " King William and Queen Mary

But that, as to the other Amendments made by this House, they do disagree; and do insist upon their, own Clause in the Points wherein they do disagree.

Resolved, That the Report of the said free Conference be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill for establishing an East India Company be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir James As try;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Pieces and Parcels of Ground in the Parishes of St. James's, and' St. Martin's in the Fields, late the Estate of Henry Duke of Grafton, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Breeding and Feeding of Cattle, without any Amendments.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enfranchising several Copyhold Lands and Tenements,

17

held of the Manor of Albury and North Mims in the County of Hertford.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Ways and resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means-consider furtheivof Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carry ing on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committtee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris,22° die Januarii;

3* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An B‘SWof Act to enable the Bishop of London, and Trus-

tees, to sell the Manor of Bushley in the County of Worcester, Part of the Bishoprick of London, and to purchase other Lands, to be annexed to the said Bishoprick for the Improvement thereof, was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the YeaJ*!r Jfm ?or?U- )

9 [air Jon. Jennings, J

Tellers for the Noes)|^,r ^/^ ^e’ }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

33-

30-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Halford's to vest divers Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the Estate. County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Wm. Halford Knight, deceased, and for the Payment of the other Debts of Sir Wm. Halford, now living, prior to his Marriage Settlement with the Lady Frances, his now Wife, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon the Bill R«yal for explaining a Proviso, touching Royal Alines, in the Mines. Stat. made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for Repeal of 5 H. IV. against multiplying Gold and Silver, be resumed; and the King's Counsel heard upon the said Bill, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Prideaux have Leave to go into I.eave of the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Ordered, That Air. Ramsden have Leave to go into the Country lor Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

t

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Apprehend-the Encouragement of the taking and, apprehending ,l'gh-Highwaymen: And that Air. Brewer do prepare and "K>n,cM-

bring in the same.

A Bill

Debtor*

Relief.

Leave of Absence.

East India Company.

Chippenham

Election.

3 W. & M.

22° Janua

6 37

A Bill for the supplying the Defects in a late Act of Parliament for Relief of poor Prisoners, was read a First time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir John Aubin have Leave to go

into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Then, according to the Order of the Day, the Bill for establishing an East India Company was read the First time.

And the Question being put, that the Bill be read a Second time.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

/Sir Fra. Drake, ’[Mr.

Tellers for the Noe JSir Mn Guke’

Mr. Gxvyn,

171. 116.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Tuesday Morning next.

# r

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, according to the Order o1 the Day, reports from the Committee of Privileges and

That she gave her Husband the Waistcoat; and told Chippenham him, upon what Account: That Mrs. JVebb shewed her k'lection* Three Letters sent to her, for to make an Interest for Sir Baz.;, and read them to her; but there was no Order for any Gifts in those Letters: And said, That she cannot read.

John Burges confirmed what his Wife said about the Waistcoat; and that, before, he designed to vote for Major General Talmash: That the Morning before the Election he went to the Bell; and there was Lord Scott, Stallier, Traunter, and Chappell; and that they told him, It would be the best Day’s Work he conld.do to vote for Sir Baz.: That Sir Baz. asked him, If his Man had offered him Five or Six Pounds for a Hogshead of Beer: That he did not draw the Beer upon Sir Bazill's,but General Talmash's Account; nor was prof-

fered any Money.

TVm. Bedford said, That one White asked Ambrose Thurman to vote for Major General Talmash; But he said hq could not; he had taken Sir Money:

That the said Thurman sells Drink.

Thomas Ladd said, That Sir Baz. and one Long, came to John Gales, Two Days before the Election; and that Long said, they wanted a Shoemaker of their Side; and, that if they had, they would provide for him as long as he lived, without Working.

Gtf/csaid, That Sir Baz. came to his House; and said, he was about buying Coasham; and said, If he would vote for him at that time, he would maintain him as

Elections, to w hom the Matter touching the Election long as he lived without Working.

for the Borough of Chippenham in the County of Wilts, was referred, the Case, as it appeared to the Committee: The which" he delivered in Writing, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of several Burgesses and Freemen of the Borough of Chippenham, complaining of an undue Return of Sir Firebrass, Knight, to

serve for the said Borough;

The Right of Election was agreed to be in the Pos-

Dobscm said, That he drew Drink for Sir at the first Election, for which there was Twelve Pounds Fifteen Shillings owing to him; and that, at this Election, Mr. Hind, Sir Bazill's Servant, came to him, and desired him to vote for Sir Baz. 5 and said, he would not pay him, unless he promised to do so: But would pay him if he voted for Sir- Baz.

That afterwards Mr. Ady, said, He would see him paid, if he would stand neuter.

That at the first Election, he voted for Sir Humphry

sessors of the Burgage-houses, inhabiting within the same. j; and, at this Election, for Major General Talmash.

The Numbers upon the Poll were thus

For Sir Baz. Firebrass - - 60.

For Major General Talmash - - 44.

Besides which, Three of Sir Bazil s Voters,

and Five of the Major General’s, were disallowed by the Bailiff*.

The Petitioners made several Objections to several of the Voters for the Sitting Member; that is to say,

That Seven did not live in Burgage Houses; and that Six others had received Bribes; and one menaced.

Thereupon some of those that were excepted to for not living in Burgage-houses were justified; and the Sitting-member offered to justify the rest: But the Petitioners w'aved that Objection, and insisted only on the Matter of Bribery.

And, upon this Head, the Petitioners called Thomas Ladd: Who testified, That John Gill told

Hen.Lawrence said, That Tho. Long, at the former Election, had offered him Ten Pounds Hogshead, for Ten Hogsheads, to vote for Sir Baz.; which were really worth but Three pounds per Hogshead.

Walter Delavall said, That, at the former Election, Mr. Stanhope came to his Shop; and offered him Five Pounds for a Barrel of Beer, on Sir Bazill's Account.

John Short said, That one Robyns came to him, and desired him to act for Sir B;" and said, lie had a Tub of Money; and would lend him Forty Pounds for two Years without Interest.

Walter Ladd said, That John Emmet told him, That his Landlord threatened to turn him out of his House, if he did not vote for Sir Baz.: That he did vote for Sir Bazill at the former Election.

For the Sitting Member,

The Counsel insisted. That this Evidence-Should not

him, That he had Twenty Shillings to vote for Sir: affect Sir but only the particular Voters: And called

Baz. Firebrass: But did not say, w ho gave it him. Thomas Chappell: Who said, That an Hour before

John Edwards said, That John Weston coming to his the Election, Burgess came to his House: That some,

n -1 u:~ . 1- 1 1 supposing him a Spy, asked him what he came for: 11

House on the 5 Dec. he asked him, what made him lose his Market; and that Weston told him, he Should be paid for his Market by Sir Bazil Firebrass, and Should get One Hundred Pounds besides; for a Vote was then worth One thousand Pounds: That Sir Bazil was not then come to Town.

That upon 12 Dec. Mr. Goddard asked Richard Salmon, protested, They had not.

He

said, he came to vote for Sir Baz.; and said, he would speak with him: That afterwards he told Sir Baz. He would vote for him: That thereupon Sir Baz. told him, He was.free to do what he would; and asked him, I? any one had persuaded him: And that , he and his Wife

Why he would not be governed by his Neighbours: Who answered, They would not give so much as Sir Baz.

That Goddard asked, What he had: And Salmon replied, he meant it as a Snare for him.

Margaret Burges said, Mrs. Webb gave her a good Waistcoat for her Husband, and a Dressing for herself; and promised her a Bushell of Wheat, and a Pair of Breeches for her Husband, to vote for Sir Bazill.

Vol. X.

That afterwards he voted for Sir Baz.; and there was a great Shout.

That Mrs. Webb is a charitable Woman; and, without her Relief, Burgess's Family had come to the Parish before.

Hinde said, That he \vas at the at the time Mr. Chappell spake of; That, when Burgess came in, he did not know him, but called him Carter: But-some said,

?Y He

22p Januarii. . A. 1691.

Chippenham He was a Spy; and bid him turn him down Stairs: That guilty of Bribery, in corruptly procuring Votes, at the EJeciion. he was looked on as a Spy, because he had been always Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament on the other Side: That Sir Bazil took him into the for the Borough of , in the County of Jl

middle of the Room; and told him there was a Whis- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, pering, as if somebody had bribed him: and that he That Sir Fire brass, Knight is not duly elected a said, Nobody had. Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Bo-

That he then clapped his Hands together, and wished rough of Chippenham in the county of ;

they might never part, if any body had given him any Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, thing to vote: And then Sir Baz. said, IIC would give That Thomas Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess,

him no-Consideration but Thanks. to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of

That Sir Baz. had Threescore Voters without him; Chippenham in the County of Wilts. and, as soon as he had voted, he was hurried away: That The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second he never, directly or indirectly paid more than the ordi- time;

nary Rate for Drink; viz. Three Pounds per Hogshead. And the Question being put, That the House do agree And being confronted with Dobson, denied, That with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Baz. he had made him any Promises for his Vote. Knight, and his Agents, are guilty of Bribery,

Ady, being confronted with Dodson, denied likewise, in corruptly procuring Votes at the Election of a Bur-That he had made him any Promises to stand neuter. gess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough Betij. Woodnorthsaid, He was at the Bell, the Day of Chippenham in the County of Wilts;

before the Election: And that Burges came in; and the The House divided.

Freemen were angry, and said he was a Rogue; and The Noes go forth,

desired him to tell Sir Bos. so. , - / v

That he offered to vote for Sir Baz.: And Sir Bazil Tellers or le eas.

said he might vote for whom he would. ' , . xt

Jos. Slade said, That Margaret Burges came to him Tel ers or e Noes

the Sunday Sevennight before the Election; and desired So it was resolved ii

him to speak to Mr. Hindeto come to tap his Driuk; The Second Resolution being read a Second time; for she had not a Farthing to save her Soul: And that Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com-he told Mr. Hind’, but he would not yield to it, nor lend mittee in the said Resolution, That Sir Baz. Firebrass, her any Money. Knight, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this

Tho. Webb said, Walt. Scot, who voted for Major present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham in General Talmash, came to him as he stood at one Bar- the County of Wilts.

nett's Door in the Street in Company of several Persons; The Third Resolution being read a Second time, and asked him to vote for Sir Bazill:That he told him Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-he was not concerned in that Matter; and that Scot mittee in the said Resolution, That Thomas Talmash,

said, He would give him a Guinea to vote for Sir Baz.; Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to sene in this present and that, by that Means, he Should make the Election Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham in the County void. of Wilts.

That he had voted at the former Election, and at this; Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this but was disallowed, though he then paid the Relit. House, Tomorrow Morning to amend the Return for

Scot being called to confront him, confessed, That he the said Borough, did, in a jocular Way, say he would give him a Guinea;

but denied he said any thing of making the Election Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Pri- Aileslmry void. vileges and Elections do report the Matter, touching the Election.

Rich. Eland said, That Gale told him, that he had Election for the Borough of Ailesbury, in the County of Three Guineas for Drawing of Twelve Flagons of Beer Bucks, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, on Major General Talmash's Account; which was given 1 him by James Croome. ’ Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of the Ways and

Gale, confronting, denied the Words; but said, He whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further Means, had Three Pounds (or a Hogshead of Beer after the of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted

Election. ' to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War

John Hackman said, he was sent for to the Bear at against France, do make the Report from the said Com-

Chippenham: And the Master put his Hand into his mittee Tomorrow Morning.

Pocket, and pulled out some Money; and told him, he

Should take what he would, if he would vote for Major Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- London General Talmash: And one said, He Should bring ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Orphans. 'Twenty Dozen of Cards, and he would buy them, if he mittee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and would vote for the said Major General, or otherwise he Means to satisfy Jhe Debts due to the Orphans of the would not deal with him: But the Master afterwards put City of London. the Money up again in his Pocket.

Jos.West said, He was with Walter Scott, and others: That all Committees be adjourned, except Curtis.

And that they told him, they had Thirty Pounds of Sir the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Estate. George Spekes Money; and if he would vote for the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more speedy Payment Major General, he Should have the greatest part of it: the Debts of Curtis, Widow, late deceased,

That, the next Night, he went to Hen. Lawrence's; and and Performance of an Agreement touching the same, told him if he wanted Thirty or Forty Shillings to buy made between Cha. Curtis in his Life time, and Edward Leather, he Should have it, provided he would vote for Earle, according to a Decree in the High Court of Major General Talmash. Chancery, is committed.

Capt. Scot said. That Jon.Scot had threatened John

Short to send him to Gaol, if he voted for Sir Bazil. And *en the.House adjourned till Tomorrow

That upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to Morning, Eight a Clock,

several Resolutions: The which Serjeant Trenehard read in his Place; and afterwards delivered, in Writing, at the

Clerk's Table: Where the same were again read; and *

are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Baz.Firebrass, Knight, and his Agents, are

18 -

'[Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Colt,

/Mr. Bickerstaffe, [Mr. Tanckred,

1 the Affirmative.

}«7 5-} 92.

638

Committees.

Duke of Lemster’s

Is at.

Monpovil-Lius Nat.

Grantham’s

Estate.

Building

Ships.

Lord

Stanhope’s

Estate.

Hertford

lioads.

Kennersly’s

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Chippenham lte turn amended.

Gunpowder near the Tower.

3 W. &. M.

2 3° Januarii.

639

Sabbati, 23° d Januarii;

3# Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

Q RDERED,.That all Committees be revived.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing of MainhardtDuke of was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Wm. Peru-let, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for naturalizing Arman Nompar De Caumant, Alarquis of Motijm'UlAnd the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the enabling Vincent Grantham, Esquire, to lease Part of his Manor of Goltho in Lincolnshire, for raising Monies to pay Portions and Debts charged thereupon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Buscaxt en, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for the encouraging the Building of good

. O © O o

anil defensible Ships. And the same was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and Sir Rob. Regard;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the enabling Philip Son and

Heir apparent of the Right honourable Philip) Earl of Chesterfield, together with the said Earl, to make a Jointure arid Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Philip Lord Stanhope: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Reviving of a former Law for the Repair of Highways in Hertfordshire.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Kenncrsly to make a Lease or Leases for Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Ashley have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, his Lady being ill.

The Clerk of the Crown attended; and amended the Return for the Borough of Chippenham, by rasing out the Name of Sir Basil I Pi rebrass, Knight, and inserting the Name of Thomas Tallmash, Esquire, instead thereof.

A Bill for preventing Gunpowder from being kept in Warehouses, near the Tower of London, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Math. Andrcues, Sir John Bolls, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Latterell,

Mr. Go!dwell, Mr. Berkly, Mr. Colt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Miller, Colonel* Perry, Mr. Biddolph, Sir Rob.

Sir John Darrell, Mr. Brener, Mr. Lloyd, Sir lien. Goodrich, Mr. England, Sir JHerne, Sir Iho. Darcye, Mr. Jeff ryes, Colonel Deane, Mr.'Holt, Mr. How, Sir

Edu\ Hussey, A-Ir. Bonyer, Sir John Sir Rich.Onslow, Mr. Onslow, Captain Dyott, Alr.'Lett-

xviek, Sir Peter Colleton, Sir Fra.Vincent, Mr. Air.,

Sherrard, Sir Tho. Hussey, Air. , Mr. Wharton, and oil the Alembers that serve for the City of London: And Vol. X.

they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, and particularly the principal Inhabitants of the Toxt er Hamlets; and hear them, in relation to the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Preventing of mall- Malicious cious Informations, and more easy Reversal of Outlaw-.in, onnatlons* ries, in the Court of King's Bench, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the better Preventing of malicious Informations, and more easy Reversal of Outlawries, in the Court of King's Bench.

Ordered, That Air. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Air. Smith, according to Ordef, presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill for the vesting the forfeited Estates in 1psh. land in their Majesties, to be applied to the Uses of the l orlcltures‘ War: And also,

A Bill for the vesting the forfeited Estates in England Supply Bill; in their Majesties, to be applied to the Uses of the War. English

And the same were received. or eitures*

V

An ingrossed Bill for lessening the Interest of Aloney, Reducing was read the Third time. . Interest.

And the Question being put; That the Bill do pass.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Edward Hu 1 J elleis for the X eas,|Mr Methxvinj 15°*

rr 11 r , xt fSir Robert Davers. 1

Tellers for the Noes,| GMvdl,j ,01-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act for lessening the '

Interest of Aloney.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hussey do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Then Air. Solicitor General, according to the Order Ways and of the Day, reported from the Committee of the w hole Means* House, to whom it w as referred to consider further of Ways and Afeans for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, The several Resolutions agreed upon by the said Committee; Which he read in his Place; and then delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were once read throughout; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

1 st, That all and every Person and Persons do pay the Sum of Twelve-pence Quarterly, for One Year:

2. That there be excepted such Persons as shall receive Alms of the Parish where they dwell, and the Children being under the Age of Sixteen Years,'at the time of the Execution of the Act:

3. That there he also excepted all Children, being under the Age of Sixteen Years, of all poor Housekeepers or Householders, who, by reason of their Poverty, are excepted from contributing to Church and Poor:

4. That there be also excepted all Children, being under the Age of Sixteen Years, of all Day Labourers, and of all Servants in Husbandry:

5. That there be also excepted all Children, being under the Age of Sixteen Years, of such who have Four or more Children; and are not worth in Lands, Goods, and Chattels, the Sum of Fifty Pounds:

6. That every Gentlemen, or reputed Gentleman, having an Estate of the clear Value of Three hundred Pounds, or more, and every Person who- is above that Quality, and under the Degree of a Peer, do pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings Quarterly, for One Year:

7. That every Tradesman, Shopkeeper, and Artificer, having an Estate of the clear Value of Three hundred Pounds, and upwards, do pay the Sum of Ten Shillings Quarterly, for One Year:

8. That

Leave of Absence.

Seamen in West India Trade.

Report of Conference.

Exporting

Bullion.

Making

Saltpetre.

040 230 — 25 0 JanuariL 1691.

8. That every Person, who by reason of his Estate is charged or chargeable to the Militia with Finding of Horse, do, for every Horse he is so charged or chargeable, pay thoSum of Twenty Shillings Quarterly, for One Year, Over and above what he is charged with by any other Head; and so in Proportion for every Person contributing to the Finding of Horse:

9. That every Person not contributing to the Finding of a Horse, to the Militia, who does keep a Coach and Horses, do pay Twenty Shillings Quarterly, for One Year, over and above what he is charged with by any other Head, except such as keep Stage or Hackney Coaches:

10. That every Person that keeps any Hackney or Stage Coach or Coaches, do, for every Coach so kept, pay the Sum of One Pound Five Shillings Quarterly, for One Year:

it. That every Lord of Parliament, either Spiritual or Temporal, do pay the Sunt of Ten Pounds Quarterly, for One Year:

12. That every Person who shall refuse to take the Oaths appointed by an Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths, do, pay double the Sums charged by the said respective Heads,

And the said several Resolutions, being read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And it is referred to Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General, to prepare and bring in the same.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction, in preparing the said Bill, That all Pilasers, Attornies, Solicitors, Clerks in Chancery, Exchequer, and other Courts of Law or Equity, Proctors, and other Officers, of all Courts Ecclesiastical and Civil, be inserted,-and charged, as Gentlemen, in the said Bill.

Resolved, That all Clergymen, Preachers, and Teachers in any Congregation whatsoever,* who have in any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Contribution, or otherwise, to the Value of Eighty Pounds per Annum, or upwards, be inserted and charged as Gentlemen, in the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Courtney have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrard have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Merchants and Planters trading to, and interested in, their Majesties Plantations in the West Indies, relating to the Navigation of Ships to and from thence with Foreign Seamen, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the Petition be read upon Monday Morning next. '

Then the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report of the free Conference, was read.

Ordered, That the Report of the free Conference with the Lords upon Thursday last be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will upon Tuesday Morning next, after the Bill for establishing an East India Company is read, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for discouraging the Exportation of Bullion, and encouraging the Importation thereof, and converting the same into the Coin of this Realm.

Resolved, That Mr. Vincent, Sir Henley, Mr. Bow-yer, Mr. Cook, Mr. Mannaton, Mr. Chetuyn, Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Bear, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Metlrwyn, Mr. Cope, Mr. Adderly, Mr. Archer, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for encouraging the making Saltpetre in England, is committed: And all that come are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 25* die Januarii;

30 Gulielmi et Mari®.

Praters.

RUDOLPH U in Fremish, and John

took the Oaths, in Order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Portions, Debts, and Legacies, given and owing by James late Earl of Salisbury, was: ead the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider; That, in case the Portion of the late Lady Catharine Dozening, or any Part thereof, shall be unpaid upon the Twenty-fifth December 92; that then the Interest thereof, as shall be then unpaid, shall be accounted due, from such lime as the Portion became due by the late Earl’s Will.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title agreed

to.

Ordered, That the Bill be earned by Mr. Dolben to the Lords: And that they be acquainted, That this House hath agreed to the same, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reports from the Committer of the whole* House, to whom it was referred to conside r of the Bill for Repair of Dover Harbour, the Amendmmts made by the Committee to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupan, with some Amendments, agreed untd by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, by leaving out "or;" and inserting "and;"Fo *, Line ♦:

And the Question being put, That " or " stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }

Tellers for he Noes,} *8.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, touching the receiving, paying, and accounting for the Money to be raised by the Bill: Which was twice read; and, with some Amendments made thereunto, was agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added, That all Ships belonging to the Ports of Weymouth, Melcomb Regis, and Lime Regis, shall, by reason of their Poverty, be exempted from paying any thing to Dover Harbour.

And the same was read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all Ships belonging to Great Yarmouth, having a Pier of their own, the Charge whereof is very great, shall be exempted from paying any thing to Dover Harbour.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

And

Earl of Salisbury'll Estate.

Dover

Harbour,

Supply Bills;

Irish

Forfeitures.

English

Forfeiture*.

Sadleir's

Estate.

St. Paul* Shad well Waterworks.

Pari of

Salisbury’s

Estate.

Ailesbury

Election.

Report of Conference.

3 W. & M.

2 50 — 2 6° Januarii.

641

And the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

.The Yeas go forth.

Chadwick, 1

Tellers for the Yeas.

/Mr.

’ (Sir Edw. Hussey,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Malmesbury the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wr*t. electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmesbury in the County of Wilts, in the room of Sir James Long, Baronet, deceased.

Tellers for the Noes, } >3«.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland, in their Majesties, to be applied to the Uses of the War; and also the Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in England in their Majesties, to be applied to the Uses of the War; be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir James Astry;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Edwin Sadlier, Baronet, to sell Lands to pay his Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also a Bill for incorporating the Proprietors of the Waterworks in the Parish of St. Paul's in the County of Middlesex', and for the encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said Waterworks: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Portions, Debts, and Legacies, given and owing by James late Earl of Salisbury.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Marthy 26° die Januarii;

3* Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

j^Rmand Nompar de Caumant, Marquis of

villan, took the Oaths'appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Hayne, Sir Steph. Evans, Mr. Hudson’sBay Brockman, Colonel Perry, Sir Jos. Williamson, Sir John Company. Dorrell, Sir John Knatchbull, Sir Jon. Jennings, Mr.

Champneys, Sir Era. Massam, Sir Sam. be added to the Committees to whom the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company of Feltmakers, London, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for naturalizing Mainhardt Duke of Leinster, was read Leinsler’* the Second time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Win.

Privileges and Elections do report the Matter touching _ , ,. _ _ r , TT

the Elections for the Borough of Ailesbury in the County ^>awIeP Sir John More ton, Mr. Haw-of Bucks, upon Wednesday Morning next. tty> Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Mr.

Sir Thomas Mr. Smith, Mr. Sherrard,

Mr. Brockman, Mr. Done, Mr. Tracers Mr. Waller, Sir

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Jeroas Elxces, Mr. Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Meth-

proceeded.....into Consideration the Report from Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Burrard,

the free Conference upon Thursday last, upon the Subject Mr. Palmes, Sir Edicard Hussey, Sir Carre, Sir Matter of the last free Conference, touching the Amend- Sam. Bernardiston, Mr. Mr. Slater, Mr.

ments made by this House to the Clause marked A, Sir Sir And they are to

added by the Lords to the Bill for regulating of Tryals, meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s in Cases of Treason. Chamber.

And the Question being stated, That this House doth

insist upon the Amendments, sent to the Lords, to the said Clause marked A;

And the previous Question being put, That the Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tel, CTSfor«,eYeaS>{"^’ }

120.

125.

for Noe,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being stated, That this House doth

adhere to their Disagreeing with the Lords, as to the said teamen to man the Merchants Ships: That the Product Clause marked A; of the Plantations have been lost for want of Shipping to

And a Debate arising thereupon; fetch it home: That Seamen exact treble their former

The Question was put, That the Debate be adjourned; Wages; and thereby abscond their Majesties Service:

A Bill for Naturalizing of Armand Nompar de Caumant, Mompovil-Marquis of Mompovillan, was read the.Second time. lan’» Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Mainhardt Duke of Leinster, is committed.

The Petition of the Merchants and Planters trading to, Seamen in and interested in, their Majesties Plantations in the West West India Indias, which was presented to the House upon Saturday ^rade' last, was read; setting forth, That, from the Act of Navigation, many Inconveniences arise; viz. The Necessity of

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Ye, flo6'

127.

Teller, for the Noes, }

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to their Disagreeing with the Lords to the Clause marked A.

Resolved, That the said Resolution be delivered to the Lords at a free Conference.

Resolved, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords; upon the said Clause marked A.

And, for these Reasons, that Clause in the Act of Navigation has 'been dispensed withal: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to give Liberty, during the present War, to carry any Goods to, or bring any of the Product of the West Indies from thence, in any Ships, and sailed with any Seamen; or at least, that the Ships may not be obliged to sail with English Seamen.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Sam. Bemadiston, Col. Titus, Sir Math. Andrewes, Sir John Dorrell, Sir Rob. Davers,

Ordered, That Mr. MountagueAo, Tomorrow Morning, Mr. Hawtry, Sir Jeroas Elwes, Mr. Beddingfeild, Sir go to the Lords; and desire the said free Conference. Tho. Vernon, Mr. Colt, Sir Colonel Perry,

6^2 26° Janyarii. j£. >691.

SirJZdward Seymor, Mr. Sir Henley , Mr.

Arnold, Sir John Knight, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Huot/^Mr. Christie, Sir Thom. Clarg Mr. Mr. Fenwipk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at. Fpgr. of foe Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bankrupt*. A Petition of Afichaell, Rockett, Gentleman, was read;

setting forth, That the Petitioner, having a just Debt of Six thqusapd Pounds due from Sir Robert. Viner, hath extended the same upon his Estate: But that the Executor of Sir Robert designs an Advantage upon the Petitioner by the Bill brought in relating to Bankrupts Estates, although -Sir Robert was never proved a Bankrupt: And praying to be heard by his Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Discovery, and more equal Distribution, of Bankrupts Estates, is committed.

ministered, to the: Surveyors of tmy Plapein the Wild or

Weld of Sussex or Kent; nor shall any Prosecution be had, made, preferred, or levied, for any Defects, or for want of Repair, in any of the Highways of the said Counties.

And the same wus once, read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass: And that the 'Title be, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods.

Ordered, That Mr. Berwyer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and, desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Alountague acquaints the House, That he having, Lords agre* according to their Order of Yesterday, been at the Lords, 10 Confer* to desire a free Conference; the Lords do agree to a free Conference Tomorrow Morning at Twelve a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Cripps* An ingrossed Bill for Sale of the Estate of John

Estate. Cripps, Gentleman, in the County of Kent', and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Gentleman,

in the County of Kent', and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, in'lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Brockman have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absenc*‘

Ordered, That Mr. Tyre have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom it was re- Irish For-ferred to receive Proposals for Raising of Money upon feitures-the forfeited Estates in Ireland be impowered to inquire into the Disposal of forfeited Estates there.

Cambridge An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act University for confirming the Charters of the University of Cam-

Charter*. bridge, and the Colleges and Halls therein, was read the

First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir ChaWindham have Leave to go Absence. into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Punishment Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to of Offenders, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the taking away Clergy from some Offenders, and bringing others to Punishment, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Settlement of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to the Po«r. whom the Bill for the better Settlement of the Poor, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, upon the Bill Royal Mines, for explaining a Proviso, touching Royal Mines, in the Statute made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for Repeal of the Statute of 5 Hen. IV. against multiplying Gold and Silver, be resumed; and the King’s Counsel heard upon the said Bill, upon Friday . Morning next.

A Bill for establishing an East India Company was, East India according to the Order of the Day, read a Second time. Company.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of Sir John Molesicorth, Sheriff of the County of

on Behalf of himself, and other Inhabitants of the said County, presented to the House, and read the Eighth Instant, and relating to the East India Trade, be referred . to the said Committee.

Supply Bill; A Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in Irish For- their Majesties, to be applied to the Uses of the War, was, feitures. according to the Order of the Day, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; A Bill for the vesting the forfeited Estates in England ^English For- in their Majesties, to be applied to the Uses of the War, feitures. was, according to the Order of the Day, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bills be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Amending An ingrossed Bill for the better repairing and amend- Highway*. ing the Highways, and for the settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, was read the Third time.

Aningrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill, That all Matters concerning Highways, Causeways, and - Bridges, shall be determined in the County where the same do lie, and not elsewhere; and that no Presentment, Indictment, or Order, made by virtue of the said Act, shall be removed by Certiorari into any other Court.

And the same was ‘thrice read; gnu amended; and agreed upon to be made Part of the jBfll.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a.Rider to the Bill; That the Oath, required by the AcJ, shall npt be ad-

23 . '

A Petition of Robert Tayloe, and others, was read; Ditto, setting forth, That the Petitioners, in War with the Great Mogul, and other Heathen Princes, in Service of the East India Company, obtained as many Prizes as amounted to One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds; a Sixth Part whereof is due to the Petitioners, by virtue of an Order published by the Company for that Purpose; and as is since confessed by the Company, by their Answer to the Bill brought by the Attorney General in the Exchequer for the King’s Tenths; and yqt refuse to pay the Petitioners such their Rewards, or any ways to relieve them, notwithstanding the y are brought to great Wants by the Injustice of the said Company: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the several Petitions which were referred to the Committee of the whole House, who considered of the Petitions touching the East India Trade, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Persons, proposed to this House by the Committee of the East India Company on the Twenty-ninth ‘Day of December 'last, do ptyend fop House Tomorrow Morning, to give Sycurity, ^pccuqding to their Proposals.

Ordered,

Committees.

Lord

Stanhope's

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Molineux’s

Estate.

Building

Ships.

Settlement of the Poor.

Exporting

Bullion.

Punishment of Offenders.

gW-#M.

Ordered, That allCorrHpjttees, except: the Committee to whom the Bills oif Naturalization are commuted, he adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morrtipg, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 27" die Jqnuarii;

3* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Philip Lord Stanhope, Son and Heir-Apparent of the honourable Philip Earl of Chesterfeild, together with the said Earl, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Philip Lord Stanhope, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gee have Leave to go into the Country for three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill to vest’ certain Lands of Molineux, Gentleman, in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, for paying the Portions to his younger Brother and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in the Court of Chancery, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act, <$r.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for the encouraging good and defensible Ships,

was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Colonel Perry, Sir Math. An Mr. Mr.

Freeman, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Hen. Mr.

Mr. Palmes, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Colt, Colonel Titus, Colonel Zee, Swjohn Bolles, Sir Tha. Vernon, Mr. Christie, Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Thomhaugh, Sir 77/0. Darcy, Mr. Hozv, Sir Rob. Rich, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Chadwick, Colonel Austin, Mr. Sir

Mr. Fuller, Sir Wm. Yorke, Mr. England, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Christie, Major Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Mr. Cary And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

from some Offenders, and to bring others to Ryinishm6nt, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to the Bill'; which they had directed him to reportto the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Crerk’s Table: ’Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some other Amendments made thereunto, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

Press l, Line 19, after " House," insert " Shop;" and, after " or," leave out " Out-house;" and insert " Warehouse."

.Line 23, the same Amendment.

Line 24, after " Burglary," leave out all the Words, to "being," in Line 32

Press 2, Line 6, after " outlawed," insert " thereupon."

At the End of the Bill, add Clause A; " That every Person hiring any Room or Lodgings, and therefrom purloining or carrying away any Chattel or Furniture, shall be reputed and adjudged a Felon, and suffer as such; and also to give the Woman the Benefit of the Clergy in like Cases with the Man; and to suffer but as the Maji suffers in that Behalf."

Mr. Attorney General, according to Order, presented Supply Bill; to the House a Bill for a Quarterly Poll. ^ax*

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the Managers who managed the last Conference free Conference with the Lords, do manage the free Trials for Conference this Day. Treason-

And the Managers went to the free Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Mountague reports, That they had attended the free Conference; and acquainted the Lords with the Resolution of this House touching the Amendments to the Clause A, to the Bill for the Regulating of Trials, in Cases of Treason; and left the Bill, Clause, and Amendments, with the Lords.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Ailesbury Privileges and Elections do, Tomorrow Morning at Election. Eleven a Clock, report the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Ailesbury in the County of Bucks.

r* Hutchinson, according to the Order of the Day, The House being acquainted, That the Committee of East India reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for the the j India Company attended, according to Order; Company, better Explanation of Two former Acts for the better They were called in: And Mr. Speaker, by Order of Settlement of the Poor, was committed, That they had the House, acquainted them, That there is a Bill brought agreed upon several Amendments to the Bill; which they jn> by the Order of the House, to establish an East India had directed him to report to the House: And which he Company; and that the present Adventurers may have read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterw ards a Stock therein of Seven hundred Forty-four thousand delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were pounds, if they will give Security, That the Stock they once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by now have, shall be made good Seven hundred Forty-four one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, thousand Pounds, all Debts paid: And that the House agreed unto by the House. . gives them Time till Tuesday Morning next, to give in an

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Answer to the said Proposition: And that the House

* . jj expected an Answer to be then given accordingly.

And the same was twice read; and amended; and Resolved, That the House will, upon Tuesday Morning agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the BUI. next; at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the whole House, to consider of the Bill for establishing mgrossed. an Jfoy/ Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven aCJoqk, resolve jtself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the Bill for the discouraging t^e Exportation of Bullion, and encouraging the Importation thereof, and converting the same into the Coin of this Realm.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Friday Morning London next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Orphans, of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of Ronton; and nothing to intervene.

Mr. Price, according to the Order of the Day, jre- Ordered, That all Commiftees, except the Committee Irish ports froip the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill ' appointed to receive Proposals for raising Money upon Forfeitures, from the Lords, intituled, An Act so take away^lergy the forfeited Estates in Ireland, be adjourned.

Selling Landl in Lincolne, &c.

Newton'*

Estate.

Woolen

Trade.

Supply Bill; Duties on Low Wiues.

Recovery of Ty thes.

Supply Bill;

English

Forfeitures.

Supply Bill; Irish Forfeitures.

28 Januarii. A. 1691.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow O That the said Committee do prepare and Morning, Eight of the Clock. bring in a Clause for setting up a Court of Claims in

Ireland, touching the forfeited Estates there.

Jot ns,28* die Januarii;

3* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vesting several Manors, Lands, and Rents, in the Counties ot Lincolne, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for the buying other Manors and Lands to be settled for the same, or the like Uses, as those to be sold are now settled, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Manor and Lordship of King's Bromly, and other the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Barbara Neicton, Widow, Relict of Newton, late of the Island of Barbadoes in America, Esquire, deceased, and John Newton Esquire, Son and Heir of the said Samuell Neictoby the said Barbara, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Guise, according to Order, presents a Bill for the Encouragement of Clothiers, and others dealing in Woolen Manufactures, and for suppressing of Wool Broggers, and Ingrossers of Wool, and Factors. And the same was received.

Mr. Onslow reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for the better ordering and collecting the Duty upon Low Wines, and Strong Waters, and preventing Abuses therein, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one > and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That the Bill shall not extend to any common Distiller, or other Person, who shall, from the First of February 1691, give Notice to the Officer of the Excise, as by this Act is appointed: Which was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon; agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sit Aides' Cooke and Sir Lacon Wm. Child;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Tythes, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for the vesting the forfeited Estates in England^ in their Majesties, to be applied to the Uses of the War, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

A Bill for the vesting the forfeited States in'Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Uses of the War, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the said Bills be severally committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the said Committee do prepare and bring in a Clause, That the forfeited Impropriations in Ireland be settled for the Benefit of the Church there.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, London after the Committee of the whole House hath sat to Orphan*, consider of Ways to satisfy the Debt due to the Orphans of the City of London, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the stud several Bilb.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, according to the Order of the Ailesbury Day, reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Election, tiens, to whom the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Ailesbury in the County of was referred,

The State of the Case, as it appeared to the Committee:

Which he. delivered, in Writing, at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Upon the Petition of James Herbert, Esquire, complaining of an undue Return of Simion Maine,

Esquire, to serve for Ailesbury;

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

The Numbers of the Poll were thus;

For Mr. Maine - - - - 186.

For Mr. Herbert - - - - 115.

That the Petitioners did not offer. to take off from the Numbers of the Sitting Members: But alledged,

That some of the Voters had been bribed.

And to that Purpose called

Thom. Sheney: Who said, He voted for Mr. Herbert:

But that one Mr. Chugh, Sir Thom. Lee's Man, and Mr. Kinnersly, that was Mr. Whartons Man, had, on the Day of the Election, solicited him very much to vote for Mr. Maine: That he told them, He was engaged to JVlr.

Herbert; and had draw n Three Hogsheads of Beer upon his Account, which he Should lose, if he did not vote for him: And thereupon Mr. Chugh pulled out of his Pocket a Bag; and said, He would pay him for them.

But the said Sheney, being further examined, said, He could not be positive, whether it was Mr. or

Mr. Acham, that solicited him.

John Stratford said, That he voted for Mr. Herbert:

But said, That he owed Five Pounds Twelve Shillings to one Bennet, of London: And. that Mr. Wicks ton, who voted for Mr. Maine, came to him; and told him, That, if he would vote for Mr. Maine, he would discharge the Bond.

Cha. Noy said, That Richard Parker voted for Mr.

Maine: That the said Parker told him, He would be for him that would give him most Money: That, afterwards, the said Parker told him, one Pratt, who solicited for Mr. Maine, had sent him Two Load of Wood, one the Day before the Election, the other the Day of the Election: And he asked Parker, If he did buy them:

And he told him, He did not

Rich. Kempster said, That Richard Parker told him,

That, if he would not give him any Money, he would go to Mr. Maine's side; there he could have Money enough.

John Parker said, He voted for Mr. Maine: That Mr. Harrison, a Clergyman, who had concerned himself on the Behalf of Mr. Maine, gave him Four Half-crowns to vote for Mr. Maine: And that, if it had not been for that Money,. he had voted for Mr. Herbert: That afterwards, he went to Mr. Harrisons House to borrow Forty Shillings; but Mrr Harrison refused it: And that what he gave, he gave him freely.

Rich. Kynnersly, being confronted with Sheney, said,

That, upon the Day of the Election, he was at Neumarkett.

Rob. Acham said, That Mr. Wharton bid him go and find out Sheney; and tell him, That he had promised him his Vote; and he expected him to be as good as his Word: That he met him in the Middle of the Street on the Election Day: And that he and Chugh went to the George with Sheney; and there was no Offer made by Chugh of paying for Drink, as Sheney testified: And that Sheney went willingly with them.

Tho.

3 W. & M.

28° Januarii.

<545

Tho. Read, Nat. Birch, said, That when Mr. Chugh

asked Sheney, if he had offered him any Money; Sheney

disowned that he had; and said, He was a Son of a Whore that Should say so.

Mr. Fra. Hatton said, That told him, upon his

asking him, If they had offered him any Money, that Chugh had not offered him any; but Chugh had offered him to pay for his Beer.

JohnIVickston said, That upon asking him.

If he had offered him any Money, Sheney said, No, it was the same Man; he knew him very well.

C 'ha.Noy said. That Chugh, and one of Mr. Whartons Men (when they went to the Gof the Election Day), went of each Side of him like a Couple of Bailiffs; but did not see them pull Sheney: And that Sheney told him, they had offered to pay for the Beer; but he had slipt from them.

JVicks ton. confronted by Stratford, said, That Stratford had formerly been his Servant; and, before that, contracted a Debt to Mr. Bennet :That, at Christmas was Twelve-months, Mr. Bennet's Man came into the Coun-

try; and nothing would satisfy him, but to sue Stratford: That Wickstonpersuaded him to accept of a Composition;

and, before Sir Tho. Lee died, he sent to Mr. Barmcell, and several others, to contribute towards the paying it off: But after Sir Tho. Lee’s Death, being cautious lest they Should attribute any thing to be a Design for the Election, he desisted.

That he has offered him the Bond for Four Pounds, and Three Pounds; but never to vote for Mr. Maine.

Mr. Barnwellsaid. That about Twelve-month? since, Mr. IVickston met him, and told him, that Stratford was poor, and desired him to contribute to him: And that Air. Barmcell told him, that, if he could make it up, he

Should have his Half Piece.

Pratt said, He sold the Wood to Richard Parker.

Richard Parker said. He bought the Wood of Pratt, at his House, and agreed upon the Rate.

Mr. Harrison, a Clergyman, being confronted with John Parker, said, He did not give John Parker One Farthing, nor offer him any thing to vote.

Mr. Willis, another Clergyman, said, That Mr. Harrisons Answer, when Parker came to borrow the Forty Shillings, was, That he would do any Man

what Kindness he could; but would not be concerned with them in Matter of Money.

Daniel/ Parish, and PratJ, said, That they have heard John Parker swear, God damn him, if he had any Money of Mr. Harrison; and that he did not know what to sweat, if he did go to London.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: The which Mr. Serjeant read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Agents of Simon Maine are not guilty of Bribery, in corruptly procuring Votes at the late Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ailesbury in the County of Bucks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Simon Maine, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ailesbury.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a'Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Agents of Simon

Maine, Esquire, are not guilty of Bribery, in corruptly procuring Votes at the late Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ailesbury in the County of Bucks.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Simon Maine, Esquire,

Vol. X.

is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ailesbury.

A Bill for a Quarterly Poll was, according to the Supply Bill; Order of the Day, read a Second time. Tax.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklyn and Sir John Hoskyns;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, ip- Commis-tituled, An additional Act for appointing and enabling 81oner8 of Commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick AcwMnPt* Accompts of the Kingdom, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, they have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Keblc’s enable John Keble, Gentleman, to sell certain Lands in tslaU*

Stow Market in the County of Suffolke, and to settle other Lands of greater Value to the same Uses: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And, a Bill, intituled, An Act for the settling certain Vaughan’* Messuages, Mills, Lands, and Tenements, in the County Estate. of Merioneth, upon certain Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, towards the Payment of the Debts of IVm. Vaughan, ami Jen/cin Vaughan, Esquires, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration Commis-the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, sioners of An additional Act for appointing and enabling Commis- A'00111?18-sioners to examine, take, and state the publick Accompts of the Kingdom.

And the same, being read, are as followeth; viz.

Press 1, Line 31, after " Esquire," add " Sir JVych, Sir Philip Meadowes, John , Esquire,

and Alexander Davenant, Esquire."

Line 32, for " Four," read " Six."

Press A, Line 22, for " Four," read " Six."

Press 6, Line 10, for "Four," read "'Six."

Line 14, for "Four," read "Six."

Line 21, for "Four," read "Six."

Line 38, for " Four," read " Six."

Press 7, Line 1, for " Four," read " Six."

Line 8, for " Four," read " Six."

P. ess 7, Line 15, for "Four," read "Six."

Press 8, Line 11, for " Four," read " Six."

Line 20, for " Four," read " Six."

Line 32, for " Four," read " Six."

Press 9, Line 31, for " Four," read " Six."

And the said Amendments being read a Second tijne, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Conference . Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords wllh touching the said Amendments. r

And it is referred unto Mr. Harley, Sir Edxv.

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Moiuitague, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Herbert, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Rich.

Mr. Smith, Mr. Finch, Mr. Grumble, Mr. Paul Foley,

Sir Peter Colleton, Mr. Christie, to prepare the same:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to sit during the Sitting of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunt, Sir Jew as Elwes, Sir Hudson's Bay

Bernadiston, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Thornhaugh, be added Company, to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Master,

Wardens, and Assistant? of the Company of Feltmakers,

London, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

8 A

Duke of

Leinstei's

Nat.

Monpovil-lan’s Nat

Earl of

Suffolk's

Estate*

Apprehending Highway men.

Judges Commissions and Salaries.

Punishment i Offenders.

2? Januarii;

Ai 1691.

Veneris, 29° Januarii;

3* Gulielmi et Maria?.

Praters.

SIR Jonathan Jennings reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Mainhard Duke of Leinster, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 1, Line 8, after " Germany," add " Willem Frcemish, Son of Govert Freemand Anna his Wife, born at Zulesteyn, in the Province of Utrecht in Holland;

'RudolphKieti, Son of Albrecht and Christina his

Wife, born at Alsclebenin Saxony; and Johan Son of Johannes Vandorp, and Anna his Wife, born at Ackon, the first Hanson Tow n of the Imperial."

Line 11, after "of," leave out "his;" and add "their." Line 21, before "shall," add " Rudolph Kien, Willem Freemish, and Johan. Vandorp."

Line 24, leave out " he is;" and add " they are."

Line 27, leave out " he;" and add " they."

Line 32, before "shall,"'add " Kien, Willem

Freemish, and Johan. Vandorp."

Press 2, Line 2, leave out " his Resort or Pedigree ;" and add " their several Resorts or Pedigrees."

Line 3, leave out " Heir to his;" and add " Heirs to their respective."

Line 8, leave out " him;" and add " them, or any of them."

Line 10, leave out " he;" and add " they."

Line 16, the same Amendment.

Line 17, after " Leinster," add " Rudolph Kien, Willem Freemish, and Johan. Van

Line 19, after " Person," add " or Persons."

To the Title, add " and others."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Sir Jonuth. Jennings also reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for naturalizing Armand Nomper de Caumant, Marquis of Monpovillan, was committed, That they had also made some Amendments to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and agreed unto by the House, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of James late Earl of Stiff oik to sell the Manor of Haddock in Essex, for discharging several other Manors and Lands of the said late Earl from Five thousand Pounds, Remainder of Ten thousand Pounds by him formerly charged thereon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Brewer, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for Encouraging of such as shall lake and apprehend Highwaymen. And the same was received.

A Bill to ascertain the Commissions and Salaries of the J lulges, w as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,- An Act to take away Clergy from some Offenders, and to bring others to Punishment, was read the Third time.

17

An Amendment was proposed to be made, in Press *, Line #, by leaving out " January;" and inserting " March."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant JVogan do carry the Bill to the Lords; and > acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Mr. Speaker left the’Chair.

Mr. Hurcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. IJarcourt reports from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, That they might have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon /1 ednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider'of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of ^he City of London.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Bills for vesting the forfeited Estates in England and Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War.

Mr. Herbert reports, That the Members appointed had prepared Reasons to be offered, at a Conference with the Lords, touching the Amendments made by their Lordships to the additional Bill, for the appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick Accompts of the Kingdom; which Reasons they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same were read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

t. This Bill is for reviving die Act passed the last Sessions, in order to perfect the Stating of the Accompts, in which the Commissioners, named by the Commons, have already made a considerable Progress.

2. In all Acts that have ever passed for taking Accompts of publick Money, the Commissioners have been always named by the Commons only; and in particular, in an Act passed 19,h Car. IU, intituled, An Act for taking the Accompts of the several Sums of Money therein mentioned; which Act impowers the Commissioners therein named to take Accompt, not only of Money granted by the Commons, but also other Sums of the publick Revenue: And although that Act requires an Account to be given to the King’s Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament; yet all the Commissioners, thereby constituted, were named solely by the Commons.

3. The Commons, by this Bill, appoint those, whom they name Commissioners, to do that out of Parliament, which, during the Session of Parliament, is the proper Work of the House of Commons; in whom, by the Laws and Customs of the Kingdom, the Power of granting Supplies to the Crown is vested, as an essential Part of their Constitution: And the taking and examining the Accompts thereof is of Right in them also: And they being the Representatives of all the Commons, no Commoner can be named but by them.

4. The Disposition, as well as granting Money by Act of Parliament, hath ever been in the House of Commons: And these Amendments relating to this Disposal of Money to the Commissioners, added by the Amendments, do intrench upon that Right: And therefore the Commons, for these Reasons, do disagree with their Lordships in all their Lordships Amendments to the said Bill.

Unsolved-

London

Orphans.

Supply Bills l.mlibh and Irish Forfeitures.

Commissioners of Accompts.

r

Conference desired with Lords.

I East India , Company.

Dean of St. Paul's thanked.

Lord

Stanhope’s

Estate.

Duchy of Cornwall Leasing.

Monpo-dlon’» Nat.

3 W. & M. 29° Janttarii. — i0

Ml

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Herbert do, upon Monday Morning next, go to the Lords; and desire the said Conference.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company of Clothiers within the City of Worcester was read; setting forth, That if the East India Company were obliged to export yearly, as they may, great Quantity of Woolen Cloths into those Parts where they traffick, the Woolen Manufacture would be much increased, and many more of the Poor employed than now are: And praying a Clause may be added to the Bill for regulating the said East India Company, That Woolen Cloth may be

yearly shipped free by any their Majesties Subjects paying the Duties, or such other Clause as to the Douse shall seem meet, for the Exportation oT Cloth.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing an East India Company is committed.

be, An Act for Naturalizing of de

Caumant, Marquis of Monpovillon.

Ordered, That the Lord Pawlett do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of to naturalize Maynhardt Duke oi Leinster, was read the [tlnsltr’s Third time. Nat-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title .<. agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir John Jennings do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Encouragement of Clo- Woolen thiers, arid others, dealing in Woolen Manufactures, aiwl Trade, for suppressing of Woolen Broggefs, and Ingrossers of Wool, and Blackwell-IlallFactors, be read Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Lmue, 1* die;

30 Gulielmi et Marias.

The House being acquainted, by Sir Robert fosi,

Chairman'of the Committee, appointed to receive Pro- Forfeitures, till Monday posals for raising Money upon forfeited Estates in Ireland, and also to inquire into forfeited Estates there, That a Member of this House was mentioned to be concerned in ----- the Matters directed by this House to he inquired into;

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to inquire into the Matters to them referred, notwithstanding any Members of this House may be concerned therein: ,

And that they do report the same to the House.

Prayers.

ORD E RED, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Dean of Paul's, for his Sermon preached before this House ex'S

on Saturday the Thirtieth Day of January: And that he

be desired to print the same: And that Sir Tho. Darcy - and Mr. Biddolph do acquaint him therewith.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Philip Lord Stanhope, Son and lleir-apparent of the Right honourable Philip Earl of Chesterfeild, together with the said Earl, to make a Jointure and Settlement, upon the Marriage of the said Philip Lord Stanhop e,was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Eland, Sir Sam. G rims ton, Sir lien. Capcl, Mr. Lee, Mr. Burdet,

Sir John Bolles, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Slater, Sir John Banclcs, SlrGilb.Clerke, Sir Robert Henley,

Mr. Christie, Lord Castleton, ‘Sir Edward Mr.

Boscoxven, Mr. Waller, Mr. Travers, Mr. England, Mr. Guyn, Mr. Freeman, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Har/y, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir GervasElwes, Mr. Hedger, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir John Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Doxvdswell, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Thomehaugh, Sir Fran. Massam, Sir Wm. Honywood, Mr. Sir

Robert Dovers, Mr. White, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir John Carcw, Mr. Kendall, Sir Peter Colliton, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Cheyney, Sir Hen. Gaffe, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Derby, Leicester, Nottingham, and Staff md: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling their Majesties to make Leases of the Duchy of

Cornwall.

And the same was presented to the House, and received. The Bill was read the First time.

Rtsobved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for Naturalizing of Armand Nompar de Caumant, Marquis of Monpovillon, was read tl»e Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title VO I;. X. .....

Mr, Herbert reports, That he having, according to Commis-their Order of Friday last, been with the Lords to desire si»nersoi a Conference, upon the Amendments made by their Lord- Accoa*tus ships to the Bill, intituled, An additional Act for appointing anil enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick Accompts of the Kingdom; the Lordsdo agree to a Conference, presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members who prepared the Reasons to be offered at the said Conference, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference accordingly:

And being returned;

Mr. Herbert reported, That they bad attended the Con- ‘

ferenee; and given the Reasons, Why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the said Amendments.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Aides Cooke and Mr. Meredith;

Mr- Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Amend- Punishment ments, made by this House, to the Bill for taking away of Oilenders. Clergy from some Offenders, and for bringing others to Punishment; with an Amendment: To wfiich Amendment they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, They have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for London the Relief of the distressed Orphans of the City of London: °rFban»-To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, they have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Militia for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1692, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, he not repaid; without any Amendments.

Also, They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act cripps’ for Sale of the Estate of John Cr’qrps, Gentleman, in the Estate. County of Kent -, and for settling another Estate, of greater . Value, in lieu thereof; without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply Bills; resolved Itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^illi

consider of the several Bills for vesting the forfeited Estates I'!!’.,'.....or' in England and Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Palmes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

fei lures.

648 i — 2° Febr A. 1691*

Mr. Palmes reported from the said Committee* That they had gone through the Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in England in their Majesties to the Use of the War; and had made several Amendments to the same; which they had directed him to report to the House, with the first Conveniency: And that they had made some Progress in the Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War: And had directed him to move the House, That they might have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a dock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Poll lax. (after the Committee hath sat upon the Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use*of the War), resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for a Quarter Poll.

East India Resolved, That after the Poll Bill is over, That this Company. House will, Tomorrow Morning, receive the Answer from the East India Company.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for establishing an East India Company.

French Ordered, That Mr. Goldwell, Mr. Robinson, Colonel

Protestants. Granville, be added to the Committee to w hom the Petition of the French Protestants, is referred.

Gunpowder Ordered, That Major Vincent, Mr. Laces, Sir Thom. near the " Littleton, be added to the Committee to whom the Peti-Tower. tien of the Inhabitants of the Toner Hamids, is referred.

Bridgwater Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Writ. to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgwater in the County of Somersett, in the room of Mr. Bull, deceased.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Making A Petition of Wm. Tyndall, Esquire, on Behalf of him-

Saltpetre. self, and others, was read; setting forth, That Saltpetre ' hath been made several Years in this Kingdom, of English Product: And that John wdesjord, Esquire, formerly

Consul of Aleppo, had a Grant from King Charles the First, for the sole Making of Saltpetre and Gunpowder in the time of the late Rebellion; and there is due to him ' above Sixteen thousand Pounds; and he was likewise to

continue the Art of making Saltpetre, till his Arrears w as paid: He, being dead, and indebted to his Brother Wm.

Wandesford, Esquire, left him the said Grant, and common Way, Art and Method, of making Saltpetre; who left the same to the Petitioner, in order to provide for his Son Christopher Wand ford, and Two Daughters: That the Petitioner, having improved the Art, did, above a Year ago, agree with some Merchants to raise a Stock for the carrying on the said Work; and is under Covenants with Captain Vevunt, to serve their Majesties with an Hundred Ton, at Thirty-five Pounds per Ton, within One Year; and hath, in his Garden in the Meuse, and in several Places near London, some Hundreds of Tons of Matter to be formed, or turned into Nitre: That the Petitioner,

and his Family, have been great Sufferers for their Loyalty, and the Protestant Religion: And that there is now due from the Crown to the Petitioner, in his own and his said Wife’s Right, as also in the Right of some of his Ancestors, above Twenty-four thousand Pounds, as formerly appeared per the Petitioner’s Case, and Accompt stated, $c.: But now several Persons, that are known to the Petitioner, who do not pretend to the Art of making Saltpetre, but do propose to have a Term of Years granted

to them, with Exclusion to all others, for their Encouragement, and for their Charge to be expended in the said Undertaking; whp have gotten Leave of this honourable House, to bring in a Bill, which has been read a Second time, and committed, for the sole making Saltpetre, with Exclusion to all others; which will much prejudice the Petitioner, and the Trust reposed in him by the honourable family of the Wandefords; and the Petitioner therefore humbly praying, That he may be heard before the Committee, in order to preserve his Right, and the Trust reposed in him, for making Saltpetre; and that their Names may be inserted in the said Bill, instead of those other Persons.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the encouraging the making of Saltpetre here in England, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 2* die Februarii;

30'Gulielu*i et Maria?.

Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bishop f

JL 1l to enable the Bishop of London, and Trustees, to sell the Manor of Bushly in the County of Worcester, I‘art of ^ute-the Bishoprick of London, and to purchase other Lands to be annexed to the said Bishoprick for the Improvement thereof, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir IVm.

Forster, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Price, Sir Lemon, Mr.

Nicholas, Mr. Phillipps, Sir 77 id. Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Freeman, Mr . Lutterell, Mr. Bromley, Sir Wm.

Strickland, Mr. England, Sir Jervas Efives, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Blackwell, Captain Dyott, Sir Francis Massham, Mr. Colt, Mr. Smith, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Christy,

Mr. Beare, Mr. Waller, Mr. Greenfeitd, Mr. Lloyde, Air,

Hedger, Sir Ro. Henly, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Travers, Mr.

Campion, Mr. Sherrard, Sit Rob. Cot ten, Mr. Palmes, Air.

Fenwick, SitTho. Mackxcorth, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Sir John Moreton, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Smith, Air.. Herbert, and all the Alembers that serve for the County of Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act D ik(, of for vesting certain Pieces‘or Parcels of Ground in the Cruitoi.’s Parishes of St. James's and St. Martins in the Fields, Estate, late the Estate of Henry Duke of Grafton, deceased, in ' Trustees, to be sold, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ealdstreat to enable Henry Halsted to make a Lease, for Improve- Prebend, ment of his Prebend of Ealdstreat in the Church of St.

Paul in London, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vaughan’s for the Settling of certain Alessuages, Mills, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Merioneth, upon certain Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, towards the Payment of the Debts of William Vaughan, and Vaughan,

Esquires, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, That one Hairy j>rjviic*e. Roberts had caused Wm. Radcliffe, Gardener, and menial Servant to John Batkxvell, Esquire, a Alember of this House, to be arrested by one John Johnston, a Bailjlf, in v Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That the said Henry Roberts and John Johnston be-sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms

attending

3 W. & M. 2° Felruarii. <$49

attending this House, to answer the said Breach of Privilege,

Hutson's Bay Mr. Christy reported from the Committee to whom the

Company. Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company of Felt-makers, London, was referred, That they had heard the Petitioners, as also the Deputy Governor and Committee of the Hudson's Bay Company; and found, That the Company had, in Elusion, and contrary to the Proviso in the late Act of Parliament by them obtained, for the strengthening their Charter of Incorporation, made divers private Contracts and Sales, toprivate Persons, of very largeQuan-tities of Coat Beaver, at cheaper Rates than had been offered at publick Sales, purely to keep up jthe Price thereof at a publick Sale; and had privately contracted for and sold the same to such Contractors for Eight Shillings and Two-pence per Pound; and then had put up and sold the same for such Contractors, in their publick Sales, at Ten Shillings and Eight-pence, Eleven Shillings, Eleven Shillings and Eight-pence per Pound, to the great Prejudice and Damage of the Petitioners, and their Trading: And that, in such the raising the Price of Coat Beaver, the said Company gave Security to such their private Contractors, not to put up to their publick Sales any of the same Sort of Goods for the Space of Two Years ensuing, their Contract: And that, at one sham Sale made by the Company for their private Contractors, there was as much Coat Beaver actually sold, as amounted to Two thousand Sixty-three Pounds Ten Shillings: And that the Committee was the rather induced to believe the Truth thereof, because the same was acknowledged and testified by divers of the private Contractors themselves: And that the Company took upon them to do these Practices, because there was no Penalty annexed to the Proviso in the said Act of Parliament, on the Violation thereof.

That the Committee also found, That the Exportation of Coney Wool, and Hares Wool unmanufactured, is a great Damage to this Kingdom: For that before the present War with France, and Foreign Markets, served by France with Hats, the same was bought for Seven Shillings pa' Pound, and is now risen to Ten Shillings per Pound since Foreign Markets have been served with Hats by the Petitioners: That great Quantities have been exported to France; it being so valuable to the French, that they cannot possibly work any of their own Coney Wool, or Wools from Turkey, or other Places, without a Mixture of our English Coney Wool: And that the French put so great a Value thereon, that they give one Half more for our Coney Wool, thap they do- for their own Growth: And that the restraining the Exportation thereof will be an Advantage to the Furnishing , Foreign Markets with Hats manufactured by the Peti-

tioners; and be a great Encouragement to that Manufacture in England, and the Traders therein, as also a manifest Advantage to the Kingdom in general.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the House be moved, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the enforcing the due Execution of the Proviso in an Act made in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for confirming to the Governor and Company trading to the Hudson's Bay, their Privileges and Trade, by annexing a Penalty to prevent the Eluding thereof by private Sales.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is for the Benefit and Service of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, that there be a total Prohibition of the Exportation of all Coney Wool, and Hares Wool, unless at those times when the same shall be under the Price of Seven Shillings per Pound.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the said Resolutions.

Vol. X.

Mr. Boscmven reported from the Committee to whom Building the Bill for encouraging the Building of good and defensible Ships, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read through; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And another Amendment.....made to the Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Officers, Innkeepers, and Clothiers, Army Debt, that served in, quartered, and cloathed, the Army raised by Act of Parliament in 1677, and disbanded by another Act in 1679, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners did, in the former and this Parliament, present their humble Petition to this House: Upon which, the House were pkased to refer the Consideration thereof to a Committee, who were to examine the same, and to state the Petitioners Debts, and to consider of Ways for Payment thereof:

The which the Committee having done, and received divers Proposals from the Petitioners for the raising a Fund for that Purpose, Reports were made from the said Committee of the State of their Debts, as by the Journals of the House will appear: And, upon the last of the said Reports, the Twenty-fifth of November last, a Motion being made for a Supply to be granted to their Majesties for Satisfaction of the Petitioners Debts, the House resolved, That they would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion:' But the Petitioners beg Leave to represent, That no Provision hath yet been made for the Satisfaction of the Petitioners said Debts; for want whereof, many of them are continued in Gaols, and others reduced to very great Extremities;

And, for that several of the Ways proposed by the Petitioners towards their Satisfaction, have been made use of towards the raising the Supplies already granted to their Majesties, they humbly pray, That this House would now take their deplorable Case into Consideration; and give them Leave to offer further Proposals to this House, for the Purpose aforesaid; and that the same may be applied for the Petitioners Satisfaction, by a Bill to be brought in for that Purpose; or that this House would be pleased to give the Petitioners such other Relief as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and they are to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bickerstaffe, Colonel Tytus,

Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Bromley, Sir Thom. Haslerigg, Mr.

Goldwell, Mr. Christy, Mr. Preston, Mr. Freeman, Colonel Kirby, Mr. Price, Sir Wm. Stephens, Sir Fr. Blake,

Sir Jervas Elwes, Sir Wilfred Lawson, Mr. Sir

Wm.Lemon, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Gilbert Clarke, SlrChrislopherMusgrave, Mr.

Pitt, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir John Barker, Sir John William-

son, Mr. Dalben, Sir Jos. Trcdenham, Mr. Hunt, Mr.

Foster, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Whitley, Mr. , Mr.

Holt, Mr. Ogle: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gwyn reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Ix>rds, intituled, An Act for en- stanhope $ abling Philip Lord Stanhope, Son and Heir-apparent of Estate, the Right honourable Philip Earl of Chesterfield, toge-' ther with the said Earl, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Philip Lord Stanhope, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir John Knight reports from the Committee to whom Seamen in the Consideration of the Petition of the Merchants and West India Planters trading to, and interested in, their MajestiesPlan- Tiade.

8 B tations

Leave of Absence.

Gunpowder near the Tower.

Supply Bill; Irish Forfeitures.

Supply Bill; Poll Tax.

Fast India Company.

London

Orphans.

656 2° — 3 0 Februar . 1691.

tations in the West Indies, was referred, That they had considered the same accordingly; and had directed him to move the House, That Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill, for permitting English ships to be navigated with Foreign Seamen to and from the West Indies, during the War.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly: And that Sir Peter Colliton, Sir and Sir John Knight, do prepare the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobby have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Health.

the whole House, to consider further of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a' Clock.

Mercurii, 3' die

3* Gulielmi et Marias.

Ordered, That Mr. Lloyd have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Goldzvell reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing Gunpowder from being kept in Storehouses near the Tower of London, was committed, That

they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards . delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Proviso was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Powder Houses, in the Islands in in the County of

Surry, be excepted out of the Bill.

And the same was read twice; and some Amendments made by the House thereunto.

And the Question being put, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller* for the Yeas '^GilTc}

Tellers for the Noes,|^Irr^;y1/ort'/°"’ j 67.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put,’ That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Palmes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Palmes reports from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments to the same: Which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the Report of several Bills for vesting the forfeited Estates in England and Ireland in their Majesties to be applied to the Use of the War, be made upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a Bill for a Quarterly Poll; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, after the Report of the several Bills for vesting the forfeited Estates in England and Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for establishing an East India Company.

Resolved, That the House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Selling for the vesting several Manors, Lands, and Rents, in Lands in the Counties of Lincolne, Berkes, and Devon, in Trustees, Lincolne, fcc.

to be sold, for the Buying of other Manors and Lands, to be settled for the same, or the like Uses, as those to be sold are now settled, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clarke,

I.ord Bella mount, Sir Robert Davers, Sir

Sir Math.Andrews, Sir John Banckes, Sir Tho.

Sir R. Hart, Mr. IJawtry, Mr. Colt, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Beddingfeild, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Goldwell, LordC'astle-ton, S i rjoh n More ton, Mr. How, Mi. Bicrccr, Mr son, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. England, Mr. Felton, Sir Tho.

Darcy, Sir Win. Forrester, Mr. DoMr. Fuller, Sir Jervas Elxces, Mr. Iicnly, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Hedger,

Mr. Lutterell, Colonel Beamont, Mr. Dainty, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Beare: And they are to meet this After-

noon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Grantham'* for enabling Vincent Grantham, Esquire, to lease Part of Estate, his Manor of Galt hoe in Lincolnshire, for the raising Monies to pay Portions and Debts charged thereon, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Wm. Yorke, Mr. Beake, Sir Edu ard Hussey, Mr. England, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Hyde, Mr. Harley, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Morctcn, Mr.

Sherrard, 'S'vcWtn. Strickland, Mr. Bromley, Air.

Air. Dyot, Mr. Christy, Sir John Sir John Key,

Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Mich. Wentworth, Sir Massam,

Sir Mi.Wharton, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Air. ’haply n, Sir Jos. Williamson, Sir Tho. Serjeant

Mountague, Mr. Maine, and all the Members that serve for the County of Lincolne: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- fountain*'* tituled, An Act for divesting the Manors and Lordships Estate, of Busliwood and Lapworth, and several other Lands, Te-

mements, and Hereditaments, in the County of out of Andrew Fountaine, Esquire, and vesting the same

in Trustees, for raising and paying a Debt due upon a Mortgage thereof, taken in the Name of the said Andrew Fountaine, be read upon Friday Alorning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Causes intituled, An Act for the better Reviewing of Causes in Chancery. Chancery, and other Courts of Equity, be read upon Friday Alorning next, after Eleven a Clock.

A Bill for the Encouragement of such as shall take and Apprehend-apprehend Highwayrfien, was read the First time. ing Highway -

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. men'

A Petition of the Merchants, Planters, and Trailers to, Su-mr Trade, and interested in, their Majesties Sugar Plantations of Nervis, Mountserratt, Anlegoe, St. and

Jamaica, and greatest Part of Barbadwho all import Aluscovado Brown Sugar not clayed, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners having many and great Losses in the presentWar; and being, by Act of Navigation, enjoined

to

Supply Bill; Poll lax.

Irish Forfeitures.

Kiuersley’s

lv>tate.

3 W. G M. 30 — 40 Februarii. 651

bring their Sugars to this Kingdom; which they do with very great Hazard and Charges, both of Freight and Insurance (and, after That, have a very low Market for the same; which is chiefly occasioned by the Refiners lying under such great Encouragements by the Importing of clayed Sugar and Melasscs, together with a very high Duty upon Low Wines, drawn from Alelasses made in England, above that made from Com; that thereby they are disabled to buy their Sugars, but at such Rates, as makes them Losers by them: That, hearing of a Petition of the Refiners lying before this House for some Relief; and that the Relief they crave is a Drawback on their White Sugars, when exported; and that they meet with Opposition therein, through the Suggestions of some Persons, that it would be against the Interest of the Plantations in general to grant it to them; they crave Leave to acquaint this House, That they cannot apprehend it to be any Prejudice; but, as it may enable the Refiners to continue their Works, will be a very great Relief and Help to the Plantations: And that a Drawback on their White Sugars, equal to what the Sugar Clayer hath, will, as they humbly conceive, as it helps them, be beneficial to the Sugar Plantations in general, and to the English Navigation: And humbly praying (inasmuch as their Market or Sale of Sugars here at home depends upon the Support of the Refining of Sugar in; and

that a Drawback, equal to what the Clayer hath, is that which will help them', That this House will take it into their serious Consideration; and grant them Relief in that, or any other such Ways as the House Should seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Consideration of the said Petition of the Refiners of Sugar in England, is referred.

Ordered, That the Barbadoes Planters be heard before the said Committee, touching the Matter of the said Petition.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for a Quarterly Poll.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the said Committee, That they had made a considerable Progress in the Bill; and that they had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned; except the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for raiding Monies upon the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and to inquire into the Proposal of the forfeited Estates there.

Ordered, That Mr. Arnold be added to that Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Joi is,4* die Februarii;

3* Gulielmi et Maria;.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Tho. Kinersleyto make a Lease of Leases,

for Payment of his Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray, Sir Gilb. Clerke, Mr. Brom/y, Sir Darcy, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Tho.Dorrcll, Sir Jer Sir John More-

ton, Mr. Trovers, Mr. I laze try, Mr. Sir fVm.

Honywood, Mr. Christy.Sir Mr.

Vol. X.

Mr. Clerlce, Sir Jos. Trcdenham, Mr. Mr. Christo.

Chetxcin, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir Rob. Davers, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Cary, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Jo. Mr. Pig-

got, Mr. Trcdenham, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Sir

Edward Chisnall, and all the Members that serve for the

Counties of Nottingham and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’*

Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of to enable the Trustees of James late Earl of to

sell the Manor of Hadstockin Essex, for discharging several other Manors and Lands of the said late Earl, from Five thousand Pounds, Remainder of Ten thousand Pounds, by him formerly charged thereon, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Biddolph,

Mr. Gwyn, Sir John Moreton, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Tho.

Haslerigg, Mr. BcddingJ'eild, Mr. Sir

Ekces, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Dou ds Sir Jo. Bo/les,

Mr. Christopher Mountague, Lord Ranetagh, Mr. Dyott,

Air. Robert Mountague, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Levison Gore, Mr. Worthy, Mr.

Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Burdett, Mr. Oneslozo Air. Preston, Sir Hen.Ashurst, Mr. Lloyd, Air Hedger, Mr Air.

Cope, Mr. Chetwynd, and all the Alembers that serve for the Counties of Essex and Suffollce: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act St. rani’# for incorporating the Proprietors of the "Waterworks* in Shad well the Parish of St.Paul's, Shadwell, in the County of ute,"or

dlesex, and for encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said Waterworks, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Encouragement of Woolen Clothiers, and others dealing in Woolen Manufactures, Trade* and for Suppressing of Wool Broggers, and Engrossers of Wool, and Blackwell Hall Factors, be read Tomorrow

Alorning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the belter order- Supply Bill; ing and collecting the Duties upon Low Wines and L"w\vi>nes Strong Waters, and preventing the Abuses therein, be read the Third time Tomorrow Alorning.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Explanation and sup- Set,'enlf'nt plying the Defect of the former Laws, for the Settling ot 1 e oor’ of the Poor, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made in the Bill.

Press Line 17, and Press 4, Line 25, by adding " Riding or Division."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the better Explanation and supplying the Defects of former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor.

Ordered, That Air. Hutchinson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Air. Palmes, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill; ported from the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom English the Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in England in forfeiture*, their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill: The which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon thd Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That their Majesties may extend such Grace and Alercy to Henry Lord Dover, both in his Honour and Estate, as they shall think fit.

And

6$2 40 Febructrii. ' A* 1691*

Supply Bill j And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question

English put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Forfeiture. Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; That nothing therein contained shall extend to impeach or avoid the Letters Patents made by their Majesties, to

thure Earl of Tort'ington, and his Heirs, bearing Date the

Fourteenth Day of May in the Year 1690, for granting unto the said ArthursEarl of Torrington, and his Heirs,

several Parcels of Ground in the Great Level of the Fens, called Peterborrough Level, or Bedford Level, containing, by Estimation, Ten thousand Acres, be the same more or less; which was heretofore granted to Lawrence Earl of Rochester, Sidney Lord and others, and their

Heirs, in the said Letters Patents recited, in Trust for Mary late Queen of En, for her Life.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; That Lord George Hoivard, having surrendered himself, according to their Majesties Declaration in August 1690, be and is excepted out of this Act.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend in any sort to the Manor of Dantsey, with the Appurtenances, or to any the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which in and by certain Letters Patents of their present Majesties, hearing Date the Twelfth Day of January, in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, were granted, or are therein mentioned to be granted, to Charles Earl of Monmouth, and his Heirs.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto, by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; That this Act shall not prejudice, or make void, a Grant or Demise, made by their present Majesties in the Year 1689, to Thomas Preston, of Holier in the County, of Lancaster, Esquire, of certain Messuages, and Lands in Furness in the said County, lately the Inheritance of Sir Thomas Preston, Baronet, for the Term of One-and-twenty Years.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed, or taken, to hinder the completing a Grant intended to be made by their Majesties, for the Augmentation of several poor Vicarages in Wales, and other charitable Uses, out of the Impropriate Rectories of Poole, and Guil-

feild, alias Gillifeild, in the County of Mountgomery, lately held by William Marquis of by Lease for

Three Lives, of Christ Church College in Oxford.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to invalidate, or make void, any Judgment, Statute, Recognizance, Assignment, Charge, Incumbrance, or Conveyance, of what nature soever, whereby any the Forfeitures before-mentioned are made liable, or any ways subjected, to answer, or make good, any Sum or Sums of Money, by any Body Politick or Corporate, or by any Person or Persons whatsoever; other than the Wife, Child, or Heir of any the Persons liable to such Forfeitures, as aforesaid, really, and bona fide, lent and paid on or before the Thirteenth Day of February 1688.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the BilL Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Palmes also reports from the said Committee, to Supply Bill whom the Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland iri*h in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War, Forfeitures, was committed, the Amendments made by the said Committee to the Baid Bill: The which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read, throughout.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Nine a Clock, take into Consideration the said Report; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after they have taken into Consideration the said Report, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for a Quarterly Poll; and nothing to intervene.

The House being acquainted, that the Committee for East India the East India Company attended, according to Order; Company.

They were called in; and, at the Bar, delivered in a Paper, as their Answer to the Proposals the Twenty-seventh of January.

And the same was read; they standing at the Bar; and is as followeth; viz.

At a General Court of the Adventurers for the general joint Stock to the East Indies, holden on Monday the First of February 1697;

This Court, having been acquainted by our Governor,

Deputy, and Committees, with the Proposal of the Twenty-seventh of the last Month, which was made by this honourable House; to which our Answer is required; upon mature Deliberation thereupon, doth humbly return, as follows;

That the Security already offered by some of our Members, by the Order and Direction of a General Court, for making the Stock and Estate of our Company Seven hundred and Forty-four thousand Pounds (all Debts paid,) was grounded upon the Promissory Vote and Resolution of this honourable House, of the Eighteenth of December, That, after such Security given, an humble Address Should be-presented to his Majesty, for confirming the present East India Company, under such Regulations as Should be settled in Parliament, in order to pass the same into an Act.

Which Security, so tendered, has been since approved of by this, honourable House: And if this honourable House shall not think fit to proceed in the Address before mentioned; yet, if the Substance of the said Vote and Resolution be so far preserved, that the present Company be confirmed -by Bill, or otherwise, this Court is still ready and desirous to give the said Security.

But, for giving the same upon the Proposal of the Twenty-seventh of January, this Court, with all humble Submission, desire to be excused; in regard they conceive the said Proposal relates to a Bill lately brought into this honourable House, intituled, An Act for the establishing an East India Company: Which Bill, we humbly conceive, is not consonant to the former Vote and Resolution of the Eighteenth of December, in the very Substance thereof; but, in its whole Contexture, tends to the Destruction of the present Company, by several Clauges therein contained.

And, if this Answer shall not be accepted as satisfactory to this honourable House, it is humbly desired, in Behalf of the present East India Company, That they may be heard by their Counsel at the Bar of this honourable House; to shew, more particularly, Wherein the said now Bill depending is destructive to them; hoping to be so understood by this honourable House, that we do not intend to except against such Regulations that are or shall be thought reasonable for improving the East India Trade.

Signed by Order of the General Court.

Ro. Blackborne, Secretary.

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That the said Answer be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee

of

5 W.tf M.

4° — 5° P

Committees.

Hudson's Bay Company.

in Middlesex, for a real Debt, lent abovfc Twenty Years past: and have recovered Judgment in Ejectment, and are in full and quiet Possession of the Premises; and there is now about Two thousand Pounds remaining behind of the Petitioner’s Debt; which is well secured by the Laws hitherto made: But there being a Bill relating to Bankrupts brought into this House, for compelling Creditors to accept of such a Composition as the major Part shall agree unto; and the Executor of Sir Robert designing to take Advantage thereof, and to conclude the Petitioner thereby, and so to destroy the Petitioners Security, to the Petitioners great Prejudice; and praying, That they might be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, before the said Bill be ingrossed; to shew Reasons against the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Mr. Christy, according to Order, presented to the better Discovery, and more equal Distribution of Bank-House a Bill for the more effectual Execution of a former rupts Estates, is committed.

of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for establishing an East India Company.

Committees. > A Motion being made, and the Question being putj That all Committees be revived;

It passed in the Negatives

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 5*;

3° Gulielmi et Mariee.

Prayers.

Q RDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Clandestine

Mortgages.

Seamen in >V«-st India Trade.

Act concerning the Company trading to Hudsons . And the same was received.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Waller reported from the Committee to whom the

Bill to prevent Erapds by clandestine Mortgages, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read once throughout ;and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Peter Colliton, according to Order, presents to the House a Bill for permitting English Ships to be navigated by Foreign Seamen, to and from the West Indies, . during the War. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir John Knight have Leave to go into the Leave nf Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

A Bill to enable their Majesties to make Leases of the Duchy of Duchy of Cornervall, was read the Second time. Cornwall

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. L*a8U1K‘

Sir Sam.Barnadiston, Mr< Travers, Mr. Harcourt, Sir

Jos. Tredenham, Mr,. Arnold, Mr. ChSir/Cm. Hony-

xeood, Sir John Moreton, Sir Hen. Mr.

Mr. Henly, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Rob.

Henly, Mr. Goldwell, Colonel Titus, Mr. Cary, Sir Jon.

Jenings, Mr. Colt, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Serjeant Tremaine, Mr. Gray, Lord Mr.

Ryder, Mr. Tilney, Sir Richard Temple, Sir WalterYoung,

Sir JTerras Elves, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Biddolph, Mr.

Solicitor General, and the Commissioners of the Treasury, who are Members of the House, and all the Members that serve for the County of Cornwall and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Kinersley's

Estate.

Mr.

Then the House proceeded to take into their Conside- Punishment ration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the of Ofiendcrjj Amendments, made by this House to a Bill, intituled,

Cary reports from the Committee to whom the An Act to take away Clergy from some Offenders, and

Iiish

1 orfeitures.

l ords desire a Conference.

Leave of Absence.

Lank rupts.

ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Kinersly to make a Lease or Leases for Payment of his Debts, was committed, That they had considered the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Roberts, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Norreis, Mr. Beare, be added to the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for the raising Monies upon the Forfeitures of Irish Estates, and for inquiring into the Disposals of Irish Forfeitures.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir James Astry;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire a Conference with this House, this Morning at Eleven of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as they desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Members w ho managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That Major General Trclaunyhave Leave

to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Sir John Massam, Baronet, and Sir Robert Massam, Knight, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners in Sir Robert liner's Life-time, obtained Judg-

ment against him, and executed an Elegit upon his Estate by the Commons having already made some Progress in

Vo L.X. 8 C the

to bring others to Punishment.

And the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press i, Line 31, after " likewise," add " that is to say, shall be burnt in the Hand, by the Gaoler, in open Court; and further be kept in Prison, for such time as the Justices in their Discretion shall think fit; so as the same do not exceed One Year’s Imprisonment."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Then the Managers appointed went to the Conference: Commis-And being returned; s,ontrs of

Sir Joseph Tredenham reports, That they had attended the said Conference: And that the Lord Rochester managed the Conference on the Part of the Lords; and acquainted them, That the Lords had desired this Conference, for the Continuance of the good Correspondence between the Two Houses: And that the Lords were not satisfied with the Reasons given by this House touching the Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An additional Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick Accompts of the Kingdom:

And that they do insist on all their Amendments to the Bill: And that, in answer to the Reasons given by this House against the said Amendments, the Lords gave the Reasons following; viz.

To the First and Second Reasons offered by the Commons, the Lords answer, That the Commissioners named

Accomptsj

M oml'Crs

jmnmoiu d.

654

6° Februa.

A. 1691.

the stating the Accompts; the naming of some new ones can be of no Prejudice to the perfecting that Work; the Nature of taking and stating Accompts being such, that new Men, being joined with others, may be very capable of going on with the Remainder of that Work.

The Lords do agree, That, in the Act passed in the Nineteenth of King Charles the Second, for taking Accompts, the Commissioners thereby constituted were named by the Commons; and the Lords did agree to it, both because they approved of the Number and Quality of the Persons, and because, they being not Members of the House of Commons, they might always be sent for at the Pleasure of the Lords, to explain any Matters relating to those Accompts: But the Lords having now had Experience by the last Act, which constituted no Commissioners but only such as were of the House of Commons, that their Lordships cannot have those Commissioners at any time before them to answer such Questions, or explain such Doubts as their Lordships may have Occasion to inquire into; or even to intimate such Points as seem to have been omitted, either in the Accompts, or the Observations made thereupon; is one very great Reason, Why the Lords have found it necessary to name such in this Bill, as their Lordships may, from time to time, receive Informations from; without which, their Lordships examining into, the Accompts will prove defective and dilatory.

To’ the Third and Fourth Reasons their Lordships reply, That they are unwilling to enter into a Dispute with the Commons, What is the proper Work of either House, in relation to the granting Supplies to the Crown, or taking or examining the Accompts thereof: because they would avoid any Controversies of that Kind with the House of Commons, especially at this time; having by Experience found, that such Debates have frequently been attended with ill Consequences to the Publick: But upon this Occasion, their Lordships conceive it is very plain, That since this Bill provides, that the Accompts shall be laid before the Lords, it must be likewise owned, that it is the proper Work of this House to examine them. And by no means can their Lordships acquiesce in the Reason given by the House of Commons, That, they being the Representatives of all the Commons, no Commoner can be named but by-them; because That would, by the same Parity of Reason deprive their Lordships of the Power of assigning Counsel to any Man impeached by the House of Commons; which, in Cases of Misdemeanor, they have always done: And, by the late Bill for regulating Tryals, in Cases of Treasons, it was agreed by both Houses, That Counsel Should be allowed in Cases of Treason, even upon Impeachments: Which Counsel must have been assigned by the Lords, and out of Commoners.

Lastly, The House of Lords cannot allow the Disposition, as well as Granting, of Money by Act of Parliament, to have been solely in the House of Commons; and much less can their Lordships consent, That the Lords have not always had a Right of naming any Persons to be employed in the Publick Service by Act of Parliament, and assigning them such Salary for their Pains out of the Exchequer, as Should be agreed on in that Act of Parliament: And, for these Reasons, their Lordships do insist on all their Amendments^to the said Bill.

And, after Consideration had of the said Report,

It w as Resolved, That this House.doth insist upon their

Disagree meat with the Lords, in the Amendments to the said Bill.

Resolved, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the said Con-ference, do meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, hj the Speaker's Chamber; and prepare for the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go into 'JVcst-n/inster Hall, and the Court of Requests, and to the several Bars; and summon the Members to attend the Service of the House immediately.

Tellers for the Yeas: (J!r BicMJi,

(Mr. Pig got,

Tellers for the Noes: j^r‘

Which he did do.

And being returned;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Supply Bill; Report, Yesterday, of the Amendments to the Bill for pQ*feiture8 vesting the Forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, or ei " to be applied to the Use of the War.

And several of them were read a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the Amendment, to leave out the Clause, for vesting Estates Tail in their Majesties^ as a Fee Simple;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

} 91*

Mr. Colt, " } n8-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Mon defy Morning next, at

Eleven of the Clock; and nothing to intervene.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Gregory Correspond-and Mr. Baron Panel/; bg with their

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled,

An Act against corresponding with their Majesties Enemies: To which they, desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; after the Committee of the whole House hath sat upon A ax- the Bill for establishing an East India Company, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for a Quarterly Poll.,

Resolved, That the House will, upon Tuesday Morning London next, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Com- 9rkliau*-mittee of the whole House, to consider of further Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 6° die Februarii;

3* Gulielmi et Maria?.

Prayers.

SI R John Bolles reports from the Committee to whom Grantham’*

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act l£sut«. for the enabling Vincent Grantham, Esquire, to lease Part of his Manor of Golthoe in Linfor raising Monies to pay Portions and Debts charged thereupon, was committed, That they had considered the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

Mr. Biddolph reports from the Committee to whom the Earj Suf.

ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to en- folke’sEsute-able the Trustees of Janies late Earl of Suffollre to sell the Manor of Had stock in Essex, for discharging several other Manors and Lands of the said late Earl from Five thousand Pounds, Remainder of Ten thousand Pounds, by him formerly charged thereon, was committed, That they had considered the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments:

And he delivered the same in at the Table.

Mr. Price reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the iisur« more speedy Payment of the Debts of Elizabeth Curtis,

Widow, late deceased, and Performance of an Agreement touching the same, betwcenCharlcs Curt is in his Life-time,

17 and

3 W. M. 6° Februarii. 655

and Edw. Earle, according to a Decree in tire High The Bill was read a Second time.

Court of Chancery, was committed. That they had made Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clarke, several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed Sir T/10. Sir Wliter Young, Sir John

him to report to the House: And which he read in his Sir Robert Mr. Price, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir JVm.

Place, with the Coherence;' and afterwards delivered in Ellis, Mr. Golduell, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Smith, Sir John at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read Sir Mr. Mr. Sir

throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; Mr. England, Mr. Colt, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Palmes,

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Tilney, unto by the House; and are as followeth; Mr. Slater, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Mr. Bathurst,

Press last, Line 4, after " Majesties," add " their Sir Francis Massam, Mr. Done, Mr. Biddolph, Mr.

Heirs;" and, after " and, " leave out " their." Christy, Sir Sir Ro. Clayton, Mr.

Press last, Line 5, after " Success," insert " and the Sir Jerv. Mr. John Mr. Dolben,

Heirs Males of the Body of Nic. Kelson, deceased." Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bennett, Mr Press last, Line 6, after " every," add " other." Carteret, Sir Sir Tho.Littleton, Mr.

Serjeant. Trenchard, Mr. Mr. Sir

Sadler’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tho. Darcy, Mr. Waller, Sir Fran. Drake, Mr. Beare,

Estate. to enable Sir Edwin Sadler, Baronet, to sell Lands to Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Sir Tho. Barnadiston:

pay his Debts,-was read the First time. 1 And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. the Speaker’s Chamber.

Keetile’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act

Estate. to enable John Keeble, Gentleman; to sell certain Lands in StoicMarkett, in the County of Suffolke, and to settle other Lands, of greater Value, to the same, Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vernon’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act

Estate. for the better assuring to George Vernon, and his Heirs and Assigns, Four Acres of Land in in the County of Surry, w as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Tho. have Leave to gp

Absence. into the Country for a Fortnight, for his Health.

Privilege of a A Petition of Sir John Cuttler, Knight and Baronet,

a Member in a Member of this House, was presented and read; set- Suit' ting forth, That the Petitioner is prosecuted upon a Decree made in Chancery, at the Suit of the Lord Lawarr; whereby the Petitioner conceives himself much aggrieved: And praying, That he may be at Liberty to seek such lawful Relief against the said Decree, as his Counsel Should advise, without incurring the Displeasure of the House, or else have Leave to resume his Privilege.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill intituled, An Act for the better Dmy on Low ordering and collecting the Duty upon Low Wines, and mes. Strong Waters, and preventing the Abuses therein, was read the Third time.

Au Amendment w as proposed to be made, by leaving out " February," and inserting " March," instead thereof, in Press 1, Line 11; and Press last, Line 37.

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty upon Low Wines, and Strong Waters, and preventing the Abuses therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords; anti desire their Concurrence thereunto.

I.cave of Absence.

Wo ilen Trade.

Ordered, That Sir Michael Wentworth have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for Encouragement’ of Clothiers, and others, dealing in Woolen Manufactures, and for Suppressing of Wool B. oggers, and Ingrossers of Wool, and Blackwell Hall Factors, was read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time in a full House.

Judges Com- Resolved, That the Bill for ascertaining the Commissions mistsio s and and Salaries of the Judies, be now read a Second time. Salaries. Vo L. X.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Meredith and Mr. Molyneux’s Keck; Estate.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords’ have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vest certain. Lands of William Moly-nett.r, Gentleman, in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, for paying the Portions to his younger Brother and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in the Court of Chancery, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Correspond-against corresponding with their Majesties Enemies, was ingwiihtheit read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. nt

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Treden do go to the Conference Lords; and, desire a free Conference with the Lords, upon desired with the Subject Matter of the last Conference. Lords.

Then the House, according to Order, proceeded to East in(jja take into Consideration the Answer, in Writing, delivered Company, to this House, on Thursday last, by the Committee of the East India Company.

And, after Consideration had thereof,

The Question being stated, That an humble Address Address be made to his Majesty, to dissolve the present East India concerning Company, according to his Power reserved in their Char- East Ilidia ter; and to constitute another East India Company, for Compan^’ the better preserving of the East India Trade to this Kingdom, according to such Regulations as his Majesty, in his Royal Wisdom, shall think fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " according to such Regulations;" and inserting " in such manner."

And the Question being put, That the Words " according to such Regulations" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the -Negative.

Resolved, That, instead of the said Words, be inserted " in such manner."

fSir Tho. Littleton, [Mr. Thompson, /Mr. Cary, (Mr. Goldwell,

85.

1103

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, to dissolve the present E India Company, according to his Power reserved in their Charter; and to constitute another East India Company, for the better Preserving of the East India Trade to this Kingdom, in such manner as his Majesty, in his Royal Wisdom, shall think fit.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of

his Majesties most honourable Privy Council,....

to know his Pleasure, When his Majesty will be attended by this House.

Resolved,

Supply Bill; Pull Tax.

Lords agree to Conference.

Committees.

Bishop of London’s Estate.

Selling lAnds in Lmcolne,&c.

Halfords

Estate*

656 6* — -8° Februarii. A. i<5at.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next (after the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties for the Use of the War, was committed, is over), resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for a Quarterly Poll.

Sir Jos. Trendenham reports, That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a free Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, the Lords do agree to a free Conference accordingly; and appoint the same upon Monday Morning next, at Twelve a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Lunce, 8* die Februarii;

3. Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

MR. Travers reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Bishop of London, and Trustees, to sell the Manor of Bushly in the County of Worcester, Part of the Bishoprick of London, and to purchase other Lands, to be annexed to the said Bishoprick, for the Improvement thereof, was committed, That they had agreed upon

several.....to be made to the said Bill; which they

had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 1, Line 2, leave out " Lands."

Press 3, Line 42, leave out " eve," and insert " every." Press 4, Line 22, leave out " as."

Mr. Clarke reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Manors, Lands, and Rents, in the Counties of Lincolne, Berkes, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, for the buying several Manors and Lands, to be settled to the same or the like Uses, as those to be sold are now settled, w'as committed, That they had agreed upon an Amendment to be made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Press 12, Line 44, after " Money," add " Goods, Chattels, Furniture of Houshold, and other Goods."

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest divers Manors, Lands, and Tenements in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Halford, Knight, deceased, and for Payment of the other Debts of Sir Wm.Halford, now living, prior to his Marriage

Settlement with the Lady Frances his now' Wife, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tito. Hasle-rigg, Mr. Pendarvis, Sir WmFoster, Mr.

Mr. Burdett, Sir 7 'ho. Samuell, Sir 7'ho. Mr.

Kendall, Sir John Jennings, Sir Massam, Sir Wilf. Lawson, Mr. Thornehougk, Mr. Dyot, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Bich erstafe, Mr. Biddtdph, Mr. Christy, Sir Hen.

Gojfc, Sir Eduard Chisnall, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Ciuyu, Mr. Dotcdsudl, Mr. Neal, Mr. England, Mr. Ben-

nett, Sir Sam. Barnadiston, Mr. Bromly, Sir Tho. - distort, Mr. Greenfeild, Mr. Carter, Mr. Travers, Air.

Walter, Mr. Slater, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fenwick, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Chadwick, Sir Jervas Elwes, Air.

Denton, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. BrMr. Air. Hutchinson, Mr. Fortesque: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of James Oliver, Gentleman, was read; Halford'* setting forth. That Sir Wm. Halford, Knight, deceased, E#tat*. Father of Sir Wm. Halford, now of Weltham in the County of Leicester, Knight, was, at his Decease, indebted to the Petitioner, upon Obligation, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: That the said Sir Win. Ha ford, deceased, by his last Will, in Writing, gave Power to several Trustees therein mentioned, to sell all his Messuages,

Lands, and Tenements, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies in his said Will mentioned: That the said Sir Wm. Halford the Son, to whom all the said Alessuages,

Lands, and Tenements, are descended, as Heir at Law to his said Father, hath now a Bill depending in this House, to enable him, or Trustees by him nominated, to sell the said Alessuages, Lands, and Tenements; whereby the Petitioner will infallibly lose his said Debt; the said Sir Wm.having left no Assets: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass, until Sir Halford has paid the Petitioner his Aloney so due, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, be referred to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest divers Manors,

Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Wm. Halford, Knight, deceased, and for ^Payment of the other Debts of Sir Wm. Halford, now living, prior to his Marriage Settlement with the Lady Frances his now Wife, was committed. And also

A Petition of Wm. Walter, was read; setting forth, Ditto. That Wm.Harrison, of London, Taylor, deceased, obtained against Sir Wm. Halford, Knight, a Judgment of One thousand Four hundred Pounds, for Payment of Seven hundred Pounds really due from the said Sir Wm. to the said Wm. Harrison, whose Administrator the Petitioner is in Trust for the Children of the said Wm. Harrison: That the said Sir Wm. hath now a Bill depending in this ..... to enable him, or Trustees by him nominated,

to sell most of his Lands and Tenements; whereby your Petitioner will be altogether disabled from Recovering of the Money due to him, as aforesaid: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass, until the said Sir Wm. Halford has given the Petitioner Satisfaction in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest divers Manors,

Lands, and Tenements, in the County of , in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Wm. Ha ford, Knight, deceased, and for Payment of the other Debts of Sir Wm. Halford, now living, prior to his Marriage ' Settlement with the Lady Frances, his now Wife, was committed. And also

A Petition of Sir James Etheridge, Knight, was read; Ditto, setting forth, That Sir Wm.Halford, Knight, deceased, did, by his last Will and Testament, ifi Writing, give Power unto Dame Elizabeth Halford, his now’ Relict,

Tho. Atkyns and Henry Halford, Esquires, to mortgage or sell ah his Alessuages, Lands, and Tenements, for Payment of his Debts; and also for Payment of divers Legacies given by his said Will: That, at Sir s Decease, there being One thousand Two hundred Pounds due upon a Alortgage of divers Lands in the said County, from the said Sir Wm. (which Alortgage, about Two Years since, became legally vested in John Noell, Esquire), the Petitioner, by Direction of the said Dame Elizabeth Halford, Thomas Atkyns, and Henry Halford, paid to the said John Noell the said One thousand Two Hundred Pounds; and also Eight hundred Pounds to other Persons, the one being a Creditor, the other a Legatee, of the said Sir Wm.; and thereupon the said John ,by such Direction

aforesaid,

r

Fountcyne’s

Estate.

5eamon in West India Trade.

King appoints to be attended.

Members

summoned.

8° — £° Feh657

aforesaid, they joining the rein, assigned the said mortgaged Premises to the Petitioner, for Security of the said several Sums of One thousand Two hundred Pounds, and Eight hundred Pounds; and the Petitioner hath long since preferred his Bill in Chancery, in order to have his Money, or foreclose their Equity of Redemption: That Sir Wm. (to whom all the Premises are descended, as Son and Heir of the said Sir IVm. Halford) hath now a Bill depending

in this House, to transfer the Power given by them the aforesaid Trustees by the Will, to several Persons in the Bill mentioned; and to give them Power to sell all the said Alcssuages and Premisses for Payment of divers Debts in a Schedule to the Bill; wherein no Mention is made of the Petitioner's Debts: Whereby the Petitioner will be greatly prejudiced: Eor, as he is advised, if the Bill Should pass, he Should be barred of taking Advantage of the Covenants in the Assignment; and the Lands, so assigned, are not worth so much as is now due to the Petitioner for Principal and Interest; and will also lose all his Advantage of his Bill in Chancery: And praying That the Bill may not pass, until the said Sir has paid the Petitioner the Money due to him.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest divers Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir IVm.Halford, Knight, deceased, and for

Payment of the other Debts of Sir IVm. Halford, now living, prior to his" Marriage Settlement with the Lady Frances, his now Wife, was committed.

tituled, An Act for the better Reviewing of Causes in Causes in Chancery, and other Courts of Equity, be read upon Chancery. Wednesday Morning next, alter Eleven a- Clock.

Then the Managers appointed went to the free Con- Commis-ference desired on Saturday last with the Lords, upon the sl0ners of Subject Matter of the last Conference: , Accompts.

And being returned;

Sir Jos. Trcdvnham reports, That they had attended the said free Conference, according to the Order of the House; and acquainted the Lords, That this House had insisted on their Disagreeing with their Lordships in the Amendments to the Bill for appointing and enabling Commis- , sioners to examines, take, and state, the publick Accompts

of the Kingdom. .:

-p ..

Resolved, That this House will, Tp-morjovy Alorning Supply Bill; at Ten of the Clock, proceed in the further Consideration Insl1 For* of the Report of tire Amendments to thf Bill for vesting 'eitures' the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties^ to be applied to the Use of \ the War. , \ ,

’; . - , i '

Resolved, That this House will,. Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; after the Consideration of the said Report is over, resolve PoU Tax* itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of the Bill for a Quarterly Poll.

Resolved, That this House will, upQnTftursday Morn- London ing next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Orphans, mittee of the whole House; to consider further of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill from tire Lords, intituled, An Act for the divesting the Manors and Lordships of BusInc cod and Lapworth in the County of War-

rev’e/.', out of Andrew Founteyne, Esquire, and vesting the same in Trustees, for raising and paying a Debt due upon a Mortgage thereof, be now read.

The Bill was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time:

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for permitting English Ships to be navigated with Foreign Seamen to and from the /Vest Indies, during the War, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir John Knight, Sir Rich. , Sir Peter Co/lilon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Colt, Mr. England, Mr. Downy, Mr. Boseowen, Sir Tho. Sir John Carrie, Mr. Travers, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Mr.

Jord, Mr Pitts, Sir Richard OSir

Sir Benj. Nexeland, Sir 77 to.'DarcSir 7 Mr.

Hutchinson, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Slater, Mr. Price, Mr Christy, Mr. Russell, Air

Air. Latte red, Sir Tho. Vernon, Colonel Austin, Colonel Perry, Sir Tho. Barnadiston, Mr. Sir Dorrell, Sir Robert Clayton, Air. , Sir John Fag,

Sir John Low:liter, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir Robert Clayton:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquaints the House, That the Alembers of the House, who are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, had, according to the Order of Saturday last, waited on his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, When his Majesty would be attended by this House: And that his Majesty had appointed Wednesday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall. ‘

Ordered, That the Serjeant dp go into Westminster and to the several Bars there, and summon the Alembers

to attend the Service of the House immediately.

; .: 1 .

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the I^ords, in Vo*.. X.

Ordered, That Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Air , Judges Com-

Air. Beare, be added to the Committee to w hom the Bill missions and for ascertaining the Commissions and Salaries of the Salunes-Judges, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till.Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mortis,9* dieFebruarii;

I -

3° Gulielmi etAlarite.

P raVers. ' ,

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Cambridge r

for confirming the Charters and Liberties of the University University of Cambridge, and the Colleges and 1 lulls Charters

therein, was read the Second time. " 1 ’ 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to ' ‘;

Air. Piggott, Alf: Biddolph, Mr.- LeAir. Christie, Sir ' . , -

Tho.Darcy, Mr. BeddingfeiId, Mr. Air.

well, Sir John Wynn,; lilr.' Hampden, Mr ‘ ' 1 /

Air. Gwyn, Mr. 'brettif, Mr*.1 BurdeSir,

Air. Liilterdll, Mr. Boityer,'MP.Hbw, Air: Freeman,-Mf.

Solicitor General, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sir ‘letinits

Bennet, Mr. Da/ben; S\r Jetxas Elites, SirGiWei tClerk,

Mr. Shackerly, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir John Jyhn

Knight, Sir!Tho. Haslerig, Mr. Smith, Sir John Solfest f Air. Mountague, Mr. Davcnant) Lord. Elan, Air.'.A/

Air. Tredenham, Mr. Musgrave, Air. , and all

the Alembers that serve for the County, University, and Town' of Cambridge, and for the University of Oxford:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four ot 'the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. \ ,; >

An ingrossed Bill from the Lortis, intituled, An Act Vaughan’# for the settling certain Alessuages, Alills, Lands, and Te- Estate. ncmeUts, in the County of Merioneth, upon certain Trustees, to be sold, or mortgaged, towards the Payment of the Debts of IVm. Vaughan and Jenkin Esquires, deceased, was read the Second time.

Resolved,’ That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wynn, Mr. Burdett, Mr. Bickerstqffc, Mr. Party, Air.

8 D Price,

Ealdstreet

Prebend.

Hildyards

Estate.

Butchers not to sell live Cattle.

Duke of

Leinster’s

Nat.

Marquis of Monpovil-lan's Nat.

Recovery of Tythes#

Februarii.

A, 1691.

Price, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Gwyn, Sir John Key, Sir Car. Price, Sir Jero.Elwes, Mr. Piggot, Sir Gilbert Clerke,

Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Sir Tho.SirTho.Darcy,

Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Haxotry, Mr. Holt, Mr. Christie, Mr.

Biddolph, Mr. Philipps, Sir Tho. Bernadiston, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Clerke, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Bulk ley, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Hugh (keen, Mr. Brereton, Sir Tho. Vernon, Colonel Lexiis, Mr. Cope, Mr. Bathurst; and all the Members that serve for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ah ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Halstead to make a Lease for the Improvement of his Prebend of Ealdstreet in the Church of St. Paul in London, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Greenfeild, Mr. Goldwell, Sir Jervas Elwes, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Shackerly, Sir'Tho. Bernadiston, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Brewer, Colonel Perry, Sir Ro Mr. Ha/-court, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Preston, Mr. Piggott, Sir Tho. Mid-

dleton, Mr. Davenant, Mr. Haw try, Colonel Kirby, Mr. Bromley, Sir Edward Chisenall, Mr. Vincent, Sir Edward Abney, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Captain

Reignolds, and all the Members that serve for the County of Middlesex, and Cities of London and Westminster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chrfhiber.

A Petition of Thomas Moreing was read; setting forth, That by the Bill before this House, to enable Doctor Henry Halstead to make one dr more Leases of le C/cre, in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, near Street, the said Doctor will be impowered to do the Petitioner much Damage: And praying to be heard against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill to enable Henry Halstead to make a Lease for the Improvement of his Prebend of Ealdstreet in the Church of St. Paid in London, is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir John Hoskyns;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill intituled, An Act for the better vesting and settling the Manor of East Horsley, in Surry, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment ..... of Philip Hildya Esquire: To which

they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also a Bill, intituled, An additional Act to prevent Butchers from selling live Cattle: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also they have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill for, naturalizing Duke

of Leinster in Ireland. "

Also they have agreed to the Bill for Naturalizing of Arma/id Nompar dc Cannumt, Marquis of Monpooillan, with Amendments: To which they desire the 'Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill for the biore speedy and easy Recovery of small Tythes.

And the same were read; and are as followeth;

1. 4 Skin, Line 7, after " Shillings," add the Clause marked X; viz.

" That no Person who shall make his Complaint to any Justices of the Peace, shall afterwards have any further Remedy in the Ecclesiastical Courts; and that no Persons shall be excommunicated for not obeying the Summons or Sentence of the Ecclesiastical Courts for small Tythes, but upon the Ecclesiastical Judge’s Certificate to Two Justices of the Peace: Who are to grant their Warrant to the Constable, or other Olticer, to levy the same of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender-"

2. Line 12, after "Peace," add "or Ecclesiastical Judge.

3. 5 Skm, Line 8, after " Peace," add " or Ecclesiastical Judge."

4. Line 15, after " Justices," add " or Ecclesiastical Judge."

5. Line 20, after " Peace," add " or Ecclesiastical Judge."

6. Line 6, after " notwithstanding," add the Clause

marked A; viz.

" That in case the Justices of the Peace, or Ecclesiastical Judge, shall refuse to receive such reasonable Security; the Party aggrieved may apply himself to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions:

Who may take such Security."

7. Line 24, for " Authory," read " Authority."

8. 6 Skin, Line 14, after " Peace," add " or Ecclesiastical Judge."

9. Line 34, after " Peace," add " or Ecclesiastical Judge."

10. 7 Skin, Line 1, after " Peace," add " or Ecclesiastical Judge."

11. Line 17, after " Peer," add " or Peeress."

12. Line 22, before "provided," add the Clause

marked B; viz.

" That the Method prescribed for the Recovery of small Tythes, shall be extended to the Recovery of Wages and Dues belongin'* to Clerks and Sextons."

O O

And the First Amendment to the Clause marked X , being thrice read;

The Question was put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.’.

Tellers for the

Tellers for tire Noes {Iw'jZknComn,j

So it passed in the Negative.

The Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon tho1 Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House;

The Sixth Amendment being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made in Line 1, 2, by leaving out " Ecclesiastical Judge;" and, upon , the Question, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment, so amended.

The Seventh Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

The Eleventh Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Twelfth and last Amendment, being Clause B,

W'as read a Second time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding, Line 4, after M Recovery," " Churchwardens Rates;" and was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to the said Amendment, so amended,

O/Y/em/, That Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. C/ar/ie,

Mr. Christie, Sir Jon. Jennings, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Maine,

Mr. Elterick, Mr. Price, Mi\ Solicitor General, Sir

Cotton, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Smith, Colonel Mr.

Buscawen, Mr. Ranelugh, Mr. Slater, do prepare Reason

to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing with the Lords in the said Amendments.

Resolved,'Hiat a Conference be desired with the Conference

Lords upon the said Amendments. desired with

Lards.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply Bill; proceeded in the further Consideration of the Report of Indi For-the Amendments from the Committee to the Bill for vest- IrU, IIe!u

17 big

W. &. M. 10

ing in their Majesties the forfeited Estates in to

be applied to the Uses of the War.

And the Residue of the said Amendments being severally read a Second time, some of them were agreed, and others disagreed'unto, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Manor, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever in Ireland, of John Lord Caron of , JValter

Belew, Esquire, Sir John Fle, Knight, and Euatall, Esquire, and every of them, and the Manor of Dooth and Prbudsfoot in the Barony of Slane, and County of Meath, already granted by their Majesties to Henry Lord Viscount Sidney, one of their Majesties Principal Secretaries of State, or to others, in Trust for him, shall be surrendered unto their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, by the said Lord Viscount Sidney, his Heirs or Assigns, before the First Day of May in the Year of our Lord 1692: And that it shall and may be lawful to and for their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors within the Space of Six Months after such Surrender made as aforesaid, to grant and assure unto the said Henry Lord Sidney, his Heirs and Assigns, other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Ireland, vested or declared forfeited, or to be forfeited by this Act, as shall be equal in yearly Value,

- Worth, and Purchase, to the Premises so hereby intended to be surrendered; whereby the said Lord Viscount Sidney his Heirs and Assigns, shall and may be fully reprised: Which said Grants and Assurances thereof shall be good and effectual in Law; and the said Lord Sidney, his Heirs and Assigns, shall be capable of accepting thereof.

And the same was twice read; and, with an Amendment made by the House, by filling up the Blanks for the Times therein, was agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For their Majesties to grant to any Persons, as a Reward for their Service, any of the Lands and Hereditaments vested in their Majesties by virtue of this Act, so as such Lands and Hereditaments do not exceed in Value of the

whole Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so vested in their Majesties, to any such Person or Persons, as a Reward for his or their Service.

And the same was twice read.

And the Question being put, That the Blank be filled up with, "Thirty thousand Pounds;"

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Blank be filled up with " One Third Part of the Whole; "

The same was agreed unto; and the Clause agreed unto by the House, be made Part of the Bill.

A Proviso was offered to be added to the Bill, For the Clerk of the Council in Ireland, That he now in Possession shall hold the same.

And the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That it may be lawful for their Majesties to grant to James Duke of Ormond, and his Heirs, any of the Forfeitures made by this Act, or any other Means within, or on, any the Estate or Estates of the said Duke.

And the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That their Majesties may extend such Grace and Favour to Charles Earl of Abercorne, of the Kingdom of Scotland, as to the Honour of Straban in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Estate of Claudius late Earl of Abercorne, and Baron of Straban, forfeited to their Majesties, as their Majesties shall think fit. And that any Grant to be made by their Majesties to the said Earl, of the same, or any Part thereof, may be good in Law.

And the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing in this Act shall extend to attaint, or be otherwise prejudicial to, 27i Esquire, Son

Vol. X.

Februarii. 59

arid Heir-apparent of Win.Lord Baron of Kerry and sUpPiy Bill;

LiXlUCW. Irish For-

And the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the feiturei. House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Office of Usher of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, taken by Tho. Tilson, senior, in the Name of Oliver Grace of Dublin, Gentleman, in Trust for the said Tilson, shall not be forfeited by any Act of the said Oliver , by not taking the Oaths, and subscribing the Declaration, or otherwise; but that the said Tho. Tilson, subscribing and taking the Oaths, may enjoy the said Office.

And the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That the Lands and Tenements of the Persons, comprised within the Benefit of any the Articles and Agreements, shall be charged with the Payment of such Sums as by any the said Articles it is agreed they Should be.

And the same was twice read; and agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That no Person Should have the Benefit of the Act, who did not take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration, mentioned in an Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign!

And the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause, on the Behalf of the Bishop of was offered to be added to the Bill.

And the Question being put, That the same be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause, on the Behalf of #, was offered to be added to the Bill.

And the Question being put, That the same be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Supply Bill; at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into Committee of the Poll Tax. whole House, to consider further of the Bill for a Quarterly Poll.

A Petition of Henry Roberts, in Custody of the Ser- Privilege — jeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Petition from Privilege by him committed against John a n in

Esquire, a Member of this House, was read; whereby he ° acknowledged his Offence, and begged Pardon for the same; and prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Henry Roberts be brought to the Bar of tin’s House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 10* die Februarii;

3® Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

JEW IS Jaques le Vassaer took the Oaths, in Order to his Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Newton’s for settling the Manor and Lordship of King's Bromley, Estate, and other the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Barbara Ken ton', Widow, Relict of Newton, lute of the Island of Barbadoes in America,

Esquire, deceased, and John Newton, Son and Heir of the said Samuell by the said Barbara, was read the Second time.

Resolved,

t

66o

10" Februa

A. 1691.

Puke of

Grafton's

Estate.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jercas Ek es, Sir Mathew Andrews, Mr. Mr.

rourt, Mr. Burdctt, Mr. Perry, Mr. Sir Robert

Clayton, Sir Edward Chisnall, Sir John Mr

Sir 7 ho.Vernon, Mr. Dyett, Mr. Serjeant

Raymond, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Hautrey, Mr. Christy, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Thornehongh, Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Campion, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Machalt, Sir Gilb. Air. Chclxcynd, Sir Jl vi. Lemon, Mr. Price, Mr. Ryder, Sir John Cary, Sir Francis Massam, Sir Sam.Ba Air. Frelaxcney,

and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Derby and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at l our a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground in the Parishes of St. James and St. the Fields, late

the Estate of Henry Duke of deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Walter Young, Sir Tho. Barnardislon, Mr. Sir

Yorke, Mr. Gold-well, Sir Jerc Ekes, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Sir Levinas Bennet, Mr. Freeman, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Ji m. Ellis, Mr. H aller, Sir Bcvil Air. Campion, Mr. Greenfei/d, Mr. Mr. Ogle, Air.

Lutlcrell, Mr. Beddingjei/d, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Hautrey, Sir John Bollcs, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Ilcnly, Mr. Christy, Mr. Bennet, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Air. Fuller, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. England: And they are to meet this Afternoon at lour a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

I.onl-- de-ire A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir John and

aCunk-jcnee. Sir Robert Legat'd’,

Air. Speaker, The Lords do desire a free Conference with this House, this Day at One a Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference.

And then the Alesscngers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House do agree to a free Conference with the Lords, as they do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again: And Air. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

St. Paul’s An ingrossed trill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

Miariwell incorporating the Proprietors of the Waterworks in the Waterworks. parjs|, of St.Paul, Shadwin the County of Middlesex',

and for the encouraging, carrying on, and settling the saitl Waterworks: was redd the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, unto Sir Mathew Andrewcs, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Gray, Sir John Bowles, Sir Robert Henly, Mr. Christy, Mr. Hampden, Air. 1 Valler, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Sir Christopher Mu-grave, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sir

John Parsons, Sir John Air. Parsons, Mr. Dyot,

Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Jetras Ekes, Air.

Air. Robinson, Mr. GwAir. A Air. Gold-well, Mr. Lutlcrell, Mr. Howard: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Privilege_ Henry Roberts, in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns,

a Person was, according to the Order Yesterday, brought to the discharged Bar: Where, upon his Knees, he received a Reprimand trom custody. from Air. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Henry Roberts be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Privilege — A Petition of John Johnson, in Custody of the Serjeant

Petition from at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege custody" m ky him committed against John Backwell, Esquire, a Alcmber of this House, was read; whereby he acknowledged his Offence; and begged Pardon for the same; and prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said John Johnson be brought to the

Bar of this House Tomorrow: Alorning, in Order to his

Discharge. * / . i

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply Bilj; resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Foil lax-consider further of the Bill for a Quarterly Poll. /

Air. Speaker left the Chair.:

Air. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee. . '

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reported from' the Committee

That they bad made a considerable Progress iiv the . Bill;

And had directed liim to move the House, That ;thej might have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, after the Return from the free Conference, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further; upon the said Bill./

’ / .; 1 - .!

Then the Alanagers appointed w ent to* the fitce Con-t Commis- ' ference with the Lords.; . ' sionersot"

And being returned; 1: Account*,

Sir Edward Seymour reports, That the Alanagers had attended the free Conference; and that the Lord Rochester* managed the same on the Part of the Lords: And brough# the Bill, and read the Title of it, For appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick Accompt of the Kingdom: And acquainted them, That the Reasons given at the last Conference had been reported to the Lords; and that they had had due Consideration of them: But that, notwithstanding, they did not depart from their Amendments to the Bill; but did adhere to their Amendments: And delivered the Bill and Amendments back again. And the same were brought up to the Table.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to search and inspect the Journals and Precedents touching the Alethods of Conferences, and free Conferences between the Two Houses: and to report the same to the House.

And it is referred unto Air. Ilurly, Sir Peter Cotliton,

Sir Joseph Tredenham, Mr. Christy, Sir Musgrave,

Sir John Guise, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Attorney General,

Air. Herbert, Sir Robert Sawyer, Air. , Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Edu ard Seymour, Mr. Clarke, Air. tague. Sir Chr. Seid/ey, Sir Rich.Temple, Air. dyer.

Air. Smith, Colonel Tytus, Colonel Sir

Young, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Boscoxccn, Serjeant 1 Vagan,

Air. Palmes, My Gwyn; or any Five of them: And they are to make their Report with all convenient Speed.

Ordered, That a Report of the Two last free Conferences be made to the House upon Saturday Alorning next

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself Supply Rill; into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon Poll Tux. the Bill for a Quarterly Poll. '

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Coiiv. mittee. . i

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reported from the said Committee, That they had* gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments to the same; which they bad directed him to report to the House. < ,

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Alorning next, at Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom ju^ocs Com-the Bill for ascertaining the Commissions and Salaries of missions ami the Judges, was committed, be made Tomorrow Alorning Salaries, alter Eleven a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Eight a Clock.

Answer to Address.

Sadter*

Lsute.

Hildeyard’g

E*laLe.

Pelham's

Estate,

Kecble’s

Estate.

3 W. Of- M. 11* Fetruar 66 r

Jovis, 11* die;

3* Guliehni et Maria:.

Prayers.

MU Speaker reports to the House, That he did Yesterday present to his Majesty their humble Address touching the East India Company: And that his Majesty was pleased to express himself to this Effect: That it was a Matter of very great Importance to the Trade of this Kingdom; and that it could not be expected, that he Should give a present Answer to it: But that he would take Time to consider of it; and, in a Short time, give this House a positive Answer*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Edwyn Sadler, Baronet, to sell Lands to pay his Debts, w-as read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Buscawen, Mr, Hawtrey, Colonel Mr.

Harcourt, Mr. Travers, Mr. How, Mr. Braver, Mr. Cooke, Sir Jon. Jennings, Sir John Cary, Mr. Brmmlow, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Jervas Elwes, Mr. Freman, Mr.

Bathurst, Mr. Berty, Sir John Key, Mr. Howard, Mr. Walter, Sir Robert Henly, Mr. Mr.

England, Mr. Fuller, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr/ Perry, Mr . DmeSir Jos. Williamson, Mr. Clarke, Sir Richard Sir IVm. Lemon,

Mr. Morris, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Pigol, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Christy, Mr. Vincent, Sir Peter Col-

Ulon; and all the Members that serve for the County of Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better vesting and settling the Manor of East Horsley in Surry, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts of Philip Hildeyard, Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for securing, out of some of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of -Charles Pelham, of Brockelsby in the County of Lincolne, Esquire, the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, with Interest, and One thousand Pounds, unto Anne Pelham, eldest Daughter of the said Charles,

was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley, Mr. Pelham, Sir Tho. Hussey, Sir John Cotton, Mr. How, Mr. Hmvtry, Mr. Slater, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir John Key, Mr. Thornehough, Mr. Piggot, Mr. Waller, Mr. Christy, Mr. Henly, Sir Jervas Elwes, Mr. Alaine, Mr. Gotdwell, Mr. Travers, Mr. Lutterell,

Sir Tho. Ilaslerigg, Sir Robert Henly, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Dyot, Mr. England, Sir Pelham, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Lin-colnc and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Keeble, Gentleman, to sell certain Lands in Stow Market in the County of Suffolke; and to settle other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goldwell, Sir Robert Henly, Sir Jervas Elwes, Mr. Henly, Mr. Robinson, Sir John Came, Mr. Ogle, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Travers, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Tho.

Barnardiston, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Air. Bennet, Mr.

Waller, Mr. England, Mr. Christy, Mr. Fuller, Air.

Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Norris, Mr. Air. Carey,

Air. Haxctrey, Mr. Davenant, Mr. Sir Edward

Abney, Mr. Chase, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norj'olke and Suffolke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vo uX.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Myles Cookb and Punishing Sir James Asti'ey; ' Mutiny and

Air. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, in- Desertion, tituled, An Act for the Punishing of Mutineers and Deserters, preventing false Musters, and paying the Army, according to the Musters of effective Men; and for th^ better Paying of Quarters; with some Amendments; . they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Aiessengers withdrew.

Sir Samuell Barnardiston reports from the Committee Seamen in to whom the Bill for permitting English Ships to be navi- "Wert Indi* gated with Foreign Seamen to and from the West Indies, ^rade* during the War, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were agreed, and others disagreed, unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir#7 cilterYoungreported from the Committee to whom Judge* Com-

the Bill for ascertaining the Commissions and Salaries of aDd

the Judges, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then at Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Air. Goldwell reports from the Committee to whom Butter and the Bill for the remedying the Abuses in Weighing and Cheese false Packing of Butter, was committed, That they had Trade* agreed upon several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act London for Relief of the distressed Orphans of the City of London, Orphans, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bowyer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bowyer reported from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon several Resolutions: Which they _ had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning, after the reading the ingrossed Bills for the vesting the forfeited Estates in England and Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War.

John Johnson was, according to the Order of Yesterday, Privilege-brought to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Person dis-a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker. charged from

Ordered, That the said John Johnson be discharged out CU8t *

of Custody, paying his Fees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow -Morning, Eight a. Clock.

E

Milford's

Estate

Vtrnon’i

Estate*

HildyardTs

Estate.

Preventing

Ducaty

Hartford

Roads.

Apprehend* ing Highway men.

Clandestine

Mortgages.

Copyholds subject to Debts.

661'

i a® Februdrii.

A.\6y\.

Veneris, 12* die;

Prayers.

3* Gulielmi et Manse.

SIR Samuell Bamardiston reports the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest divers Manors, and Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir JVm.HalfordKment, deceased; and for Payment of the other Debts of Sir Halford, now living, prior to his Marriage Settlement with the Lady Frances his now Wife.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingro6sed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better assuring to George Vernon, and his Heirs and Assigns, Four Acres of Land in in the County of Sunry, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jercas Elzoes, Sir Edward Chisnall, Mr. Sir Tho.

Bamardiston, Mr. Waller, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Hawtrey, Mr. Travers, Mr. Christy, Mr. Cooke, Sir Robert Sir Tho. Haslerigg, Mr. Piggot, Mr. Bale, Sir

Sir Jon. Jennings, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. England, M yer, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir Roger leston, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Dowdswell, Mr. Thornehough,

Mr. Moreton, Sir Peter Colliton, Mr. Mr.

hurst, Mr. Lavknor, Mr. Slater, and all the Members that serve for the County of Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Aningrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better vesting and settling the Manor of East Horsly in Surrey in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of Philip Hildyard, Esquire, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Mr. Burdett, Mr. Hawtrey, Sir Peter Colliton, Mr. Pig-got, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Travers, Major Vincent, Mr. Lewis, Sir Char.Carterett, Sir Tho. Darcy, Colonel Tytus,

Mr. Machell, Mr. Biddolph, Mr. Cooke, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Walls, Sir Edward Chisnall, Sir Joseph Tre-denham, Mr. Dowdswell, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Mansell, Sir Roger Pulleston, Colonel Mr.

Sir Tho. Bamardiston, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Greerroill, Mr. Cary, Mr. Lewknor, Mr. Price, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Hide, Sir Sir

Strickland; and all the Members that serve for the County of Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill against Duelling; and for preventing the Mischiefs arising the reby: And that Major Vincent do prepare and bring in the same.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning: next, at Nine a Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, tQ consider of the Bill for reviving a former Law for Repair of Highways in the County of Hartford.

A Bill for the Encouragement of such as shall take and apprehend Highwaymen, was read the Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to

Sir Wm. Strickland presented to the House a Bill for Court of the erecting a Court of Claims in Ireland. And the same Claim, in was received. Ireland.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That tile Bill be read a Second timet

An ingrossed Bill from the" Lords, intituled, An Act Cause* in for the better Reviewing of Causes in Chancery, and other Chancery. Courts of Equity, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the encouraging the Building of Building good ana defensible Ships, was read the Third time. Ships.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, in the Bill,

Line 16, by inserting measuring Six hundred Tons, at least."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do passAnd that the Title be, An Act for the encouraging the Building of good and defensible Ships.

Ordered, That Lord Paradet do carry. the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in Supply Bill England in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of English the War, was read the Third time. Feature*.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in Press 2,

Line 16, by leaving out " had."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider to the Bill; That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to forfeit to, or vest in, their Majesties, any the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Estates, Annuities, or Interest of Burn Talbot, Esquire; but that the same may be enjoyed as if this Act had not been made.

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider to the Bill; That nothing in this Act shall extend to forfeit or vest in their Majesties any the Estate or Interest of Adam Colclough, Esquire; but that the same may be enjoyed as if this Act had not been made.

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider to the Bill; That this Act shall not extend to Thomas Panton Esquire, who wras a Minor at the time of any supposed treasonable Act by him committed, who deserted tlipir Majesties Enemies soon after the Battle at the Boyne; and hath since taken the Oaths of Allegiance to their Majesties.

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question

Jut thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made 'art of the BUI.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for vesting the forfeited Estates in England in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Frauds by clandestine -An ingrossed Bill for. vesting the forfeited Estates in Supply Bill Mortgages was read the Third time. Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of Ir«h For-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, the War, was read the Third time. feiture*.

An Act to prevent Frauds by clandestine Mortgages. A Petition of Sir John Trevor was read; setting forth,

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the That Donough, late Earl of in Ireland, being

Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto. seised of a very considerable Estate there, together with

CV/arZe* Lord Viscountd/asc/g/ his Son, and Ileir-apparent, 1 A Bill for the subjecting Copyhold Estates to the Pay- did the Eighteenth of January i Cfi i, borrow of Arthur ment of Debts, and for the better enabling the Lords of Trevor, to whom the Petitioner is Executor, the Sum of Manors to recover Fines, was read the First time. Nine hundred Pounds; and, for Security thereof, with

And the Question being put, That tire Bill be read a Interest, did then enter into Obligation, and thereby ob-Second time; liged themselves, their Heirs, in the penal Sum of

It passed in the Negative. One thousand Eight hundred Pounds, for Payment of

JSine

W. <9? M* 12° Felruar

Nine hundred Fifty-four Pounds, the Twentieth-January 1662, as by the Bond annexed to' the Petition might, appear: That the said Lord Muscry was killed at Sea; and soon after the said Donough, Earl of Clancarty, died;

and the Land, #c» of the said Earl descended to

his Second Son Callaghan, who likewise died, leaving the said Land to descend to Donough, now Earl of his Son and Heir, an Infant; by reason whereof he could not be sued, during his Minority, as Heir, for the said Debt; and is lately come of Age: And inasmuch as the said Estate is now forfeited by the said Donough for High' Treason; and that the said Debt, with Interest, remains unpaid, and justly due to the Petitioner; and the Petitioner praying. That a Clause might be added to the Bill depending before this House, for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, that their Majesties, if they so please, might assign and set out a Part of the Estate, that was Earl Donough's the Obligor’s, to the Petitioner, until the Petitioner shall be satisfied his said Debt of Nine hundred Pounds, and Interest

And also the Bond annexed was read.

And an ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill; That, notwithstanding any thing in tins Act contained, it may be lawful for their Majesties,. their Successors, to grant and assign unto Sir John Trevor, Executor of Arthur Trevor, Esquire, deceased, any Lands, which were the Lands of Donough late Earl of Clancarty in Ireland, deceased, which are forfeited to their Majesties for High Treason, by Donough Earl of Clancarty, Grandson and Heir of the said Donough Earl of Clancarty deceased, until the said Sir John Trevor, his Executors, <§pc. Should be thereout paid the Sum of Nine hundred Pounds Interest and Damage for the same; which said Debt was due to the said Arthur Trevor upon a Bond, dated the 18 Day of January, 1661, and entered into by the said Donough Earl of Clancarty the Grandfather, deceased, and Charles Lord Viscount Muscry, his Son and Heir-apparent; and wherein they obliged themselves, their Heirs, 8$c. in the Penalty of One thousand Eight hundred Pounds, for Payment of the Sum of Nine hundred Fifty-four Pounds on the Twentieth of January 1662: And that the said Sir John Trevor, his Executors and Assigns, shall hold and enjoy the said Lands so to be granted and set out accordingly.

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider to the Bill; That in case Colonel Synion Lutterell do not, within the Time prefixed, in a §aving made for him in the Fourth Article of Lynicriclc Articles, submit to their Majesties

Government, and otherwise pursue the Tenor of the said Articles, their Majesties may extend such Grace and Favour unto his Brother Colonel . as to the Estate of the said Symon, as they shall think fit: And that any Gift or Grant to be made by their Majesties to the said Henry Lutterell, his Heirs, $c. of the said s Estate

real and personal, or any part thereof, shall be good and effectual in the Law: And that the said Henry Lutterell, his Heirs, 8$c. shall and may hold and enjoy the same, according to such Grant, and the Limitations, subject to such Debts and Incumbrances of the said Colonel Symon Lutterell, as tire same now stands charged with; this Act, pr any Clause therein contained, notwithstanding.

And the same was read.

And the Question being put, That the Proviso be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

<t> 11 c v /Sir Tho. Bamardiston, j ,,

Tellers for the Yeas,|Mr Co^ 25.

rrn c .1 xt , /Sir Rich \

Tellers for the Noes,|M^ j ,09-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Christopher Wray, was read; setting forth That the Petitioner hath served their Majesties faithfully for Three Years past, and he is still ready so to do with Vol. X.

Life, and Fortune: That he is Son and Heir-apparent to Sir Supply Bill; Drury Wray his Father, and of Anna his Mother: And *nsh for* that the Petitioner’s Mother, with Nine Children, are Protestants; and were Inhabitants of Limerick at the time of the Surrender thereof; and the Petitioner's said Mother is possessed of an Estate of Inheritance in her own Right; which, by reason of the Petitioner's Father be-' ing in Arms for the late King James, is forfeited for his Life to their Majesties I And in regard the said Estate is incumbered with several Mortgages, and-younger Childrens Portions; and in respect of the Petitioner’s Father’s great Age; and of the Petitioner’s faithful Service to their.

Majesties; the Petitioner praying. That a Clause may be admitted into the Bill of Irish Forfeitures, for their Majesties to extend such Grace and Favour to the Petitioner, both as to the Honour of Baronet, which his Father is of England, and the said Estate, during his Father’s Life, as to their Majesties shall seem meet, for the Support of his Mother, and Nine Children.

And an ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider to the Bill; That their Majesties may extend such Grace and Favour to Captain Christopher Wiray, Son and Heir apparent of Sir Drury Wray, Baronet, both as to the Honour and Estate of his Mother, which is forfeited to their Majesties, during his Father’s Life, as their Majesties shall think fit;' and that any Gift or Grant to be made by their Majesties to the said Captain Wray, his Heirs, 8$c. of the said Honour and Estate, or any Part thereof, shall be good and effectual in the Law; and that the said Captain Wray shall and may enjoy the same, according to such Grant so to be made by their Majesties; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And the same was thnee read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Riderto the Bill; That a Third Part of the Forfeitures, by this Act reserved to the Disposal of their Majesties, shall be disposed and given to such Military Officers and Soldiers, as their Majesties shall think fit, who actually served in the Wars in Irelandvn Person there, since the ThirteenthDay of February 1688, and to no other Person or Persons whatsoever.

And the same was thrice read.

And the Question being put, That the same be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeU^for theY^olo^, j 86.

Men, for the Noee,{^"> } 57,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider to the Bill; That whereas the Quakers do scruple the taking any Oath; be it therefore hereby further provided and enacted, That it shall be sufficient for every such Person to make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity contained in an Act, made' in the last Parliament, intituled,

An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws.

And the same was twice read.

And the Question being put, That the same be read the Third time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yea,.{^l, } 63.

Telto for the Noes,} 66.

So it passed in the Negative.

' An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider to the Bil/j That # #.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put. That the same be read a Second time.

It passed in the Negative,.

Another

664 I — 130

Supply Bill; Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill; That their Majesties shall not make any Grant of m «ture». other forfeited Estates, than what shall be comprised within such Share of Forfeitures, as their Majesties have Power to grant and dispose of by virtue of this Act; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, that the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider to the Bill; That nothing the rein, contained shall be construed to extend to hinder or prevent his Majesty from making a Grant to Robert Lord Baron of , and his Heirs,

of all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whereof, John King, Esquire, the Brother of the Lord Kingston, or any other Person or Persons, in Trust for the said John King, is or are now seised of in the said Kingdom of Ireland; but that his Majesty may grant the same to the said Lord Kingston, and his Heirs; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

And the same was once read. '

And the Question being put. That the same be read a Second time,;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Ridfer to the Bill; For the Creditors of the Earl of , That

the Grant to him may be subject nevertheless to such Debts and legal Incumbrances of the said Claudius, late Earl erf Abercome, as the said Estate, or any Part thereof, were liable to, or chargeable with, in case the same bad not been forfeited.

And the same was thrice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed upon to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill; That whereas Sir Tho. Southwell, and his Brother Wm. Southwell being made Prisoners and condemned, for adhering to this present Government, was forced, for Preservation of their Lives, and to make their Escapes, to pretend to serve the late King James; therefore be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to deem the stud Sir

well, or his Brother Wm. Southwell, forfeiting Persons. And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed upon to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill; That all Impropriations, or Impropriate Tythes, forfeited to, or vested in their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, by this Act, or otherwise forfeited or escheated, to their Majesties, m Right of the Crown, if there be no Lease or Leases thereof in being unforfeited, or otherwise as soon as the anforfeited Lease or Leases shall be expired, and in the mean time the reserved Rents of such Leases are hereby given to the Church for ever; and hereby are, and for ever shall be, settled and established upon the present and future Incumbent, and their Successors, which have, or shall have, actual Cure of Souls in their respective Parishes, wherein such Impropriations are, and such Impropriate Tythes do arise and accrue; and that all Leases let or demised for any certain Term of Years, yet unexpired, by any Archbishop, Bishop, Dean, Dean and Chapter, or other Ecclesiastical Person or Persons, er their Successors, in their Politick Capacity, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so unto them belonging or appertaining, and that are by this Act forfeited, and vested in their Majesties; that all and every such Land and Tenements so forfeited, and the Remainder of the Term of Years yet to come and unexpired of such Lease or Leases, shall be,

and are, hereby, given and assigned unto the respective

Sees, or Bodies Politick, to whom the Reversion, after such Lease or Leases, do or shall, of Right, belong.

And the same was thrice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill. Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider to the ' Bill; viz. Saving always to Conner O Brien, Esquire, and his Heirs, all his Right, Title, and Interest, in Law or Equity, in or to any Manors, Lands, and Tenements,

*7

Februarii, A. 1.691.

now or late in the Possession of Daniell Lord Viscount Clare in Ireland', any thing in said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And the same was thrice read; and upon the Question, put thereupon, agreed upon to be made part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill df> pass: and that the Title be, An Act for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmes do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the' London whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways Orphans, to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London, be made Tomorrow Morning after the Report of the Two last free Conferences is over.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 13° die Februarii;

4® Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

MR. Harcourtreports from the Committee to whom Newtons

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Usute.

Act for settling the Manor and Lordship of King's Bromley, and other the Messuages,. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Barbara Newton, Widow, Relict of Samucll Newton, late of the Island of Barbadoes, in America, Esquire, deceased, and John Newton, Esquire,

Son and Heir of the said Samuell by the late Barbara, was committed, that they had considered the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

Mr. Christy reports from the Committee to whom the Cambridge ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for con-' University firming the Charters and Liberties of the University of Charters* Cambridge, and the Colleges and Halls therein, was committed, That they had considered the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

Then the’House proceeded to take into Consideration Monpmlion* the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Nat*

An Act for Naturalizing of Armand Nompar deCaumaunt,

Marquis of Mottpouillan :-And the same, being read, are as followeth; viz.

In the Title, after " Caumaunt," add " commonly called; and, after " Monpouillon," add " and others."

1st Skin, 4 Line, after " Caumaunt,"add "commonly

called."

9 Line, after " Guinnee," insert " Godart Baron de Ginckle, Son of the Baron of A/nerotigen, born at Utrecht in the Province of Utrecht, and John James Nicholai, Son of John Christophe?'Nicholai, and Margarethea Elizabeth,

his Wife, born at Dresden in the Electorate of Saxony J Line 11, for " his," read " their."

21, after " Monpouillon!'add " Baron de Ginckle, and John James Nicholai."

24, for " he is," read " They are."

28, for " he" read " they."

32, after " Monpouillon," insert, Godart Baron de Ginckle, and John James Nicholai."

33, for " is," read " are."

40, for " his," read " their." a Skin, 1 Line, for " Resort or Pedigree, as Heir to his," read "several Resorts or Pedigrees, as Heirs to their respective."

6 Line, after " him," read " or them."

9, for " he," read " they." j 5, lor " lie," read " they."

Line

Bishop of

Londons

Estate.

Lord

Stanhope’s Estate. "

W. fif M. if Februarii. 661

Line 16, after " Monpouillon? add "Goddart Baron de Gincklc, and John James Nicolai."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by adding the Name of " Lewis de "

throughout.

And thereupon a Certificate was produced of his having received the Sacrament, according to the Usage of the Church of England; and Witnesses thereto were also produced, and examined, at the Bar, to the Truth thereof.

Whereupon, the Name of the said Jaques de

Vasseur was agreed by the House to be added to the said Amendments made by the Lords.

And the Amendments made by the Lords were, with the said Amendments made by this House, agreed unto by the House: Which Amendments are as followeth; viz.

After " Sa.iv/ii/," add " Lewis J Coyny,

Son of George le Vasseur Coyny, commonly called Marquis of Thouars, and Anna his Wife, born at Thanars in the Province of Maiens in Fra."

After "Nicolai"add "and Laces Jaques le Vasseur

Coyney."

After "Nicolai," add "and Jaques le Vasseur

Coyny."

Alter " Nicolai," add " and Laois Jaques le Vasseur Coyny"

Ordered, That do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships; with some other Amendments, to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Bishop of London, and Trustees, to sell the Manor of Bushlcy in the County of Worcester, Part of the Bishoprick of London, and to purchase other Lands, to be annexed to the said Bishoprick, for the Improvement thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass; and the Title agreed.

Ordered, That Mr. Tracers do carry the Bill to the Lards; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Then the Amendments, made by the ComVnittee to whom the ingrossed Bill firoih the’ Lords, intituled, An Act for the enabling Philip Lord Stanhope, Son and Heir apparent of the Right honourable Philip Earl of toge-

ther with the said Earl, to make a Jointure and Settlement, upon the Marriage of the said Philip Lord Stanhope, was committed, were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press # , Line 9, leave but from " Body" to "with," in Line 12; and, instead thereof, insert Clause A; "As for, touching, or concerning all the same Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Derby, Nottingham, Leicester, York, and Warwick, ekeept those of or in Shelford, Newton, and Saxendale, in the said County of Nottingham, to the Use and Behoof of the Daughters of the said Philip Lord Stanhop, by such Woman as he shall first marry, and the Heirs of the Bodies of such Daughters; find, in Default of such Issue, to the Use and Behoof of the said Philip Earl of Chesterfeil his Heirs and Assigns for ever: And as to the same Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, so excepted as aforesaid, to the Use arid Behoof of the said Philip Earl of his

Heirs and Assigns for ever, to enable him to' settle the said Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, so excepted, so as to go along with the Honour of Earl of; and

in Default of his so settling, the same, then the same to go as if they had not been excepted. Provided filivays, That if it shall happen, that the said Lord

Stanhope, and Charles Woollen, alias Stanhope, shall die without Issue Male of their or either of their Bodies, and the said Earl of Chesterfeild shall marry again, arid Vol. X.

leave Issue Male of his Body; then, and not otherwise, the said Use, to be limited to the Daughters of the said /

Philip Lord Stanhope, shall cease."

Line 43, leave out "Two;" and insert "Three."

And the same, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and the Title agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hatli agreed to the Bill, with the said Amendments; and desire their Lordships Concurrence to the said Amendments.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Jlfyles Cooke and Mr. Meredith;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Amending intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the High- Highway*, ways; and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods; with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also they have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to iin- Quaker* power the High Court of Chancery, and Court of Exche- Aflirmatiom quer, to accept of the solemn Answer and Evidence of any of the People called Quakers: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also they have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Settlement for the better Explanation and supplying the Defects of of the Poor, the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords put this House in mind of the Bill, Causes in intituled, An Act for the better Reviewing of Causes iri Chancery. Chancery, and other Courts of Equity.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

Then the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Amending Bill, intituled, An Act for impairing and amending the Highways. Highways, and for settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods, was read; rind is as followeth; viz.

Press 2, Line 28, leave out " Or otherwise:" Which was read a Second time; and, upon die Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke do carry . ..... to the

Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

A Bill for the Encouraging of Clothiers, and others Woo]ei1 dealing in Woolen Manufactures, and Suppressing of Trade. Wool Broggers, and Ingrossers of Wool, and Blackwell Hall Factors, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Guise,

Lord Corncbury, Sir John Knight, Mr. How, Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Biddu/ph, Sir Richard Hart, Sir Robert Sir

John Wyn, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Bockenham, Sir Lawson, Mr. Bear, Sir Samuell Sir Tho.

Darcy, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Cooke, Major Vincent, Mr. Smith,

Sir Wm.Basset, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Bromley, Sir Tho.

Vernon, Sir Jew. Elxces, Mr. Sand ford, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Morris, Sir Dowell, Mr.

Gwyn, Sir Samuell Dashwood, Mr. Bulkly, Mr. Fuller,

Sir Jon.Jennings, Mr. Phillipps, Sir Tho. Key, Sir Jos.

Tredenhath, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Foley, Mr. Henly, Mr.

Christy, Mr. Brewer, Sir Tho: Barnardiston, Mr. Hop-kyns, Sir Pete)' Colliton, Mr. England, Mr. Dowdeswell:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Then the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, Settlement intituled, An Act for the better Explanation, and supply- of the Poor, ing the Defects of the former Law s for the Settlement of the Poor, were read: And are as followeth; viz.

At the End of the Bill add a Clause, " That, in Actions against Churchwardens, or Overseers of the Poor, for Monies mis-sperit, the Parishioners shall be Evidence against the Defendants, except such as receive Alms, Pensions, or

8 F Gift,

666 130 Febru. i6q i

Gift, out of the publick Monies of the Parish: Which, being read a Second and Third time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. H do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Causes in Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in-

Chuncery. tituled, An Act for the better Reviewing of Causes in

' Chancery, and other Courts of Equity, be read the Se-

cond time upon Tuesday next, after Eleven a Clock.

French Sir Robert Clayton reports from the Committee, to whom

Protestants, the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the French Protestants was referred, That the Committee accordingly had heard several of the Petitioners, and their Allegations; and do find, That his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Order, or Declaration, in Council, dated the Twenty-eighth of July 1681, upon a Memorial presented to him in Behalf of the distressed Protestants abroad, was pleased to declare, That he held himself obliged, in Honour and Conscience, to comfort and support all such distressed Protestants, who, by reason of the Rigors and Severities, which were used towards them upon the Account of their Religion, Should be forced to quit their native Country, and Should desire to shelter themselves under his Royal Protection; and, for their Encouragement to come into this Kingdom, did thereby grant unto them several Liberties, Immunities, and Privileges, therein particularly mentioned.

That the Committee had also perused another Declaration, dated the Twenty-fifth Day of April 1689, made by their present Majesties; thereby taking notice, That it had pleased Almighty God to deliver this Realm of England, and the Subjects thereof, from the Oppression and Destruction, which the Subversion of their Laws, and the arbitrary Exercise of Power and Dominion over them, had very near introduced; and finding in their Subjects a true and just Sense thereof, and of the Miseries and Oppressions the French Protestants then lay under; for their Relief, and to encourage those that Should be willing to transport themselves, their Families, and Estates, into this Kingdom, did thereby declare, That all French Protestants, that Should seek their Refuge in, and transport themselves into this Kingdom, Should not only have their Royal Protection for themselves, Families, and Estates, within this Realm; but would also do their Endeavours, in all reasonable Ways and Means, so to support, aid, and assist them ' in their several Trades, and Ways, of Livelihood, as that their living and being in this Realm might be comfortable and easy to them.

That, pursuant to these Encouragements, great Numbers of these poor Protestants have resorted hither; many of which have had Relief by the Charities here collected; and have been transported some to the American Plantations, belonging to this Kingdom; some to other Places: And, by credible Information given the Committee, there are settled in this Kingdom upwards of Thirty thousand; some of which live, and are supported, by what they escaped with out of France; but the greatest Part of them by following the Callings they have been educated in, as the Making of Silks, Linens, Hats, Castile Soap, White Paper, and other useful Manufactures; by which they are become good Subjects to their Majesties, and this Nation reaps great Benefit by them.

But, upon Examination, the Committee find, That these Persons, that implore the Succour and Relief of this honourable House, are near Three thousand Persons; which are under these Qualifications; viz.

Two hundred and Seventy-eight Persons of the best Quality of both Sexes, born to fair Estates, and bred accordingly, without Trade or Profession, most of them sick or aged; whose little Stocks they brought with them being totally exhausted, are reduced to depend only, for their Livelihoods, upon the publick Charity.

Four hundred and Two Persons of middle Quality, as

Lawyers, Physicians, Merchants, and Tradesmen of all Sorts, which by great Age, Infirmities, and Losses, and disabled to follow any Employment, and reduced as the former.

Ministers, ^without Churches, whose Education and Attendance on their Ministry renders them unfit for Labour; and their Wives and Children; amounting, together, to Three hundred and Seventy-seven Persons.

The Residue consists of Persons of the meaner Sort, as aged Persons, Widows, and little Orphans, many of which are sick, which occasions an Expence extraordinary; but, of the last Rank, none are relieved but such as are superannuated, sick, or Infants under the Age of Ten Years.

That manyCasualties also attend this Charity, as Persons coming and going from Holland, Ireland, and other Places, wounded Soldiers, placing out Children Apprentices, &$c.

And that, upon Consideration of the whole Matter, the Committee are of Opinion, That it "will be a great Scandal to the Goverment, and our Religion, to suffer these poor People to come into our Streets to beg and perish for Want: Which they must inevitably do without the Assistance of this House; the Charity of well-disposed Persons being (in the Aid of these, and the poor Irish) so much exhausted, that none of the common Methods can be of any Value to them: And that this Nation may not be outdone by their Neighbours in so good a Work, it being manifest, That whatsoever shall be given to these poor People (besides the Blessing which attends it) the Nation will not be the poorer, for it must of Necessity be spent again here as soon as they have it; and that, without the Assistance of this honourable House, a regular Provision cannot be made for these poor People; and that therefore it was humbly proposed, such Course may be taken for their Relief and Succour, as may be, in some measure, suited to their Wants; and as to the Wisdom of this House shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Irish For-pointed to receive Proposals for raising Monies upon the futures, forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for inquiring into the Disposal of forfeited Estates there, be made upon Monday Morning next, after the Report of the Bill for a Quarterly Poll is over.

Sir Joseph Tredenham, according to the Order of the Commis-Day, reports the Two last free Conferences with the siooers of Lords, as followeth; viz. Accompts.

That the Conference was begun by the Managers for the Commons: Who acquainted their Lordships, That the Commons had desired this free Conference, to preserve that good Correspondence, which had hitherto continued between the Two Houses.

That they had solemnly and deliberately considered their Lordships Amendments to a Bill, from the Commons, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to examine and state the publick Accompts of the Kingdom, and tl\e Reasons which induced their Lordships to insist on those Amendments; but had not found them sufficient to convince them: And they still disagree with the Lords in those Amendments; and insist on that Disagreement.

That the particular Knowledge the Commons had of the Commissioners named in the Bill recommended them to their Nomination; and the Progress those Commissioners have already made in stating those Accompts, have justified the Coipmons good Opinion of their Abilities and Integrity.

That, to add new Commissioners, must, of Necessity, delay the perfecting this Work; and would hazard the rendering the Bill (which continues only for a Year) ineffectual: For the Commissioners, proposed in their Lordships Amendments, will find themselves, by their Oath, and to answer their Lordships Expectations, obliged to inform themselves, as well of what hath already undergone the Scrutiny of the present Commissioners, as in {hose Par-

*- f* j ‘ 1/ ' ... - ‘ i 1

ticularsv

Wi M, 136 Februarii. 667

ticulars, which shall hereafter become the Subject of their Inquiry: And that such Retrospect cannot be consistent with the Dispatch the Bill requires.

That, in Answer to their Lordships Argument derived from the Quality of the Commissioners named in the Bill, it was demanded. Whether their Lordships could have any Assurance, that the Commissioners they proposed, will not be elected in the Vacancy of this, nor in any succeeding Parliament, wherein these Accompts may be required. Should That happen, their Lordships, Amendments would not be useful to attaining the End intended.

That the Commons could not determine, How far the Quality of the Commissioners, named in the Act of Accompts, made in 19 Car. IP', prevailed with their Lordships in agreeing the reto: There was, indeed, no Member of the Commons of That Committee which met at Brooke House with great Reputation: But how little they effected, how soon they were dissolved, and how the Fruits of their Labours became abortive, is fresh in Memory.

That, from thenceforth the Commons, with better Success, reposed Trusts of this Nature in their own Members. Of such were the Committee for disbanding the Army, constituted 31 Car.ID'. Such are the Commissioners in the Act, whereunto this Bill relates. It might, with as good Logick, be argued, That their Lordships agreed to those last-recited Acts, because the Commissioners therein named were then Members of the Ilouse of Commons, as that their Lordships were induced to an Agreement with the Commons in the Nomination of the Commissioners of Brooke House, because they w'ere not of the House of Commons. But from this Variety in the Precedents, it may be more reasonably inferred, That their Lordships have, from time to time, agreed to the Commissioners named by the Commons, without respect to their Quality, and because the Ripht of such Nomination is in the Commons only.

That the Measures, by which both Houses are to govern themselves, are derived either from Precedent or Reason: Their Lordships had not offered any Precedent in Justification of insisting on these Amendments. If there be any Force in the Argument their Lordships derive from the Clause in this Bill; which provides, That the Accompts shall be laid before the King, and both Houses of Parliament; it extends as well to vest a Right in their Majesties to nominate such Commissioners, as in their Lordships; for it equally relates to both.

That the Title and Design of the Bill is, to appoint Commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick Accompts of the Kingdom; which, during the Session of Parliament, is the proper Work of the House of Commons: And no Inference can be more natural, than that it is in the Commons only, to name Commissioners for the Exercise of that Authority winch is an essential Part of their Constitution.

That they desired to know the End their Lordships would propose to themselves by such Inquiry: Should any Misapplication of Money, or Default of Distribution, appear in these Accompts, their Lordships cannot take Cognizance thereof originally, nor otherwise, even in their judicial Capacity, than at the Complaint of the Commons: Should a Failure or Want of Money appear, it is not in the Lords to redress it: For the Grant of all Aids is in the Commons only.

That such Inquiry can only be of Use to the Commons to direct their future Services: And herein the last Commission proved useful this Session; the Commons supplying the Defects of the Fund upon the Expenses in the Excise; If there be a Redundancy, the Commons only can apply it to the Charge of the ensuing Year: If there be discovered Misapplications, or undue Preferences, the Commons only can frame the Accusations, and lay them before their Lordships for Judgment.

That the Managers added, That, though this Bill be thought so useful at this time as cannot be sufficiently ex-.pressed; yet nothing can be of greater Importance to the Publick, than the maintaining the just and distinct Rights and Privileges, which each Estate in this Kingdom en-Vol. X.

joys, according to ohr Constitution. The' Lords have Commis-many high Privileges to recommend their Lordships to sioner* of the Favour of their Prince* and to support their Figure Accompts; in the Government’: But the Commons have little besides this one of giving Money, and granting Aids. This is their undoubted and inherent Right; and therefore every thing that intrenches on That, the Conations may be allowed to be extremely jealous of.

That the Liberty of naming Commissioners to take Accomptof the Publick Money is a necessary Dependence of this Right, is evident, their Lordships will consider.

That, when any Aids are given, the Commons only do judge of the N ecessities of the Crown; which cannot otherwise be made manifest to them, than by inquiring, How the Money, which hath been granted, and Revenue of the

Crown,.....expended and applied. I f the several Branches

of the Publick Revenues are rightly considered, it will be found there is some particular Use tp which they were originally assigned: There are some necessary Charges incumbent on the King in the Administration of the Government, which those Supplies are to defray: There is no Fund set aside for Contingencies; no Provision made for casual and incident Charges. But all extraordinary Expences require an extraordinary Supply. And, when the Commons do think fit to erect such a Commission, the Expence made in the Execution of it must, soon or late, be drawn from the Purse of the People: And since the Burden must inevitably light upon their Shoulders, they only can be Judges of the Weight which is fit to be imposed; and to assign the Quantum of the Charge; which in this Case is proportionable to the Number of the Commissioners. So that this doth not only relate to this undoubted Right of the Commons, but doth finally end in raising of Money itself: Which being a Privilege derived to them from their Ancestors, and continued by the uninterrupted Practice of all Ages,.it is a Right the Commons cannot depart from; but must for ever assert, support and maintain.

For although the Lords, in the Preamble of the Third Reason, seem to wave the Dispute; yet having, ip. their last Reason, disallowed the Right of the Commons in granting, limiting and disposing Publick Aids, the Commons think it of highest Concern, that this Affair, being the main Hinge of the Controversy, Should., be cleared and settled * ,

That the ancient manner of giving Aids was by Indenture, to which Conditions were sometimes annexed:

The Lords only gave their Consent, without making any Alteration: And this.was the continued Practice until the latter End of Hewy the Fifth; and, in some Instance^ until Henry the Seventh.

That, in the famous Record, called the Indemnity of the Lords and Commons, settled by the King, Lords, and Commons, in a most solemn Debase, in 9* Hen. IV. it is declared, That all Grants and Aids are made by the Commons; and only assented to by the Lords.

That the modern Practice is, to omit the Lords out of the Granting, a.nd naming them Parties only to the Enacting Clause of Aids granted to the Crown: To which their Lordships have always concurred; and of Conferences, departed from their Attempts of minute Alterations in Acts relating the reunto.

That if then all Aids be by. the Grant of the Commons, it follows,. that the Limitation, Disposition, and Manner of Accompt, must likewise belong only to them.

And that although the Accompt, then stated, was ordered by the Nineteenth Car. JP1. and the Act to whiph this Bill relates, to be brought before their Majesties, and both Houses of Parliament; this was a voluntary Act, and no Concession of the Commons: For when their Lordships insisted upon it as of Right, in 310 IP*, it waB denied: And their Lordships, after seyjeral Conferences thereupon, withdrew their Amendment to that Bill,

That the Lords, who appeared as Managers, and spoke at this Conference, were the Earl of Devonshire', the Earl of Nottingham, Mid the Earl of Rochester. ’

1 " That

1

1

1

l

Commis.-sioners of Accompts.

668 13 0 Februarit. . 1691*

That the Substance of wfiat was delivered by the Lords, was to this Effect;

That their Lordships are willing, at all times, to meet with the Commons at Conferences, and free Conferences, with an equal Desire to continue a good Correspondence between both Houses; and have often condescended in some things, rather than to go on with further Debates: For though Conferences are the best way of reconciling any Difference between the Two Houses, yet they are Marks to the World, that there is such a Difference: And the Lords, even in this Case, would have condescended to depart from their Amendments, if they had not judged them to be of such Consequence, that they could not do it

That they took Notice, that it hath been said, That Debates of this Kind ought to be governed either upon Reason or Precedent; and they would endeavour to proceed upon both.

That, in the Act 31 Car. IP*, for disbanding the Army,

there was no Direction to give any Accompt to either House; and, in the Act in the Year 1677, for the Building of Ships, there was no Accompts to be given to the House of Lords: So that these Precedents which the Gentlemen of the House of Commons insisted upon, are ' not very applicable in the Matter of Debate: For, in the last Act, and the Bill now depending, there is a Clause, That an Accompt shall be given to both Houses.

That the Lords have experienced by the last Act, That the Inquiry their Lordships are directed to take by this Act, are defective and dilatory, for want of Commissioners that can attend them, and are able to explain such things as they may have Occasion to inquire into: And it cannot be imagined that ever they can have That Satisfaction by writing to them, which they may arrive at by personal Examination.

That it is very true, That, in the Act of 190 Car. the Second, for taking the publick Accompts, there were no Commissioners named by the Lords: But it is as true, those Commissioners were not Members of the House of Commons; and they had no rCakori to disagree in that Matter,' because this Objection did not lie against them.

That their Lordships declined all Arguments concerning the Rights of the Commons Iri granting, limiting, and disposing Publick Aids; and therefore, forbore to answer any Arguments of that Kind: For that the Business, noW depending, relates only to the taking Accompts, and directing such Part of the Revenue as is not appropriated to the Payment of Salaries to such Persons as are employed therein; which their Lordships bake to be quite another thing.

That the Commons urged it with great Weight, " if their Lordships could shew no Precedent for doing This But,-if there be any such Precedent, their Lordships did hope the Commons would allow them for Reasons For it is not to be supposed, these Precedents were made without Reasons.

That the Commons insist, They are the Representatives of all the Commons of England; and that the Lords can name no Commoner a Commissioner, nor appoint Money to such Persons for these Services: It appears by the Journals of the Lords (and, it is to be supposed, in those of the Commons likewise), that, in the Poll Bill Aug. 1660, the Lords named Commissioners for the Cinque Ports, and expunged some in Kent and Sussex: To all which the Commons agreed. In an Act jl* . IIdl. for disbanding the Forces, the Lords added Rennet Lord Sheirard; and the Commons agreed. ’

That, in an Act made 12° Car. 1141, for Speedy disbanding the Army, the Lords named Commissioners that weife Peers, who were to be joined with Commissioners named by the Commons: And afterwards, in an additional Act, for disbanding the Remainder of the Armyj John Walke'r was added a Commissioner by the House of Lord^; and Iris, Salary was Twenty Shillings per diem,: Which fast precedent comes directly up to be a Precedent in Point: Only, in the Amendments now offered there iarai Four, who are to have Five hundred Pounds per Annum each;

22 '

and he was one, who had Three hundred and Sixty-five Pounds per Annum.

That it was insinuated by some of the Gentlemen of the House of Commons, That the End their Lordships could propose to themselves by such an Inquiry, must be, either to discover, What Offences have been committed in the Misapplication, or whether there be a Failure of the Money for the Ends for which it was intended; and that, to neither of these, their Lordships Inquiry can be of no Use; for, as to the Punishment, it must be by Impeachment; and if there be any Want of Money, the Lords cannot come at it: This their Lordships look on as an Objection to the Clause itself, but not to their naming Commissioners to satisfy their Lordships in relation to the Accompts.

That there are other Uses may be made of these Accompts: The Lords may have Leisure to inquire into these Accompts, whilst the Commons are employed on other weighty Occasions: And the Lords may take notice (for there is an Account of it in the printed Votes, licensed by the Speaker), That the Commons have not made so great a Progress in those Accompts, as their Lordships have done: And, Should the Lords discover Miscarriages, they may order a Prosecution of them in the Exchequer, lay them before the House of Commons, or represent the Matter to the King.

That there are some Precedents in Richard IP’s time; and it seems to be implied in the Precedents quoted in the Year 1677, about the Act for building Thirty Ships, That the House of Commons have not, of themselves, a Right to take these Accompts: For the Dispute then was not about the Commissioners, but the laying the Accompts before the Commons alone: For, had they Power to call for them their selves, an Act would not have been necessary: And the Precedent of die Lords receding at that time ought not to be reckoned to their Disadvantage; because, from their suspending their Privileges at that time, which they did with a Protestation, and from the Thirty Ships that were built thereupon, that we sit here in safety.

That, in that Dispute, it was acknowledged, That it was the inherent Right of the Lords to call for the Accompts: So that it is no extraordinary thing that the Commons have now done: For this Bill gives the Lords and Commons an equal Right to call for the Accompts: And since the Commons cannot call for these Ad-compts so well as by this Bill, wherein they have named Persons under their own Jurisdiction as Members of your House, it is but reasonable they likewise Should name such Commissioners as they may have Authority to call upon: For the Commons will hardly allow them Authority to send for the Members of the House of Commons.

Ort the Whole' since the Bill had allowed their Lordships to take the Accompts, their Lordships desired to know, What Reason there could be, Why they Should not be allowed the proper Methods of coming at these Accompts.

That the Managers of the Commons, by way of Reply, said,

That the Precedents in 1660, 31 Car. II4i. and additional Bill in 12° Car. II4i. were no Grounds for their Lordships insisting to add and appoint Commoners, because in those the Lords had the Consent of the Commoners, signified to their Lordships by their Representative in Parliament: But the Lords have no Right to im-pdse an Office or Burden upon any Commoner without their own Consent; and, in the Course of the Legislature, the Ldrds have no means to know, neither hath a Common'el* any way to signify his Consent or Dissent, but by his Representatives in Parliament. Td insist to dpjjomt Comqioners, after their Dissent is signified in the prdpdr Parliamentary way, is to insist upon a Right of dppdint-Ihg Commoners, and imposing a Burden updri them withdnt their Consents: Whidh their Lordships never pretehddd to; rto more thaii the Coihmons to nominate arid' appoint Peers ih any Commissions.’ ’ ‘.

That,

4 W. M. 130 Februarii.

That, in the Aid given 2* of their Majesties Reign, the Lord Durscley wgs inserted a Commissioner: In case

the Lords had not signified his Dissent he had been a Commissioner: And yet That would not have been a Precedent of the Commons Right of appointing a Peer to be a Commissioner, and insisting upon it: But the Lords, by Amendment, left him out; and the Commons agreed to the Amendment, though in a Money Bill; conceiving the y had no Right to insist upon naming a Peer, without the Consent of the Peers; who only can bind their own Members; neither can the Peers pretend to a larger Right over the Commons.

That their Lordships, in their Reasons, say, That if they may not nominate Commoners Commissioners, by Parity of Reasoning the y may be deprived of assigning Counsel upon Impeachments for Misdemeanor, ana in Cases of High Treason where Matter of Law appears.

That the Commons conceive, This is not a natural Consequence: For, in Cases of Impeachment, they act in their Judicial Capacity; and the Law gives the Party accused a Right to have Counsel; and their Lordships assign Counsel, when the Party cannot get Counsel to assist him; and the Law enables their Lordships to do it: But there is no Law which intitles them to nominate Commissioners for passing Accompts.

That their Lordships alleged, That, in the Bill for regulating the Tryal of Treason, both Houses agreed, That their Lordships might assign Counsel, in Cases of Impeachment for High Treason:

That the Bill not passing, That cannot be urged as a Precedent.

That as the Lords cannot supply the Want, That being the Act of the Commons; nor punish the Misapplication till Complaint is made by the Commons; so neither can their Lordships acquaint the Commons at a Conference, That there hath been a Misapplication of the Money; because that w ere giving Judgment before the Matter Came judicially before them.

That the Lords cannot punish a Commoner, except for Breach of their Privilege, without an Information made to the Commons.

That, since no Fruit can be had by their Lordships Inquiry, Why Should they nominate Commissioners, not being their Representatives?

And that to insist upon it at this time is most unseasonable, w hen the Commons, for the Support of the Government, lay under the heavy Burden of so many Taxes; which Weight will be much increased, by being denied Satisfaction of knowing how' their Money is disposed of, and having those screened from Justice who misapplied the same: Which must necessarily happen, by denying to agree with the Commons.

That, in Answer to what was said by their Lordships, That, in case of the building the Thirty Ships, it was admitted, their Lordships had a Right to take the Accompts; it was admitted, with this Distinction, That, as to the Stating and examining the Accompts, it belonged only to the Commons: But that the Lords claimed the Cognizance of the Accompts, in their Judicial Capacity, for their Information in Cases of Misdemeanor.

That, as to the Question, which their Lordships ask,

To what End are these Accompts to be laid before them r" to which there seems some Difficulty to make an Answer; the Commons cannot hut observe from thence (their Lordships Right to demand to have those Accompts is not very clear; for it is a strange kind of Right for which it is hard to give a Reason.

Upon Consideration whereof, it was That,

ibis House doth adhere to their disagreeing with the Lords, to the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An additional Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the Publick Accompts of the Kingdom: And that this House doth adhere to the Bill, as it was sent up from this House*

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee appointed to search and inspect the J ournate touching the Methods Vox. X.

of Conferences, and free Conferences, between the Two Houses, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meredith and Mr. Lord Keck; Stanhope's

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Amend- tstttte* ments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the enabling Philip Lord Stanhope, Son and Heir-apparent of the Right honourable Philip Earl of feild, together with the said Earl, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Philip Lord Stanhope.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bozcyer, according to the Order of the t)ay, ‘re- London ports the Resolutions of the Committee of the whole Orphans. House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways for satisfying the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of

London: Which he read in his Placeand afterwards....

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read; and are as followeth;

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards Satisfaction of the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London, all the Revenues of the

City of London be charged with the annual Sum of Eight thousand Pounds for ever, for raising a perpetual Fund of Interest at Four Pounds per Cent.

2. Resolved, 8$c. That, towards raising a further Fund of perpetual Interest, there be laid upon all Coals, imported into the Port of London, Two-pence per Ton or Chaldron, to be collected at the Coal Meters Office.

3. Resolved, That, &;c. That, towards the raising a further Fund of perpetual Interest, a Duty of Four Shillings per Ton, in the nature of Prisage of Wines imported into the Port of London, be paid by all Freemen of the City of London.

4. Resolved, That, <§c. That, towards the raising a fur-

ther Fund of perpetual Interest, there be paid by every Person to be bound an Apprentice in the City of,

Two Shillings and Six-pence; and by every Person to be made free of the said City, Five Shillings, over and above what is now paid.

5. Resolved, That, §c. That, towards the raising a further

Fund of perpetual Interest, there be paid by every Person that is, or hath, fined for Alderman, or Sheriff of the City of London, the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and for every

Common Councilman, Ten Pounds; and every Liveryman, Five Pounds: And that all such as shall hereafter be, or fine for Alderman, Sheriff, or Common Council or Liveryman, do pay the same Sums upon their Admission.

6. Resolved, That, 8$c. That the Benefit to arise by Licensing of Six Hundred Hackney Coaches in and about the City of London, after the Ilate of Five Pounds per Annum apiece, (after the Tax by a Poll upon Hackney Coaches is expired) be applied towards Satisfaction of the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

7. Resolved, That, &;c. That the ancient Duties of Water Bailage, and Duty of weighing at the King's Beam in the City of London, be applied towards Satisfaction of the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

The First, Second, Third, and Fourth Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon, the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed, by adding thereto " or fining for the same."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed qnto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, towards the raising a further Fiind of perpetual Interest, there be paid by every Person that is, or hath fined for Alderman or Sheriff of the City of the Sum of

Twenty Pounds; and for every Common Councilman,

Ten Pounds; and every Liveryman, Five Pounds: And that all such as shall hereafter be, or fine for Alderman,

Sheriff, or Common Council or Liveryman, do pay the

8 G same

L.

House reminded of a Bill.

Trade in Cities, &c.

Duties on Spirits from Melasses.

Woolen

Trade.

Committees.

Ealdstreete

Prebend*

13°: — -15°

/ A. 1691-

same Sums upon their Admission, or fining for the same.

The Sixth Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Benefit to arise by Licensing of Six hundred Hackney Coaches in and about the City of , after the Rate

of Five Pounds per Annum apiece (after the Tax by a Poll upon Hackney Coaches is expired), be applied towards Satisfaction of the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London;

It passed in the Negative.

The Seventh Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the ancient Duties of Water Bailage, and Duty of Weighing at the King’s Beam in the City of , be applied

towards Satisfaction of the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

’ Tellers for the Y eas,{Hr'

’ [Mr. Harcourt,

Tellers for the Noes <"Sir John

I eiiers for the is oes, ^,r

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, according to the said Resolutions, and upon the Debate of the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Bos-cowen, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Peter Colli Ion, Sir Edward Seymor, Mr. Finch, Sir Mr.

Harcourt, Sir Richard Temple, or any Four of them, to prepare and bring in the same.

} 67. } 43.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meredith and Mr. Keck;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do put this House in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of the distressed Orphans of the City of London.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House a Bill to prevent the Decay of Trade in Cities, Corporations, and Market Towns. And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Clerke, Mr. Harley, Sir Richard Hart, Mr. Bridges, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Traverse, Mr. Foley, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Refiners of Sugar, is referred.

Ordered, That Lord Gerrard, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Faulv, Mr. Waller, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of Clothiers, and others dealing in Woolen Manufactures, and for Suppressing of Wool Brpggers, and Engrossers of Wool, and Blackwell Hall Factors, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 15* die Fcbritarii;

4® Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

MR. Goldxccll reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Hals led to make a Lease for the Improvement of his Prebend of Ealdstreete in the Church of St. Paul, in London, was committed, That they had agreed upon an Amendment to be made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Press 5, Line 17, leave out " ;" and insert

" Ealdstreete."

And the same, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Goldwell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with the said Amendment; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Grantham’s for the enabling Vincent Grantham, Esquire, to lease Part Estate, of his Manor of Golthoe in Licolushire, ibr raising Monies to pay Portions, and Debts charged thereupon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Clerke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendments.

Mr. Price reports from the Committee to whom the Vaughan’s ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Estate. Settling of certain Messuages, Mills, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Merioneth, upon certain Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged towards the Payment of the Debts of William Vaughan and Jenk Esquires, deceased, was committed, That they had considered the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments. And he delivered the Bill in at the Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Price do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

A Bill to prevent the Decay of Trade in Cities, Cor- Trade in porations, and Market Towns, was read the First time. Cities, See.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Solicitor General, according to the Order of the Supply Bill Day, reports the Amendments made by the Committee Poll Tax. of the whole House, to whom the Bill for a Quarterly Poll, was committed: The which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with some other Amendments made, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause, for appointing Commissioners for the Serjeants Inns, Inns of Courts, and Chancery, was offered to be added to the Bill.

And the same was twice read; and, with some Amendments made thereto, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That one Act made the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to examine, take, and state the Publick Accompts, be continued unto the Twenty-fifth Day of April 1693; and the like Allowances for the Clerks, and the Commissioners, named in the said Act, other than such of them as are now Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral: And that the rest of the said Commissioners’ or any Four of them, shall and may execute all the Powers in the said Act contained: And that the said Commissioners, or any Four of them, have hereby Power to take an Accompt of all Monies that have been, or shall be, given in this present Session.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers

4-W.fijfM.

15° — 16°

671

Tellers for the Yeas,{"°5J^rc*> } , 45.

},04.

1 [Mr. Herbert,

Tellers for the No.s,{^»^""'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Clause was read a Second time; and, with some Amendments made thereunto, the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That, for the better enabling their Majesties to carry on the War against France, all Salaries, Fees and Perquisites, of all Offices and Employments whatsoever under the Crown; except only Five hundred Pounds per to

be allowed to the respective Officers, out of their respective Fees, Salaries and Perquisites; and also, except the Salaries, Fees and Perquisites, of the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lords Commissioners of the Custody of the Great Seal of England, the Judges, all Foreign Ministers, and Commission Officers in their Majesties Fleet and Army, for or in respect of their said Offices; be, during the present War against France, applied only for the more effectual prosecuting the said , War, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That # # #

And the Question being put, That the same be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause w’as offered to be added to the Bill, for appropriating ## *.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

rr , c v- fColonel

Tellers for the i easd , f r ’

Tellers for the Nom,{ J{j;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the reading the said Clause be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Speaker Mr. Speaker acquainting the House, That he had, in communi- the Chair, received a Letter; which seemed to be from cates aLetter. Mr. Fuller;

Ordered, That the same be read.

And the same was opened, and read, accordingly; dated the Fifteenth of February 1691.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

| 101.

I 66.

vesting several Pieces and Parcels of Ground in the Parishes of St.James's and St.Martin's in the Fields,

late the Estate of Henry Duke of Grafton, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, was committed, That they had considered the Bill; and directed him to report the same to the House, without: any Amendments. And he delivered the same in at the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kinm-rshy’a to enable Thomas Kinnerslcy to make a Lease or Leases for Estate* Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time. And A Petition of Bryan Janson, Esquire, and John Gilbert,

Gentleman, Creditors of the said Thomas was

read; setting forth, That the said Kinnersly is indebted to the Petitioner Bryan Janson, about Three hundred and Fifty Pounds for Principal, Interest, and Charges paid and expended by the Petitioner, as security for Kinnersly; towards Securing whereof the Petitioner hath a Judgment of many Years standing: And that the said Thomas -nersley is also indebted unto the Petitioner John Gilbert, in about One thousand One hundred Pounds, for Money lent to and paid for him, as his Bail, Security, and otherwise; for Securing whereof, the Petitioner hath several Securities affecting his Estate: That the said Kinnerslcy endeavouring to pass an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making one or more Lease or Leases for the Payment of his Debts: And that it is but colourably pretended, That thereby all the Debts of the said Kinnerslcy' w ill be paid; for that, by the said Act, such Provision is made for Sir Nathaniell Curson, and Widow,

over and above other Creditors, that the Remainder of his Estate will not be sufficient to pay your Petitioners,

' in proportion with the other Creditors, so much as the growing Interest of their respective Debts: Besides, the Petitioners Securities are precedent to Curson's;

and the Petitioners have lately discovered, That the pretended Debt of the said Mary London is either paid, or was from the Beginning fraudulent; and yet she hath not only hitherto covered the Estate with her Securities against the Petitioners, in case they do not come into the Act: And that the said Act is contrived by the Agents and Interest only of the said Kincrsley, Sir Nath. Curson, and Mary London; and the Petitioners not privy thereto; the Petitioner Bryan Janson knowing nothing thereof, till within this Week: And praying, That the said Act may not pass this House till the Petitioners are heard by their Counsel, as to what they have to object against the same.

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|^J^' ^Cari/^’

rp .1 r.1 T fSir Thom.

Tellers for the Noes,-,’, ’

’(Mr. Travers,

So it passed in the Negative.

GO.

| 86.

Mortis, 16* die Februarii;

4° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

Curtis*

Estate.

Duke of

Grafton’s

Estate.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Elizabeth Curtis, Widow, late deceased, and Perforrtmnce of an Agreement touching the same, made between Charles Curtis in his Life-time, and Edward Earle, according to a Decree in the High Court of Chancery, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title*. . agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Cler/cedo carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Goldzcell reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for VoL.X.

An ingrossed Bill for permitting English Ships to be Seamen in navigated with Foreign Seamen to and from the West India

Indies, during the War, was read the Third time. Trade.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for permitting English Ships to be navigated with Foreign Seamen to and from the West Indies, during the War.

Ordered, That Sir Samuel Barnardiston do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Jonathan Thave Leave to Leave of go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

' A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke, and Sir Lacon William Child.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Amend- Bishop of ments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act London’, to enable the Bishop of London, and Trustees, to sell the Estate. Manor of Bushleyin the County of Worcester, Part of the

Bishoprick of London; and to purchase other Lands, to be

annexed

tbaldstreete

Prtbend.

Judges Commissions add Salaries.

Causes in Chancery.

Bankrupts

Estates.

Supply Bill; Toll l ax.

Court of Claims in Ireland.

I,cave of Absence.

Irish

forfeitures.

Supply Bill; Ix>an on Excise.

673 16° — 17 Febru 1091.

annexed to the said Bishoprick, for the Improvement thereof:

And also to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Halstead to muke a Lease for the Improvement of his Prebend of Ealdstnele, in the Church of St. Paid in London.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for ascertaining the Commissions and Salaries of the Judges* be read Tomorrow Morning after Eleven a Clock.

one made in the First Year, and the othfer in the Second Year, of their Majesties Reign, for granting several additional Duties bf Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, in order to the more speedy Building of Se'veri-and-twenty Ships of War, by the latter of the said Acts provided to be built.

Ordered, That the Members tq whom it is referred to prepare -the Bill for the satisfying the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London, do meet this Afternoon at Six a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Reviewing of Causes in Chancery, and other Courts of Equity, ,be read upon Thursday Morning after Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Discovery and more equal Distribution of Bankrupts Estates, was committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Then, according to the Order of Yesterday, the appropriating Clause, presented to the House, was read the Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw' the same.

And it was accordingly withdrawn.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For Credit# # *.

And the same was twice read; and, with some Amendments made thereunto, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Anot her Clause was offered to be added, For taking off paying in Course # #

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second' time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That every Person who keepeth any Setting Dog, Greyhound, or Fowling-piece, not duly qualified thereto, and not herein before taxed as a Gentleman, shall pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings Quarterly.

And the same wa§ once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in

The Clause w as read the Second time.

And then the House taking notice, That the same Clause w aS Yesterday refused by the House to be received;

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill for granting a Quarterly Poll, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting a Court of Claims in Ireland be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Strickland, have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for raising Monies upon the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and to inquire into the Disposal of forfeited Estates there, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Borrowing of Money upon Two Acts of Parliament, the J9

fSir Rob. Clayton,

(Sir Tho. Barn

[Colonel Gran

[Mr. Hopkins,

1 tliA A ffirmntivp

91*

81.

Ordered, That Mr. Wharton, Sir John Thomson, Mr. Thomson, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for incorporating the Proprietors of the Waterworks in the Parish of St. Paid's, Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for the encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said Waterworks, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Rob. Dashzcood, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Wallpoole, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Refiners of Sugar, is referred.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till To-riiorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 17*

40 Gulielmi et Maria:.

Prayers.

MAJOR J*bicent reports from the Committee to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better vesting and settling the Manor of Horsley in Surrey, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of Phillip Hillyard, Esquire, was committed. That they had considered the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments. And he delivered the same in at the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of James late Earl of Stiff olke to sell the Manor of Hadstock in Essex, for discharging several other Manors and Lands of the said late Earl from Five thousand Pounds, the Remainder of Ten thousand Pounds by him formerly charged thereon, was read the Third time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And the Title agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Bidolph do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for lessening the Interest of Money.

Ordered, That Mr. Bidolph do go to the Lords with the said Message.

Sir Robert Cotton reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for securing, out of some of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of Charles Pelham, of Broclielsby in the County of Lincolne, Esquire, the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, with Interest, and One thousand Pounds, unto Anne Pelham, eldest Daughter of the said Charles, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and are as followeth;

Press 2*, Line last, leave out, " Part of the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds."

Press

London

Orphans#

St. Paul'

Shadwell,

Waterworks.

Sbgar Trade.

Committees*

Ilildyard’s

Estate.

Earl of

Suflolkc’i

Estate-

Lords

reminded ol. a Bill.

Pelham’s

Estate.

4 W.SfM. 170 Februarii.

Press f, Line 3, leave out from " same," to " so," in Line 11.

Line 11, after "all," leave out "yearly;" and insert " other."

Line 12, after " Money," leave out " for Maintenance."

Line 16, after " said," leave out, " Sums;" and insert "Sum."

Line 18, after " same," leave out "and One thousand Pounds."

Press 4,h, Line 14, after " said," insert " Sir."

Press 5 th, Line 3, leave out from " aforesaid," to " and, " in Line 17.

Line 34, leave out from " made," to " and " in Press 6, Line 3.

Press 6, Lines, leave out " and One thousand Pounds."

In the Title, leave out " One thousand Pounds." '

The said Amendments were read a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Irish Sir Robert Henly, according to the Order of the Day,

Forfeitures, made a Report from the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for raising Monies upon the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and to inquire into the Disposal of forfeited Estates there: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered, in Writing, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That Mr. Eduard Riggs, and Mr. George Rogers, by Order of the Committee, attended; and gave in what they had to say, in Writing, as followeth;

" That there w as above Two Million Acres of Lands, Plantation Measure, in the Kingdom of Ireland, besides Houses in Corporations, set out, decreed, or otherwise restored to Irish Papists, pursuant to the Acts of Settlement and Explanation; the Records whereof, that exactly ascertains the Quantum, may be easily had from the Records in Dublin"

" That it is supposed the were in Possession, at least of so much, on their Majesties Access to the Government: For it is conceived, that, since the Court of Claims, there has been more Lands purchased by them than they have sold."

" That it is not yet morally possible to give a true Estimate, how much of these Lands are comprehended in Lymrick and Galway Articles, and such as may otherwise appear to be innocent: But suppose the same to be Two Fifths, then there remains Twelve hundred thousand Acres of Lands; which, when a legal Title in Fee Simple, free from Incumbrance, can be made to the Purchaser, may be worth, one with another, from Fifteen to Twenty Shillings an Acre."

" That it is humbly thought the only way to improve the Lands to the highest Value, when ripe for Sale, is to dispose of them by publick Cant: For it is to be presumed, That every Purchaser will bid to the utmost Value for what lies contiguous to him: But, from what drops from the more considerable Irish Papists now in Town, it is to be doubted, there are more comprised in the aforesaid Articles, and other Articles of Waterford, Sligoe, Drogheda, Carriclf &c. that has been more dormant, than could be well conjectured; whereby the general Security may not be only clogged, but lessened: For it is said, though some of their Fathers were excluded the Articles, the Sons, and such as claim in Remainder, were within them."

"That, if, upon Tryal, it Should appear, there are more concluded in all the Articles made with the than could possibly have been foreseen by any, not privy thereto; yet, with great Submission, it is hoped the hearty Endeavours of such as were desirous to augment the Protestant Interest there, will be candidly accepted, their Soul being truly embarked in the hearty Service thereof; and are greatly concerned it Should fall any tiling Short of what it looked."

But whatever it may prove to be, will so far cor-Vol. 2$.

roborate the Protestant Interest; and the earlier it’is looked after, the greater Advantage it may probably produce."

" That (it is with Submission offered) Now seems to be the opportune Season to strengthen the Protestaatlnterest there, and weaken the other, by laying such a firm Foundation,- that it may for ever hereafter be put out of their Power to invade or subvert the Government, or otherwise ruin and destroy the Protestant People, as they have, by lamentable Experience, too frequently effected; which will greatly encourage the Protestants to fix and plant there; otherwise, it is to be feared, that many of them will remove, and quit the Country, to settle where they may hope their Children may, in Quiet, reap the Fruit of their Labours."

That Mr. John Gantlet, Clerk of the Signet, likewise, by Order of the Committee, produced an Abstract of Letters for Grants to be passed in Ireland, contained in a Paper, as followeth; viz.

A Letter, for a Grant to pass the Great Seal of Ireland, to pay the Presbyterian Ministers in the North of that Kingdom, One thousand Two hundred Pounds per Annum out of the Revenue there during their Majesties Pleasure; dated the Tenth cf August 1691.

Another Letter, to pay to the Citizens of London Derry, towards Repair of the Great Church, and other publick Buildings, demolished in the Time of the late Siege there, One thousand Five hundred Pounds, out of Arrears of the forfeited Estate of the Earl of Antrim; dated the One-and-twentieth of 1691.

That Mr. Savage, Clerk of the Crown in the King's Bench in Ireland, attended the Committee with a Copy of the List he had delivered to the Commissioners of the Accompts, containing the Names of Persons outlawed in Ireland: But said, That the Lords Justices ordered him to forbear outlawing several Persons, appearing to be Protestants; viz.

Jeremiah Donovan, Com Meath; Richard Eustace of Barryes Town; Sir Thomas Nerwcomcn, Sir Rob. Hamilton; Harvy Maurice; William

That Sir Charles Mercdeth, Chancellor of the Exchequer in Ireland, and of his Majesty’s Privy Council, and first Commissioner of the Revenue there, attended the Committee; and informed them, That, in October 1690, the Lords Justices of Ireland sent for the Commissioners of the Revenue, to give an Account or Method, how they Should dispose of the forfeited Lands. That Mr. Cull ford, a worthy Member of this I louse, and Three more of the Commissioners, together with Mr. Richard Clerk

of the Quit Rents, went together, and formed an Address or Scheme, containing Rules, how to govern that Affair, without his Privity or Consent; and brought it to the Board to be signed: And that Mr. LMr. Cull ford, Mr.

May, and Mr. Ford, signed the same; and that he and Mr. Vanhomery refused: Which Address was designed to take it out of the Exchequer, being the old legal and usual Way, into another Way of letting the forfeited Lands by the Commissioners and their Clerks, although he, Sir Charles, declared against it; and, together with the Clerk of the Pipe, and other Officers of the Exchequer, offered to do it on the same Terms, as to Charge, as the Commissioners Clerks had for doing the same. This, he said, he looked upon as the Rise of our Misfortunes.

That, a Month or two after they began to sit, he called for the Book of Entries; and looking upon the same, he found his own Hand, added to the other Four, to an Order he had refused to sign; and, asking the Clerk, in the Presence of the other Four Commissioners, How it came to pass; and the Clerk making no Answer; he caused the Clerk to rase his Hand out again.

He further said, The rough Draught of the Address was never brought to the Board, but brought fairly written, or ingrossed; and an honourable Member of this House, the Lord Connisby, told him, That Mr. Culleford, a Member of this House, said, Sir Charles had nothing to do in it.

8 H He

<*74

17® Febru

A. 1691.

Irish

Forfeitures.

He further said, That KillmMills, near Dublin,

being no ways demolished or damnified, are of the Value of Two hundred Pounds per Annum; and that he hath heard, that they were taken by Mr.; and that

Mr. Vanhomery told him, That he was surprized in his

signing his Lease for the same; and that Sir Charles himself was likewise surprized, when he signed the same: Sir Charles acknowledged, He had not refused the signing some Leases, though made against his own Opinion, and though he had Reason to suspect they were made in Trust for some of the Commissioners, lest he Should put the King’s Affair into Disorder; but that he was surprized in Signing of the Lease of the Custom-house of Corke: That he had heard, and believes, several Leases were taken, in Trust, for Mr. Cullefordin other Men’s Names, particularly Cardujfe, Abbots Town, Deanes7mat: And, to prove it, produced a Copy of a Receipt, dated May the Seventh 1691, signed William to Thaddy

Dime for Fifty Pounds, for Arrear of Relit, due for Abbotts Tenon, and Deane's Town, to the Twenty-fifth of March then last past; which was owned by Nr.Culleford as such; and also an original Letter, under his Hand, to Mr. Swettman, dated October the Twenty-second 1691, requiring him to pay the last half Year’s Relit, being Forty-four Pounds Ten Shillings, to Mr. Nicholas Culleford his Brother.

That he advised the Commissioners not to take any of the forfeited Lands; for that it was not fair for the same Persons to be both Lessors and Lessees: And that he commanded Mackanzy, formerly his Servant, not to meddle with, or take any.

Then being asked by Mr. Culleford, Whether there had been any Differences between -them; Sir Charles answered, Yes: But that he wondered Mr. Culleford Should ask that Question, having given him, the said Sir Charles, the Lye, at the Board in Dublin.

That he went over into Ireland in August 1690; and that, before he came, all the Offices, and Places in the Revenue were filled up, even in the Enemies 'Quarters; only with some Difficulty he got Two French Protestant Refugees put in: And that it was agreed by all the Commissioners to set all Lands by publick Cant.

The honourable Colonel Fitzgerrald, one of the Privy Council of Ireland, and One of the Commissioners for Forfeitures and Seizures in that Kingdom, informed the Committee, That he served in that Commission Six or Seven Months: That he and his Fellow Commissioners, gave in an Account to the Commissioners of the Revenue of the Seizure of Goods in several Parts of that Kingdom, which amounted to One hundred Thirty-five thousand Five hundred Fifty-two Pounds: The Abstract of which, he delivered in to the Committee in a Paper; and is as followeth; viz.

Brought forward - - 31,285 18 9

Itetn! — Seventy-seven Ton of Hay, at!__________k

Twenty Shillings - - - -j 77

Item, — Three thousand Three hundred!

and Eighteen Acres of Fallow, at >2,488 10 — Fifteen Shillings - - - -I

Item, — Five Barrels of Oatmeal, at 1 Twenty Shillings --

Item, — One hundred and Five Ricks of!

Wheat, at Eighteen Pounds - -J 9 9 Item, — Five hundred and Forty-seven'

Barrels of Wheat, at Fourteen Shillings -

Item, — Two hundred and Twenty-six*

Barrels of Malt, at Ten Shillings Item, — Fifty-three Ricks of Beer,

Fourteen Shillings -Item, — Two hundred and Fifty-i Barrels of Beer, at Eight Shillings Item, — Fifty-seven and an Half Ricks'] of Barley, at Fourteen Pounds Item, — Seven hundred and Eighty-nine

Barrels of Barley, at Nine Shillings -J Item, — Seventeen Ricks of Rye, at Sixteen Pounds -Item, — Three hundred Thirty-one and! an Half Barrels of Meslin, at Eleven J Shillings

Item, — Fifty-seven Ricks of Oats, at Nine!

Pounds -

Item, — One thousand Four hundred andl of Oats, at Four>

Beer, at

Fifty-eight*! trillings -j

3851 iS —

113-----

J 74^-----

103 4 —

805-----

355 1 —

272-----

182 6 6

513-----

288

12 —

292 -

.f 3*4 -

25 12 —

Eighteen Barrels v. f

Shillings -J

Item, — One hundred and Forty-six Acres' of Peas, at Forty Shillings Item, — Thirty-six Ricks of Peas, at Nine Pounds

Item, — Sixty-four Barrels of Beans, at Eight Shillings -Item, — Three thousand One hundred!

and Ninety-eight Horses and Mares, [*3,198 — _ at Twenty Shillings - - -I

Item, — Nine thousand and Three Black!-

Cattle, at Fifteen Shillings - -J *75* 5 Item, — Thirty-four thousand and Thir-1

ty-four Sheep, at Two Shillings and [>4,254 5

Sixpence ... -J

54*349 12 3

There were also Goods seized in the City of Dublin, and delivered over to Mr. Barth.

Wybrants, as followeth; viz.

Goods delivered by him out to the Lords Justices, and others; Value -Necessaries delivered out by him to Mr. Vanhomerigh, for the Use of the Army -

Goods now in the Store, that are prejudiced by their not being disposed of

----- 2,950-----

The State and Account of the Seizures, and other Proceedings of the Commissioners of forfeited Estates, by themselves and those who were employed by their Authority, acting under a Commission from their Majesties, dated July 1690.

Corn, Hay, Meadow, Horses, Cattle and Sheep, seized in the Counties of Dublin, Meath, Lowth, Wicklow, We.xford, Kildare, Waterford, Kilkenny, and Part of King and Queen's County.

d.

IMPRIMIS, Six thousand Eight hundred andj Sixty-seven Acres and Three Fourths of Winter > 18,886 6 3

Corn, at Fifty-five Shillings per Acre -Item, — Five thoqsand Five hundred and Ninety-three!

and an Half Acres of Spring Corn, at Thirty-five > 91738 12 6

Shillings per Acre - # -Item, — Two thousand One hundred and Twenty-nine!

Acres of Meadow, at Twenty Shillings per Acre -J Item, — One hundred and Forty Load of Hay, at Four

Shillings per Load -

Item, — 'Twenty-eight Ricksof Hay, at Eighteen Pounds 504 — —

2,129-----

28-----'

£. 31,285 18 9

The List of Bonds:

John Aylmer of Ballycanon, in Com."!

Kildare, bound in - - - -J

John Laughan of Dublin -

George Kennedy and Richard Beg of!

Dublin - - - -J

Robert Sams, of Dublin, Merchants John Holdworth, of Dublin, Har- ness-maker, William Dunbavand, Dis- [ 400 tiller - - - - -J

Isaac Destar, Lewis Chaignew, and! Henry Vancruiskirke, of Dublin, inj>i,< the Sum of John Espin of Dublin, Butcher, and Henry Smith, Merchant -Henry Smith, and Henry Spranger, Merchants, of Dublin -Thomas Clarke of Dublin, and Stephen Clarke of Carlingford John Eaton of Dublin, Glover, and Henry Asten of Dublin, Merchant -John Golding of Dublin, Shipwright,

Isaac Ambrose, Skinner -

20 — ____

28-----

30-----

000 — ___

500-----

_ >1,000-----

n!

_ >1,000 — ____

500-----

20

£ 4#498 — —

Brought

4w.#m.

17® Februarii.

675

Brought forward

Carried over Henry Dyer of Dublin, Gentleman, and Zachariah Cooke, Merchant Isaac' Gellius, and Isaac Destarr oP Dublin, Merchants -

Abraham Burroughs, and Tho. Bur-J

roughs, of Dublin -

John Loggan of the City of Dublin/

Taylor, John Gold of Dublin, Gentleman -Wm. Leeson, of Dublin, Merchant, Wm. Westbery, deceased, Gentleman -

John Weaver of Queens County, Esquire -Sir Hump. Jervis of Dublin, Knight -Wm. Parsons of Birr, Queen's County -Edward Brereton of Dublin, Baker,l t and Tho. Hurt, Surgeon - -/

James Carton of Kilcock, Innkeeper,] John Sheale of Dublin, Cord-> wainer - - - -J

Adam Swift of Dublin, Gentleman Samuel Rust of Killcoursy, King's") County, James Ashby of Tully in the same County -J

Edmund Curtis of Dublin, Gentle- mau - - - - J

Pierce Walsh of Dublin, Millener Robert King, and John Hamilton, of!

Dublin, Esquires - - -J

Lieutenant Lawrence Toole of Bally-' neslow, Co. Wicklow, Richard Westlow of Roundwood, Ditto Co. -Lieutenant Wm. Byrne, Tho. Wills, John Harrington, all of the County of Wicklow -Barth. Wybrants of the City of Dublin -

Garret Byrne of Ballinivally, Edmond Grange of Ballymoyle in Com. Wicklow -

Garret Doyle of Arklow, George Sy-T bells of the same, Abraham Ward I of Ballyduffe in the County Wick-j

low - - - - -J

Richard Mercer of Dublin, Yeoman -John Russell, of Loghmore, Com. TipO perary, Gentleman, Amos Stratle I of Dublin, Linendraper, James Bol- ster of the same. Merchant - -J Daniel Holt of Dublin, Cordwainer, Richard Turner of the same. Innkeeper -

Lawrence Grace of Dublin, Gentleman -

Garret Toole of Turboy, George Stragham of Kilmaclough, Com. Wicklow -

Elinor M. Naugbten of Dublin, Widow, Edmund Stafford of Portegle-none, Co. Antrim James Wall of Knockrigg, Com.Wick-low, Gentleman, George Straghan of Kilmeclough, Ditto Co.

John Hendrick of Dublin, Baker, Thomas Doran of the same, Joiner Robert Douglas of Dublin, Gentleman -James Bird of Drogheda, Merchant,") Robert Wentworth of Dublin, Mer- > chant ----- -J

John Price of Dublin, Merchant -James King of Dublin, Merchant Thomas Bennet, Tanner -

James Gilagh Athboy, Co. Meath,"I Henry Smith of Dublin, Merchant - J Daniel Gaghan of the City of Dublin' Esquire, Wm. Connelli of the same, Gentlemen

James Clarke of Dublin, Merchant, John Mourney of the same, Mariner -

Richard Baron and Nicolas Porter of Waterford, Merchants -Ralph Ashenhurst of Dublin, Gentleman - -

Abraham Nixon of Collattin, Com. Wicklow, Gentleman -

£ ' d.

4,498-----

500 -

200 -- —

57>*99

3

£ t. d.

<200

15-----

80-----

300 — —

1,000-----

161-----

200 — —

300 — —

5 -

30-----

10

20-----

60-----

200 — —

50-----

63 13 —

30-----

20-----

7-----

150-----

60______

57 — — 60____ __

200___,

3oo___.__b

3 — ___

20 — __

180

2 00

120____

9i 10 250_______

300 ___

5° — —

loo _.

Irish

Carried over -George Antrobus of Dublin, Gentle- man - -

Hawy Morris of Castlemorris, Com/ Kilkenny -

Robert Warren of Dublin, Merchant/ Mark Ransford of tlje same, Esq. t John Butler of Dublin, Merchant, Rich. Lord Viscount Rosse -/ Gilbert Ormsby of Dublin, Esquire,' Hen. Cowley of Loggadowing, Gentleman John Greene, and Anthony Kelly of Dublin, Gentlemen -Edmond Reynald, and Wm. Dobbin of Dublin, Gentlemen Anthony Mead of Dublin, Esquire Richard Fenner of the same, Gentleman Michael Tempest of the same, Esquire Thomas Ryder, and Walter Gill of\ Turvey, Com. Dublin - -J

Joseph Coghlan of the City of Dub- lin, Esquire - - - -J

Rob. Saunders of the same, Esquire -Anthony Suxbury of Dublin, Esquire,!

and Wm. Hughes - - -J

Daniel Gaham, and William Conelly -Total of which Bonds is

£ 1. d.

10,238 3 —

8* — —

160 — —

200 — —

140 — —

300 — —

1,000 — —

500 — —

2,000 —

1 1,000 -

260 — —

2,000 — —

20 — —

200 — —

200 — —

50 — —

3 Forfeitures.

18,290

3 —

Arrears of Relit due from the Lands"' seized, as Lord King's Lands, and other Estates, which might have been secured before the Army marched into Quarters, had wasted,) -the Tenants Stock; which is now with-held by the said Tenants to liveupon, or that they are now unable to pay, as maybe made appear.

Goods seized in several Counties.

County of Wexford, in Goods an4f\ Merchandize - - - -J

Queen's County -

Besides Bark seized, worth -County and Town of Kilkeny - -

County Wicklow -County Dublin . - -

Coumy Ardmagh

King's County -

Besides Barrel Staves, and Timber,

*2,750-----

5

10,238

3 —

worth

County and Town of Waterford County Tipperary, and Town Clonmel 1 -

County of Kildare -County and Town of Corke County of Catherlogb -County of Lowth, and Town of'Drog-! heda -J

County of Meath made no Return of Goods, which ought to be inquired into.

Westmeath Goods, all imbeziled by the Army.

Books seized in Dublin, and several! other Places, worth, at least - j Besides several Books made use of by thev Lord Chief Justice Pyne, and others.

Coaches seized, worth indifferently -Debts discovered, as Doctor Brom- feild's, James ButlerVthe undertaking Taylor, Major Mathewes, I Lord Gormanston, Captain Le-,) vallin, and many others, to the Value of, at least - - -J

Informations of Goods, Money, Plate, and other Things, which could not be prosecuted, by the Interruption given the Commissioners of In- } quiry, and the Discouragements put upon them, as can be made appear, would have amounted to That, by several Returns, some of the* Officers of the Army have taken Goods to the Value of Money and Plate deli/ered in to the\ Treasury - - - - J

Totals are

450 — «-

320-----

120-----

806-----

105-----

320'-----

150 — — 70-----

300 —

1,512-----

4°7-----

615-----

1,116-----

47*-----

54o-----

7>3oi —

7>3oi —

440 — 9,640 —

14,760-----

4>35t 10 — 160 — —

- £ *35,554-----.

VOL. X.

No

17* Fehrtiarii. \ 1691

Irish

No e^gct Account can be made of the forfeited Leases #nd Estates, because our Commission was superseded, before we could make up the Accquipt of the Estates: However, the whole State iof that Affair was transmitted, by Order from the Commissioners of Accompts, to them at their House in Yorke Buildings in the Strand, where is also our Commissions entered.

Besides Stores and Provision of War.

That the same were seized after the Battle of the Boyne: That Part of them were Protestants Goods: That he, or his Fellow Commissioners, disposed of none of the same, having a Prohibition from the Commissioners of the Revenue for their so doing; and Mr. Culleford, being present; owned the Accompt, as to the total, to be a true Accompt: And saith, That all the Corn in the Accompt mentioned, with Cloaths,. and other things, were delivered over to Mr. Vanhomery, Commissary General for the Army.

lie further said, That maiiv of the said Goods and Stores were delivered over to MrVJjStorekeeper in Dublin, by Order of the Commissioners of the Revenue: That there were great Storehouses of Corn in Dublin, which were delivered to Mr. I

That he heard from Ah'- That the Commissioners of the Revenue disposed a great Part of the said Goods to their own Uses.

He produced an original Letter, under Mr.

Hand, dated the Twenty-second of 1690,

directed to Sir Thomas Atkins, High Sheriff of Kildare, desiring him to remove Soldiers from House,

and other Lands, which he claimed as his own, as by the Letter appears; which is as followeth;

" I'or his honoured Friend Sir Thomas Atkins, High Sheriff of the County of Kildare."

" Custom-house, Dublin, the 22*1 Nov. 1690."

" Sir Thomas,"

" YOU will give me your Pardon, that I now trouble ou in a small Concern of my own: You being a fan of Authority in the County of Kildare, I beg of you to remove from me some Soldiers, or rather Officers Servants, and Horses, that are quartered at Cardiffe Town, in the House of Cardiffc; which Place 1 hold, Part in Lease of the King’s private Estate, and the other Part the Commissioners have given me an Authority to enter upon. But the above-mentioned have entered the Premises, and are eating out my Hay and Coni; and not only so, but make a miserable Destruction besides; Therefore, out of old Friendship, send your Order presently to deliver me of them, and you will extremely oblige me; and wherein I can serve you, you shall command me. I have a Man in the House, that does take care thereof, that gives me this Account, and will send you this. Your Favour herein, shall not be forgotten by. Sir,"

" Your affectionate humble Servant,"

lie said, Cardiffe is worth about One hundred and Twenty Pounds per Annum; and is in Possession of Mr. Guilford, or his Servants.

He further said, That after the Battle of the Boyne, several that submitted themselves on his Majesty’s Proclamation, and that had his Majesty’s Protection, were plundered and abused: Of which he acquainted the Commissioners, and of what he thought would follow, which made them fly out into that dangerous Rebellion at the Bog of Allen; particularly George Fitzgerrald of Clan Bullock, who commanded the Forces of the Bog of'Allen: And that his Wife told the Colonel, That, had not her Husband’s Goods been seized by the Commissioners, her Husband had not flown out into Rebellion: And that he saw Mr. Culliford's Hand, amongst other Hands, to Moncke's Commission, by which he acted; which was to seize the Goods of the Protected, as well as Unprotected: But that Sir Charles Meredith's Hand was not to it.

He further informed the Committee, That one Sweet-man, having an Estate nigh Dublin, of about One hundred Pounds per Annum, offered him his Estate to get him off 24

being suspected of murdering some Soldiers in Colonel ToulkSs Regiment: But that he refused, saying, He would sell no English Blood.: That the said Swettman is alive; and the Estate, he thinks, in the Possession of Mr. Culleford.

That, at his coming from Ireland, he knew nothing of his being to be examined in these Matters: If he had, he could have given greater Informations about the Deceit in the Revenue.

That Francis Annesley, Esquire, one of their Majesties Justices of the Peace, informed the Committee, That he came out of Ireland the latter End of November last, upon his private Occasions: That he was employed under the Commissioners of Seizures; and had a Commission from Sir Robert Southall, Secretary to his Majesty, dated the Fifth of July 1690; and seized several Goods; which he delivered for the Use of the Camp.

That, by Sir Robert Southed, he was recommended to the Commissioners for Seizure, and by them employed; seized many Estates, particularly

£. s. d.

New Land, lying about Thirteen Miles from j

Dublin, taking in the Hay and Corn at his >200-----

own Charges, worth about - - -J

Sheep, One thousand Three hundred, worth 227 10 —

Black Cattle, Sixty, worth - - - 60'-----

Wool, One thousand Five hundred Stone, atj _____.___

Seven Shillings per Stone, worth - J

Sowing and Winter Crop - - - 40-----

Total - - 1,052 10 —

All which he delivered over to Mr. Monk, by the Commissioners Order; and was never paid One Farthing for his Pains, Charges, and Expences.

He said, He offered Two Shillings and Six-pence an Acre for the said Lands, called Newland, being about Six hundred Acres; and would have given Three Shillings and Six-pence, rather than have gone without it.

That Mr. Culleford's Servants broke open the Doors, and took Possession, and put a Lock thereon: He acquainted Mr. Culleford, That this was very hard, that he Should have nothing either for his Pains, or Expences he had been at in his Employment; and was answered by Mr. Culliford, He must apply himself to the Commissioners of the Revenue. And

That the Crop for the last Year was gathered in by Mr. Cull ford.

That he further informed the Committee, That Cor-duffe in the County of Dublin was the Estate of one Warren, and forfeited; and was lately in Mr. Culliford's Possession.

That New Abby in the County of Kildare is about Seven hundred Acres, a forfeited Lease of one Weasly, was formerly lett at Four Shillings and Six-pence per Acre, and now lett for One Shilling by the Commissioners; and is in Possession of Mr. Charles Monke.

That the Moiety of Old Conhill, being to be lett at a Cant, this Informant bidding much for it up to Two hundred and Seventy Pounds per Annum, Mr. Culleford was angry at it; which some Gentlemen, standing by observing, bid him.desist: And that one Mr. Weasly out-bad him: But it was for the Use of Mr. Richard Thompson.

That Mr. Annersley further said, That the last time he went from the Committee, Mr. Cull ford, as he passed by him in Westminster Hall, said to him. in an angry and threatening manner, That. he knew him well enough; and he Should have spoke all Truth.

That Mr. Fountein informed the Committee, That, after the Surrender of Drogheda, he had a Warrant from Sir Robert Southwell for One hundred Hogsheads of French Wines for his Majesty’s own Use; and, going to Dublin to the Commissioners for their Order, Mr. Cullford told him, The Wines were Part disposed of, and the rest promised: That they were worth, there, about Fifty-five Pounds per Ton.

That Charles Deereing, Esquire, Auditor General of the King’s Revenue in Ireland, informed the Committee, That

the

4 W. & M. 170 Februarii.

the Course of that Kingdom is, That the Collectors make up their Accompts but once a Year, which is at Christmas and that there has been only One half Year accompted for; viz. from Midsummer 1690, to Christmas following, which they did then, that so the Time of Accompting might be afterwards as usually: That some Officers that were employed in King James's time, are still in Commission.-

That Mr. Ileighly of Dublin said, That the Lord Merionges Estate, lying just without Dublin, and

lett to good and substantial Tenants at Five hundred and Thirty Pounds per Annum, is now lett, by the Commissioners, for Three hundred Pounds per Annum: That he employed one Sherrife to offer Four hundred and Fifty. Pounds for it; but he took it for himself at Three hundred Pounds; the Under Tenants paying still Five hundred and Thirty Pounds on the Leases still running.

That Mr. Collins, an Officer’ of the Revenue in affirmed the same, as to the Estate of the being

so under-set, that Mr. Heyleighsaw an Order under the Hands of the Commissioners of the Revenue, and remembers particularly Mr. Culliford's Hand was to it, directed to the Sub-Commissioners of the County of r, to

seize the Goods of Richard Sandoti, and others, notwithstanding any Protection they had: The said Richard don was a Protestant, and a Sub Commissioner under the Commissioners for Seizures: That Mr. Sandotis Goods were accordingly seized; and he made Application to them for his Goods; but they were not restored to him.

That Mr. Collins again informed the Committee, That Cardujfc, Upper and Lower Island Castle Knock

near Dublin, are in Mr. Culliford'?, Possession; also

Tooley's Wells: And that Mr. Monk occupied some forfeited Lands for him.

That Mr. Griffith informed the Committee, That Island Mills were formerly worth One hundred and Forty Pounds per Annum: That, if he were to hire there, he would give One hundred Pounds per Annum for them: That one Mr. Davis of Dublin, a Brewer and Retaler, is, notwithstanding, Surveyor of the Excise in, and Collector of the Ale Licences: That Mr. Culliford's Brother is a Maltster, and Collector of the Excise in the County of Dublin.

That the honourable Colonel Gore informed the Committee, That Captain Richard, who keeps the Draught Beasts for the Army, took a Lease of one of the Commissioners of his Majesties Revenue in Ireland, for Eighty Pounds per Annum, of a Place near the Nasse;

for which the Commissioner paid but Thirty Pounds; the Commissioners Name he could not remember.

That Sir Toby Butler informed the Committee, That Mr. Warren of Carduffe, who was within the Articles of

Limerick, preferred a Petition to the Lords Justices, to have the Possession of his Estate; but found a Caveat entered with the Secretary on the Behalf of Mr. Culleford, that he Should not have Possession without his being heard: And that they told him, Mr. Culleford had the Land granted to him inCustodiam: That the Reasons given, Why Mr. Warren could not have Possession, were,

First, That Mr. Culliford had laid out a great deal of Money on the Land in Building and Improving.

Second, That the Land was extended for a Debt of Mr. Warrens; which Mr. Culliford had taken in.

Whereupon, Sir Toby Butler complaining to the Lords Justices, That the Lands in the King’s Possession ought not to have been extended by any Subject, without the King’s Privity or Consent, much less by a Commissioner; he was answered by the Lord Connisby, as he remembers, That PI ’arren had best agree with Mr. Culleford.

That Mr. John Kent informed the Committee, That being at Corke about Two or Three Months since, the Collectors of the Customs there told him, That he wondered, that the Wharfage, and Cranage of the Wharf, and Cranes there, erected by the late King James at great Charge (who bought also the Land of the Corporation of Corke), were lett by the Commissioners at Thirty Pounds per Annum; whereas they were then worth Two hundred Pounds per Annum, That being the Second Port of that Kingdom; and that he paid so much for them to Mr.

Vo L. X.

Culleford: That the said Kent was Surveyor of the Port i,-ish For-it Dublin, and put out by Mr. Culleford, who placed his fixtures. Brother Tregonnell Culliford in his room: And that afterwards, the said Mr. Tregonnell Cull ford went to one Mr. Evans to learn to write and cast Accompt:

That Win. Stunner, belonging to the Train, told him,

That he paid Mr. Culliford Eighty Pounds per Annum for Chrdiffe Town near the Nasse; which is Fifty Pounds per Annum ihor'e than he pays for the same.

That it was the common Vogue, and Report of the People in gerteral, That Mr. Culleford was the Cause-of all the Oppression of the People there.

That several Protestant Gentlemen of Irelandcomplained to him, That their Goods, viz.Wool, Tallow, Hides, that were seized by King James, and laid up in the Storehouses at Waterford, w ere there detained, and kept from them by Mr. Culleford (though they were ready to starve),-although they had made out their Property to the Surveyor General Mr. Moore; some of which were named by him; viz.Mr. Souihcott of Greenham, Mr Lapp and ’Sir. Joy of Wta ter ford: But that such as could make Friends to Mr. Cull fold, had their Goods delivered them.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Culliford have a Copy of the said Report: And that he do give in his Answer thereunto upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquaints the House, French from his Majesty, That his Majesty had received a Peti- Protestant*.-tien from the poor French Protestants; and had commanded him to deliver the same, with their Majesties Declaration of the Twenty-fifth of April 1689, and the said poor Protestants Case, which was in Print, to this House:

And that his Majesty desired, That this House would -take the same into their serious Consideration.

Which Petition, Declaration and Case, were delivered in at the Table: Where the same were read: setting forth,

That the extreme misery of the Petitioners having enlbrce-ed them to make their Application to this House for their Relief, by their Petition of the Nineteenth January last, there was a Committee appointed to consider of the same, and make Report thereof to the House, with their Opinions thereupon: Which they have accordingly done:

But not having his Majesty’s Pleasure signified to them, as the Petitioners are informed, they have made no other Progress in it: And the Petitioners, having formerly troubled his Majesty with the Circumstances of their saa Condition, do forbear the Enumeration of them now; only humbly offer it to his Majesty, That, if some Relief be not suddenly provided for them, they must miserably starve in this his Majesty's Kingdom: And therefore imploring his Majesty to signify his Pleasure to this House, That a sufficient Fund may be settled to enable his Majesty to relieve the poor Petitioners.

William Rex.

WHEREAS it hath pleased Almighty God to deliver our Realm of England, and the Subjects thereof, from the Persecution lately threatening them for their Religion, and from the Oppression and Destruction which the Subversion of the Laws, and the arbitrary Exercise of Power and Dominion over them, had very near introduced: We finding in Our Subjects a true and just Sense hereof, and of the Miseries and Oppression the French Protestants lie under for their Relief, and to encourage them that shall be willing to transport themselves, their Families, and Estates, into this Our Kingdom, We do hereby declare, That all French Protestants, that shall seek their Refuge in, and transport themselves into this Our Kingdom, shall not only have Our Royal Protection for themselves, Families, and Estates, within this Our Realm; but we will also do Our Endeavour in all reasonable Ways and Means, so tosupport, aid, and assist them in their several and respective Trades, and Ways of Livelihood, as that their Living and being in this Realm may be comfortable and easy to them: Given at Our Court at Whitehall, the 25'* Day of April 1689, in the First Year of Our Reign.

% The

61S 170 — i8°j FebruA. 1691.

The Case of the \mot French Protestants.

THE French Protestants, who, by a special Providence, have taken refuge in this Country, need not to justify their Retreat into a Kingdom, where so great Zeal hath been shewn for that Holy Religion which they..profess, and for which they have suffered so many things: The greatest Part of them have, after some time, found Ways to maintain themselves, and their Families, by Trades they were brought up to, or by bearing Arms for the Service of this Nation: Nevertheless, there remains about Three thousand, who had miserably perished, had not their Majesties had Compassion on them: It is for these poor Protestants, that we implore the Compassion , of this honourable House; beseeching you to consider,

That among them are,

First, Many Persons-of very good Quality of both Sexes, born to fair Estates, and bred accordingly, without Trade or Profession; which, after having been ruined by the Dragoons, were forced to come over without any Part of their Estates.

Secondly, A great many Ministers, whose Education, and Attendance on their Ministry, do render them unfit for any other Work; and who are so much more worthy of Compassion, for that the Edict, which broke the Edict of Nants, did command them to depart the Kingdom of France within Fifteen Days, upon Pain of being sent to the Galleys; so that they are come, naked, and destitute of Support, into the several Countries where they have taken Refuge.

Thirdly, Many Gentlemen, and others, brought up either to the Law, or Physick; and many Merchants and Tradesmen of all Sorts, who by great Age, Infirmities, and Losses, are disabled to follow any Employments; besides Children, yet too young to be put put to any Trade.

All these, now reduced to the greatest Extremities, will be forced to beg their Bread about the Streets, if not speedily relieved. . ... ....

Above Thirty Ministers, who were maintained in the Country by the Charity Money, will be obliged to quit their Congregations, and will be immediately followed by their Flocks, both being necessitated to come to London to get Bread.

' The unparalleled Charity, which this generous Nation hath manifested to them, since their coming, makes them to hope, that it will not suffer them to be reduced to that sad Extremity.

And a Motion being thereupon made, For a Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Relief of the said poor French Protestants;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

Judges Com- . An ingrossed Bill for ascertaining the Commissions and missions and Salaries of the Judges was, according to the Order of Salaries. the Day, read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That no Fee shall be taken by any Chief Justice or Justice, Chief Baron or Bardn, or by any Officer attending the said Courts, or by any Clerk of Assize, or his Deputy, or by any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or by any other Person, to their or either of their Use, for or by reason of the Entry of any Cause to be tried, Tryal, or Proceedings in any of the Courts of Westminster Hall, or in or at the Courts of /Vssize, and Nisi prius, Courts of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol-delivery, or Court of Sessions in or for any City, Town, or County, or for passing the Sheriffs Accompts, other than such ancient legal Fees, as'have always been allowed and taken;, a Table of which, signed by the Judges of the respective Courts, shall be hung up for publick View in the said respective Courts, or near thereunto; where all Persons concerned may have Access to the same, during nil the Time of the Session of the Judges or Justices in

22

the said Courts: And all Fees taken by any of them, or by any Officer attending the said Courts, or by any other Person to their Use, other than such as shall be expressed in such Table, so assigned, and hung up, as v aforesaid, are hereby declared to be an Extortion upon the.People: And all and every Person and Persons, offending herein, shall forfeit to the Party grieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint, or Information; wherein no Essoign, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor any more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Arid the same was thrice read; and, with some Amendments made by the House,'upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for ascertaining the Commissions and Salaries of the Judges.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Young do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for a Quarterly Poll, Supply Bill; be read Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock. Poll Tax.

The Lord Falheland, according to Order, presented to Supply Bill; the House a Bill for Borrowing of Money upon Two Acts Loan on of Parliament, the one made in the First, and the other in Excise.

"the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, for granting several additional Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, in order to the more speedy Building of Seven-and-twenty Ships of M ar, by the latter of the said Acts provided to be built. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Making whom the Bill for encouraging the Making of Saltpetre Saltpetre, here in England, was committed to, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting a Court of Claims Court of

in Ireland, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning. Claims in

Ireland.

An ingrossed Bill frorii the Lords, intituled, An Act Quakers to impower the High Court of Chancery, and the Court Affirmation, of Exchequer, to accept of the solemn Answer or Evidence of any of the People called Quakers, was read the -First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 18° die Feb; 4* Gulielmi et Maria?.

Prayers.

AN^ ingrossed' Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Pelham’s Act for securing out of some of the Manors, Lands, Estate. Tenements, and Hereditaments of Charles Pelham, of Brockclsby in the County of Lincolne, Esquire, the Suiri of Five thousand Pounds with Interest, unto Anne Pelham, eldest Daughter of the said Charles, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed. -

Ordered, That Sir Robert Cotton do cany the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with the said Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Sir Samuel Barnardis/onreports from the Committee iialford‘% to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act to vest! divers Manors, Lands, and Tenements in tlVe County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payments of the Debts arid Legacies of Sir William Halford, Knight, deceased, and for Payment of the other

Debts

L.

Vernon’s

Estate.

Sadler’s

Estate.

St. Paul’s Shad well Waterworks.

London

Orphans.

4-W. tf'M.

18° Febriia

619

Debts of Sir Win. Halford, now living*, prior to his

Marriage Settlement with the Lady Frances his now Wife, waB committed, That they had heard, tire several Petitioners, anti had agreed upon several. Amendments to be'made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to' the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Press 4, Line 6, after the Word " Incumbrances," leave out these Words, " other than such as are intended to be kept on foot for Protecting of the Jointure Lands of the Lady Frances, not hereby directed to be sold.

Press 6, Line 42, after " Esquire," add these Words, " as to the Lands and Hereditaments hereby directed to be sold."

Press 8, Line 26, leave out, nfter the Word "Assigns," the whole Clause to the Wqrd, "saving," in the 38th Line; and, instead thereof, add Clause A;

That, notwithstanding the Trusts to be transferred, as aforesaid, nothing shall hereby be construed or intended to extend to the Trusts or Power vested in them, the said Dame Elizabeth Halford, Thomas Atkins, and Henry Halford, as Executors of the said S'ir fVm. Halford, deceased, as1 for and concerning divers Lands and Tenements in Frisby aforesaid* now in Mortgage to Sir Etheridge, Knight; the said Premises being. only a Chattel in Trust; any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Press the last, Line 1 ith, < after " thereof," add these, Words, " hereby directed to be sold."

And the said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Christy reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for - the better assuring to George Vernon, and his Heirs and Assigns, Four Acres of Land in Ebisfum in the County of Surry, was committed, That they had considered the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

Mr. Tracers reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Edwin Sadler to sell Lands to pay his Debts, was couir mitted, that they had considered the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without-any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

Sir Matthew Andrews reports from the Committee to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Proprietors of the Waterworks in the Parish of St. Paul's in the County of

Middlesex, and for the encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said Waterworks, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Co-, herence; rand afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and are as followeth; viz.

The First Amendment being read a Second time:

And the Question being put thereupon, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Yeas go forth.

rp ,1 fSir Jos. Tredenham,

Tellers for the A eas,|sir Jo

Tellers for the Noe

’ f Afr. Bowyer,

So it passed in the Negative.

41.

1 J

] 70.

Corresponding with their Majesties Enemies.

Clandestine

Marriages.

Curtis’

Estate.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Myles Cooke and Sir Lacon Win. Child;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do put this House in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act against corresponding with their Majesties Enemies.; and also of the Bill, intituled,

An Act disabling Minors to marry, without the Consent of their Fathers or Guardians, and against their untimely marrying after the Decease of their Fathers, and for preventing Clandestine Marriages for the future.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Elizabeth Curtis, Widow, late deceased, and Performance of an Agreement, touching the same, made between Charles Curtis, in his Life-time, and Eduard Earle, according to a Decree in the High Court of Chancery.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for a Quarterly Poll, according to Supply Bill; the Order of the Day, was read the Third time. Poll Tax.

Several Amendments proposed to be made;

Press 2, Line #, by adding " Widow, or unmarried Woman ;" and, after " such," to leave out " an;" and insert " Estates respectively ;" and, Press 10, Line #, after " determined," to add " and in like Manner within Thirty Days after every other quarterly Payment:"

And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the same were agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

An ingrossed Clause was. offered as a Rider to the Bill,.

That all Tradesmen, Artificers, Vintners, and others, who, by virtue of this Act are to pay Ten Shillings Quarterly, shall pay double also, if they do. not voluntarily appear, and take the Oaths to their Majesties that the Gentlemen are by this Act obliged to take, to be levied and paid as aforesaid.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for raising Money by a Poll, payable Quarterly for One Year,- for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Resolved, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the said Bill do lie on the Table until Monday next;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to Supply Bilij; put them in tnind of the Bill for vesting the forfeited Efghsh and Estates in England in their Majesties, to be applied to the J"^‘r^or‘ Use of the War; and also of the Bill for yesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the said Message to the Lords.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Correspond-tuled, An Act against corresponding with their Majesties ^'1^5e f Enemies, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning Enemies.8 at Twelve a Clock.

MV. Boscmven, according to Order, presented to the London

Housat a Bill for satisfying the Debts due to the Orphans Orphans, of the City of London. And the same was received.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Ordered, That the Bill, for borrowing Monies upon Supply Bill; That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Two Acts of Parliament, the one made in the First, Loan on

Act for Relief of the distressed Orphans of the City > and the other in the Second Year of their Majesties Excise.

of London, be now read the Second time; Reign, for granting several additional Duties of Excise

The House divided. upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, in order to the

Court of Claims in Ireland.

Trench

Protestants.

Selling Lands in Lincolue, &«.

Keeble's

Estate.

Puchy of

Comewall

Leasing.

Cambridge

University

Charters.

680 18* — 190 — 20° Februariu A. 1691.

more speedy Building of Seven-and-twenty Ships of War, by the latter of the said Acts provided to be built, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting a Court of Claims in Ireland, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion Yesterday made, for a Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Relief of the poor French Protestants.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Die Veneris, 19°

4° Gulielmi et Mariae.

PllA ye as.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Manors, Lands, and Rents, in the Counties of Lincolue, Berks, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for the buying of other Manors and Lands, to be setded for the same, or the like Uses, as those to be sold are now settled, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Clerke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Goldxcell, reports from the Committee to whom the

ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Keeble, Gentleman, to sell certain Lands in Stow Market in the County of Suffolke, and to settle other Lands

of greater Value to the same Uses, was committed, That they had agreed upon an Amendment to be made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Press 8, Line 5, after " Apurtenances," add " except the said Lands, Meadows, and Pastures, called JV ." And the same being read a Second time, the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Boscouen reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for enabling their Majesties to make Leases and grant Estates of the Duchy of Cornewall, was committed, That they had agreed upon an Amendment to be made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; And he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed. '

Name of the said Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, to sue for and recover all Tythes, and other Profits, arising by the said Rectory: And whereas Dr. , the present

Regius Professor of Divinity, having, for several Years, pretended to hold and injoy the said Rectory, without Institution and Induction therein, or taking the Oaths for the same, as by Law required, he having already as many Benefices, as he is by Law, qualified to hold; which hath occasioned divers Suits and Controversies between him, and the Petitioner, who hath a considerable Estate within the said Parish, and several other of the Parishioners thereof; and in which Suit the Petitioner hath obtained Sentence against him the said Dr. Beamont, in the Court of Delegates, by reason of his not being instituted and inducted, and otherwise qualified as aforesaid; therefore, forasmuch as the above-recited Clause does alter the nature of the said Rectory, and creates a Title thereto without Institution and Induction, contrary to the true Intent of the said Bill; and will be prejudicial to the Revenue of the Crown by taking away the Payment of the Tenths and First fruits: and is an Encouragement to Pluralities, and purely designed for the Service of the said Dr. Beamont, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, and other the Inhabitants of the said Parish; therefore praying, That, before the said Bill be passed, the Petitioner may be heard at the Bar of this House, by her Counsel.

Ordered, That the Petitioner be heard, by her Counsel, at the Bar of this House, upon Monday Morning next, against the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming the Charters and Liberties of the University of and the Colleges and Halls therein.

Ordered, That the King’s Counsel be heard also, upon Monday Morning next, against the said Bill: And that, afterwards, the said Bill be read a Third time.

Ordered, That the several Charters recited in the said Bill be produced to this House upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act against corresponding with their Majesties Enemies, was (according to the Order of the Day) read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Twelve a Clock; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the House do now.adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Teller, for.he } 70.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

/Sir Samuell Bamardiston, j c 1 Sir Jerv.Elwes, ( °0,

A Petition o i Anne Hamond, Relict of

of Somcrsham in the County of Huntington, Esquire, was read; setting forth, that whereas there is a Bill depending before this House, intituled, An Act for confirming the Charters and Liberties-of the University of Cambridge, and the Colleges and Halls therein; wherein there is a certain Clause inserted, whereby ... .(inter alia) That the Rectory of Somcrsham, with Colne and Pidley, Should stand appropriated to the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the said University, and their Successors for ever, in Trust for the better Support of the Regius Professor of Divinity in the same University; and that the respective Professors for the Time being, and their Executors and Administrators, Should be thereby impowered, in the

Sabbati, 20* die Februarii;

4* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better vesting and settling the Manor of East Horsley in Surry, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts of Phillip Hildyard, Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and the Title agreed to.

Ordered, That Major Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

An

Correspond-ingwith their Majesties Enemies.

Adjourn-

ment*

Hildyard’*

Estate.

r

4 W. & M.

St, Paul’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shadwell for incorporating the Proprietors of the Waterworks, in Waterworks, the Parish of St. Paul, in the County of Middle-

sex; and for the encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said Waterworks; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do.pass: And the Title agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Mathew Andrews do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

681

a Letter from Mr. Fuller, in the King's Bench, dated the p,to Nineteenth February instant; desiring, rJ hat an Order of attend, this House may be granted for lym, and the Gentlemen he formerly mentioned, to attend this House.

Which Letter was read.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King's Bench do bring Mr. Fuller to the Bar of this House, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Persons, mentioned by Mr. Fuller, do then also attend with Mr. Fuller: And that they be under the Protection of this House.

20° Februarii.

Lords reminded of of Bills.

Vernon's

Estate.

Halford's

Estate.

Pelham's

Estate.

Selling Lands in Lincolne,&c

Supply Bill; Duties on Low Wines.

Brewers not to he Maltsters.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put Mr. Clerke reports, That the Members appointed had Conference them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief prepared Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the nne<^er°r0f of Creditors, against fraudulent Devises. Lords, touching the Amendments, made by their Lord- Xythes.y

And also of a Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of ships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more speedy Creditors, against fraudulent Mortgages; and easy Recovery of small Tythes; which they had

And also of a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better pre- directed him to report to the House: And ..... he read venting malicious Informations, and more easy Reversal in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s of Outlawries in the Court of King's Bench; Table: Where the same were read, and agreed unto by

And also of the Bill, intituled, An Act for Prevention the House; and are as followeth;

. Frauds, by clandestine Mortgages. The Commons disagree to the Clause, marked X, sent

Ordered, That Sir Mathew Andrewcs do carry the said down by the Lords;

Message. 1 1. For that, by the Act, where the Proceeding is be-

fore the Justices, there is an Appeal given to the Sessions:

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act But, by this Clause, the Sentence of the Ecclesiastical for the better assuring to George Vernon, and his Heirs Judge is made final, though the Proceedings are to be and Assigns, Four Acres of Land in the County of Surry, summary, and may be determined ex parte, in case of was read the Third time. Default of Appearance.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title II. For that, by the Act, the Justices, in the first In-agreed to ' stance, or even the Sessions, upon the Appeal, if any Pre-

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow do carry the Bill scription, Composition, Agreement, or

to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath Title, be insisted on, ought not to proceed to Judgment, agreed to the same, without any Amendments. But this Clause makes no Provision in such Case: So

that the Ecclesiastical Judge may give Sentence in this An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act summary Way against legal Titles; and the Party is for to vest divers Manors, Lands, and leneuients, in the ever concluded, and without Remedy by Appeal.

County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold for the Pay- HI. For that this Clause subjects the Estates of the ment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir 11 Uham Halford, Subjects of this Realm to Executions, upon Sentences Knight, deceased, and for the Payment of the other given by Ecclesiastical Judges; which is what our An-Debts of Sir ll t/liam Halford, now living, prior to his cestors have never yielded to: And, if it w ere ever to be Marriage Settlement with the Lady Frances his now suffered, the Commons think it very improper to begin Wife, was read the Third time. it in Cases where the Proceedings are to be summary;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title where the Evidence, on which the Sentence founded, agreed to is not to appear in Writing; and where the Sentence is

Ordered, That Sir Samuell Barnardistondo carry the finaj in the first Instance.

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House IV. For that it makes the Justices of Peace, who, by hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To the Law, are Judges, in Cases which come before them, which they desire their Lordships Concurrence. to be mere ministerial Officers to the Ecclesiastical Judges;

which the Commons think to be improper, and a Dimi-A Message from the Lords, by Sir Myles Cooke and nution of their Character; anti apprehend, that it w ill be Sir La con Wm.Child', great Discouragement to Gentlemen, to undertake to Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Amend- serve the Crown, and their Country, in that Quality, if ments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An it shall be in the Power of every Ollicial Surrogate, or Act for securing, out of some of the Manors, Lands, Judge of a Peculiar, to require them to execute their Tenements, and Hereditaments of Charles Pelham, of Sentences, and to grant Warrants to distrain and sell Brockelsby in the County of Lincolne, Esquire, the Sum their Neighbours Goods.

of Five thousand Pounds, with Interest, unto Anne Pel- V. For that the Bill makes the Justices to be Judges, ham, eldest Daughter of the said Charles; in Cases of small Tythes; and it seems very incongruous,

And also to the Amendments made by this House to by the same Act, to make them ministerial Officers, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Manors, execute the Sentences of other Courts in the same Mat-Lands, and Rents, in the Counties of Lincolne, Berkes, ters, in which they themselves have a Jurisdiction; and and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for the buying other it may fall out, that if the Vicar complains to the Justices Manors and Lands, to" be settled for the same, or the against one Parishioner, and to the Ecclesiastical Judge like Uses, as those to be sold are now settled. against another, the Justices may, at the same time, be

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An issuing out Warrants for Executing of different Sentences Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty upon upon the same Question.

Low Wines and Strong Waters, and for preventing the VI. For that the Clause appoints, That if the Eccle-Abuses therein; without any Amendments. statstical Judge proceed otherwise than summarily, then

And then the Messengers withdrew. the Suit is, and shall be, dismissed from the Ecclesiastical

Court, with Costs: Yet there is no Provision, Who shall An ingrossed Bill for disabling Brewers to be Maltsters, dismiss that Suit; nor what the Costs shall be; nor how was read the Third time. the same shall be recovered; nor who shall pay them;

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass; whether the Party, or the Ecclesiastical Judge, who seems It passed in the Negative. to be the Offender.

VII. That the Commons cannot agree' to add the Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That he had received Words " Ecclesiastical Judges," in the 12th Line of the Vol. X. 8 K 4th

6$2

20° — 220

A. 1691.

London

Orphans.

4th Press; nor to the like Amendments in other Places, to the End of the Bill; because, in all the preceding Enacting Clauses, the^e is no Mention made of any Ecclesiastical Judge; but it is left solely to the Determination of the Justices of the Peace; and the Addition of " Ecclesiastical Judge" afterwards, would make the latter Part incoherent, if not contradictory, to the former Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire a Conference with their Lordships touching the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke do go with the said Message.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the distressed Orphans of the City of London, be now read the Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Hart<

rp , c XT [Sir Walter Young,

Tellers for the Noes, {u, chrke.

So it passed in the Negative.

Luna, 22* die Feb

4* Gulielmi et Marias,

Praters.

A

J 68.

1116.

Correspond- Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, lvri'esties^eir reso^ve^ itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Enemies. consider of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act against corresponding with their Majesties Enemies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Trenchard do take the Chair of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reports from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and are as followeth;

Pr. 2, L. 11, leave out x‘ First," and insert " Tenth and leave out " February," and insert " March"

At the End of the Bill, add " for any Time not exceeding Twelve Months."

The said Amendments were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read the Third time.

It was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Trenchard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Recovery of Tythes.

Mr. Clarke acquaints the House, That he had, according to their Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Conference with the Lords, upon the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Tythes: And that the Lords do agree to a Conference upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Newton’* for settling the Manor or Lordship of King's Brom- EsUt*« ley, and other the Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, and Hereditaments of Barbara Newton, Wife of Newton, late of the Island of Barbadoes in America,

Esquire, deceased, and John Newton, Esquire, Son and Heir of the said Samuell and the said Barbara, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sadler's to enable Sir Edwyn Sadler, Baronet, to sell Lands to Estate, pay his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Travers do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Quakers to impower the High Court of Chancery, and the Court Affirmation, of Exchequer, to accept of the solemn Answer or Evir dence of any of the People called Quakers, was read the Second time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be Committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellrrs for the Yprs /Sir Sam. B j

1 ellers for the Yeas,|Mr . Machell, j 73’

Tellers for the Noes /Mr‘ Shackerley 1 1 ewers for the in oes,|Sir m V/ 1 °3*

So it passed in the Negative.-

And the Question being put, That the Bill be rejected; ,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Sir John Hoskyns;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Amend- gt Paul’s ments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shadwell for the incorporating the Proprietors of the Waterworks WaUrwork*. in the Parish of St. Paul, Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex; and for the encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said Waterworks:

And also to the Amendments made by this House to Halford the Bill, intituled, An Act to vest divers Manors, Lands, Estate, and Tenements, in the County of Leicester, in Trustees; to be sold for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir JVm.Halford, Knight, deceased; and for the Payment of the other Debts of Sir JVm. Halford now living, prior to his Marriage Settlement with the Lady Frances, his own Wife.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being acquainted, that the Marshal of the puner»s King's Bench attended from Mr. Fuller; pretended

He was called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted the Discoveries. House, That Mr. Fuller was very ill, and not able to attend the House, according to their Order.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr.

Bowyer, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Chase, Sir «nd

Sir Math. Andrewes, do immediately repair to Mr. Fuller, and take his Examination and Information upon Oath; and secure his Papers; and to examine him. Who his Witnesses are, and where they live, and are to be found.

Alse

4W.&TM.

22° Februarii.

683

Conference on Bill for Recovery of Tytheg.

Duchy of Cornewall Leasing.

Fraudulent

Devises.

Corresponding with their Majesties Enemies. Butchers not tn sell live Cattle.

Causes in Chancery.

Clandestine

Marriages.

Also the House being acquainted, That Mr. had informed Mr. Arnold, a Member of this House, Where the said Witnesses would be this Morning;

Ordered, That Mr. Arnold do go to the Place w here Mr. Fuller told him his Witnesses would be, and bring them to this House.

Ordered, That the Members who prepared the Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, upon the Amendments made by them to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Tythes, do manage the said Conference.

And they went to the Conference accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Clerke reports, That they had attended the Conference, and given their Reasons to the Lords for their disagreeing to the said Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to enable their Majesties to make Leases, and grant Estates of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to the Duchy of Cornewall, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, Pr. 5, L. 33, by adding, after "grant," "any Tenement within the County of Cornewall."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable their Majesties to make Leases, and grant Estates of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to the Duchy of Cornewall.

Ordered, That Mr. Boscowen do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John

and Sir John Hoskyns;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors against fraudulent Devises, with some Amendments; to which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also they have agreed to the Amendments made by this Hause to the Bill, intituled, An Act against corresponding with their Majesties Enemies.

Also they do put this House in mind of a Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent Butchers selling live Cattle: And also of a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Reviving of Causes in Chancery, and other Courts of Equity:

And also of a Bill, intituled, An Act disabling Minors to marry without the Consent of their Fathers or Guardians; and against their untimely Marrying after the Decease of their Fathers; and for preventing all clandestine Marriages for the future.

Supply Bill; Loan on Excise.

Cambridge

University

Charters.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for borrowing of Money upon Two Acts of Parliament, the one made in the First Year, and the other in the Second Year, of their Majesties Reign, for granting several additional Duties upon ‘Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, in order to the more speedy Building of Seven-and-twenty Ships of War, by the latter of the said Acts provided to be built, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Committee do prepare, and bring in, a Borrowing Clause, for the enabling the finishing Three Ships now building, mentioned in the Act for the additional Duty of Excise.

Then (according to the Order of the Day) the Counsel for Mrs. Amy Hamond, and also for the University of Cambridge, were called in; and heard against, and for, the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming the Charters of Voi. X.

the University of Cambridge, and the Colleges and Halls therein.

And being withdrawn;

The Bill was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Masters, Provosts, and such Fellows, who by the Statutes and Usage of the respective Colleges and Halls, are Governors thereof, to allow, by Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, any Number of Fellows, not exceeding one Third of the whole Number of 'Fellows at a time, to profess Law or Physick; any Statutes, Ordinances, or Usages of the said University, Colleges, or Halls, to the contrary notwithstanding: And all Statutes and Ordinances of the said University, Colleges, and Halls, as to such Clause or Clauses in them, which oblige the Masters, Provosts, or Fellows, to the contrary; and all Oaths, or Part of any Oath, appointed to be taken by them, relating the reunto; are hereby abrogated, and made void. Provided nevertheless, That when, and as often as, any Fellow of any College or Hall in the said University, allowed to profess Law or Physick, by virtue of this Act, is m actual Possession of any Civil Office or Employment, of the yearly Value of Sixty Pounds per Annum, that then his Fellowship shall be made void, in like Way and Manner, as it might have been, if the said Fellow were inducted into an Ecclesiastical Benefice of the like Value, by the Statutes and Ordinances of the respective Colleges or Halls, before the making of this present Act.

And the same was twice read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read . the Third time;

' It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That this Bill shall not prejudice their Majesties, or their First fruits and Tenths, but that the said several Professors of Divinity, upon their Admittance into the said Places, and during their Continuance therein, shall pay to their Majesties the First fruits and Tenths, due for the said Rectories, in such manner, as if they had been instituted into the said Rectories; any thing in this Bill to the contrary notwithstanding.

And the same was thrice read; and, with some Amendments made, the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed upon to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Proviso was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That this Act, nor any thing the rein, shall prejudice or preclude Sir John Bolles, of Scampton in the County of Lincolne, Baronet, his Heirs, 8$c. of or from any Right, Title, Claim, or Demand, either in Law or Equity, that he or they now have, or at any time hereafter may have, against the Masters, Fellows, and Scholars of Sidney Sussex College in the University of Cambridge, or their Successors; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And the 6ame was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed upon to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill.

Pr. last, L. #, after " Cambridge," to insert " or to the President and College of the Physicians, London."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeHe, for the Yeas,{

TeH-for theNoes^-^. So it passed in the Negative.

} 69. }n9‘

Ordered, That Mr. Culleford do give in his Answer to jnsh this House, Tomorrow Morning, to the Report on Forfeiture!. Thursday last from the Committee appointed to inquire into the Disposal of forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Ordered,

22° — 23 d Februarii. A. 1691,

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Fraudulent

Devise*.

Aulnage

Dixy.

Committees.

Adjourn-

ment.

Butter and

Cheese

Trade.

Adjourn-

ment.

Trade in Cities, Ace.

Duke of

Grafton's

Estate.

Fuller's

pretended

Discoveries.

Ordered \That the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill for paying the Army, according to the Musters of effective Men, and for the better Paying of Quarters, and punishing Mutineers and Deserters, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Then the House took into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors, against fraudulent Devises.

And the same were twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth;

Second Pr. 16 L. after " Act," insert " And such Devisee or Devisees shall be liable and chargeable for a false Plea by him or them pleaded, in the same manner as any Heir Should have been, for any false Plea, by him pleaded or for not confessing the Lands or Tenements to him descended."

At the End of the Bill, add the Clauses marked ( #,) (())

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments,

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Customhouse; and giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill for remedying Abuses in Weighing and Packing of Butter, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for remedying the Abuses in Weighing and Packing of Butter.

Ordered, That Mr Goldwclldo carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Kocs,{

So it passed in the Negative.

/Mr. Mountague, [Sir Jon. Jennings,

}5I-

} 56.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill for preventing the Decay of Trade in Cities, Corporations, and Market Towns, be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground in the Parish of St. James and St. Martins the Fields, late the Estate of Henry Duke of Grafton, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title: agreed.

Ordered, That Mr. Goldxvdl do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That the Members who were ordered to repair to Mr. Fuller, do make their Report Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 23* die Februarii;

4° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Keeble’* to enable John Keeble, Gentleman, to sell certain Estate. Lands in Stow Market in the County of Suffolke; and to settle other Lands of greater Value, to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Goldwell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Bill to prevent the Decay of Trade in Cities, Cor- Trade in porations, and Market Towns, was read the Second time. Cities, &c. Ordered, That the Bill be committed to # *

Mr. Bowyer (according to the Order of the Day) Fuller’s reports, That the Members appointed had repaired to pretended Mr. Fuller; and directed him to report their Proceedings: Dlscovene*' Which he did do, as followeth:

That they first examined him, as to his Health: And, as to that, they did not only find him sick, but dangerously ill of Vomiting and Looseness, which he had had from Friday, Ten or Eleven of the Clock, and continued in a very violent Manner; and that they were Spectators of it themselves, and that he did bleed both Ways, and had Convulsions.

That then they examined him as to the Affairs of the Government: And that he said, He thought he lay upon his Death-bed, and would not say any thing in his Examination, but for the Discharge of his Conscience, and Service of this Kingdom.

That his Papers he had sent out in a Box to a I'riend, that they might be safe, if he miscarried.

That, when they read the Order for Securing of his Papers, he sent for them, and let them examine all his Papers; and all that were material they sealed up, with his Examination.

That, as to the Particulars of his naming his Witnesses, he did it very readily; and they are Persons, that, by the Character that is given of them, are able to do good Service: But Mr. Boyer said, He Should not name them, till he have the Commands of the House.

That Mr: Fuller did likewise tell, Where they did reside, and where’ they were to be found: But that he could not be positive, because he had not seen them since they came into England: And that only Messengers came between him and them; and the Messenger was then -asleep; and his Servants would not admit any to him.

That they did discourse the Doctor; and examine Mr.

Fuller, Whether there was any foul Play in his Sickness, and whether there was any Poison in the Case: And that the Doctor did give them an Account, That he saw no Symptoms of it: And that Mr. Fuller himself did tell them, That he did not know that he w as poisoned; but he had some Suspicion it might be so, because there was certain Persons, that he saw about a Fortnight ago at the End of the Alley where he lies, that he had accused in this House; and, when they saw him, they drove away the Coach; and some other little Particulars, whereby there might be some Suspicion: And that they had secured and brought all his Papers that are material, and Two of his own Hand-writing: His Examination and Information were taken upon Oath: And had sealed up the said Examination, and Information, and Papers; which they had directed him to present to the House:

And which he delivered in at the Table.

Ordered, That the same be opened and read.

And the same were opened and read accordingly.

And Mr. Fuller, in his Examination and Information, mentioning Mr. James Hayes, and Colonel Thomas Dal-lavall, to be Witnesses;

Ordered,

Judges Commissions and Salaries.

Irish

Forfeitures.

4 W; & M. 25* Fe&kiariii; 68 5

Ordered, That the said Mr. and Colonel

Tho. Dallavall be sent for immediately to attend the House.

Ordered, That Sir Mathew Andrews, and Mr. Arnold, and Mr. Hutchinson, do go, and take with them the Serjeant’s Men to the Place, where Mr. Fuller ha#,directed them the said Persons lodged, and to wham he described them; and bring the said Persons with them.

And accordingly the Members appointed went.

The Members, who went for the Witnesses directed by Mr. Fuller, being returned;

Sir Mathew Andraves reports to the House, That they

had been at the Place, directed by Mr. Fuller-, but that, upoit Inquiry there, both of the said Persons Names and the Description of their Persons, they could not hear of any such Persons to have lodged either at that Place, or the adjacent Houses; the Persons who owned the said Houses being all ignorant of any such Persons.

Whereupon it was Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do procure Mr. James Hayes, and Colonel Tho. Dellavall, the Two Witnesses he informed this House of, to attend this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock peremptorily.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do also procure Mr. of whom he also informed this House, to attend this House at the same time. .;,

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Franclclin and Sir John Hoskyns;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Commissions and Salaries of the Judges; with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 4, Line 8, leave out " or any Clause thereof." Line 13, leave out from " thereby," to " and, " in Line 3.

Press 5, Line 14, after " ancient," add " and."

Line 15, leave out " always."

Line 21, after "Courts," add "which Table so allowed, and signed by the respective Judges, shall be by them tendered to the Consideration of the Parliament at the next Session, to be by them approved, or altered, so as to be put into an Act, if they shall think fit."

And the same, being read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Young do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

O

Then Mr. Culleford, according to the Order of the

Day, gave his Answer to the Report from the Committee appointed to inquire into the Disposal of forfeited Estates in Ireland: And he delivered the same in at the Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To the First Part of the said Report, whereby Sir Charles Mercdeth, in the said Report mentioned, informed the said Committee, That he the said Sir Charles, and Mr. Vanhomewere not consulted in the Methods laid down by the Respondent, and the rest of the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, for settling the forfeited Lands there; and that he the said Sir Charles and Mr. Vanhomery, refused to sigu the same, after they were drawn fair;

Resp. The Respondent saidi, He believes the Lords Justice# did send for the Commissioners of the Revenue; and directed them forthwith to consider of proper Methods for settling the forfeited Lands; and to attend them with the same the next Morning,’by Eleven a Clock: That the said Sir Charles*Meredetk was with them, when

Vox..X.

they waited on the Lords Justices, and received the said Irish Directions; And, after they had come from the Lords Forfeitures.-Justices, the said Sir Charles excused himself for that Even-

ing; as did also Mr. May and Mr. But at the same time the said Sir Charles, and the said Mr. May, and

Mr. Lowther, did advise and agree, that the Respondent

and Mr. Ford Should call the said Mr. Thompson to them, and go together, and prepare a Scheme or Draught thereof: Which they accordingly did that Night: And the next Morning the Respondent brought the same to the Custom-house: And, Mr. Laud her and Mr. May being the re, and also the said Mr. Ford, the said rough Draught was there read, and approved of: And the said Sir Charles Meredith not coming early enough, the same was ordefed to be copied over fair: Which was accordingly done, and signed: And the said Sir Charles Mcredeth, coming in just before the fair Copy was brought up to them, was in a great Passion, because the same was copied fair before he had seen, and consented to die rough Draught: And the Respondent believes he refused, and did not go with them to the Lords Justices: But, whether Su Charles signed the same, the Respondent doth not remember; fiut is induced to believe the said S\r Charles might sign the same, because their Secretary always enters whatever Presentments, Letters, or other Orders, issue from the Board, in a Book; and also the First Letter of the Names, and First Letter of the Surnames, of each Commissioner that signs the same:

And the Respondent believes the said Scheme of such Method was so entered, and the Letters of the said Sir Charles Meredeth's Name entered likewise, as one that

had signed the same: But doth not remember any such Passage as the said Sir Charles taxing the

Secretary therew ith, or the raising or blotting the same out afterwards.

And the Respondent saith, That, when they had met to consider of the said Methods, he inquired into the / Course . had been taken, after the Rebellion in 1641:

And that the Forfeitures were then leased, by the then Commissioners, for One Year; and that such a Method would be the easiest, as well as the cheapest, Way; and that, at the Year’s End, the Books, wherein such Leases were entered, were returned into the Auditor’s Office, to the end Process might issue thereon, if Occasion required.

The Respondent heard, the Exchequer Officers made some Propositions of doing the same at an easy Rate; but, whether as cheap as the Method proposed, remembers not; but well remembers the Reason, Why they thought the other Method easier, was, because the Exchequer was not always open, and many Offices was to be gone through, and every Lease to be entered with the Auditor General, who, of course, every Half-year issues Process for the King s Rents: And they knew it was impossible for the Tenants to pay any till the Year’s End; and if this Method were preferred, it would be very uneasy to the Tenants: and therefore they chose the former Methods: Which, when they had signed, and delivered in to the Lords Justices, their Lordships communicated the same to the Privy Council there: Who approved thereof; and ordered them to pursue the same, in the settling the said forfeited Lands:

Which they did. And the said Sir Charlesbeing then one of the Privy Council, might there have off ered his Objections thereto, if he had so thought fit: And therefore the Respondent knows not what the said Sir Charles Meredeth means by the Expression, " That he looked on this Proceeding as the Rise of our Misfortunes " For it is well known, that the King’s Lands, set by the Commissioners, pursuant to those Methods at That Time, were better set than any private Gentleman did or could lett his Estate in that Kingdom.

The Respondent saith, That the Mills and Wears of Kilmainhair were not forfeited on account of the late Rebellion in that Kingdom: That the Title thereof was controverted betwixt several Protestants; viz. the Dean of Christ Church, Sir Maurice Eustace, and Mr. Flood: And the Chief Governors of Ireland have disposed thereof, for a Term of Years, or otherwise, as they thought fit: And the Quit Relit reserved to the Crown thereout is Twenty-

8 L three

686

23° Februarii. A. 1691.

Irish

Forfeitures.

three Pounds Ten Shillings yearly: And, in 1684, they were, by the then Lord Lieutenant of that Kingdom, granted to the Respondent at the said yearly Quit Relit; which he drily paid, and enjoyed the same till unjustly dispossessed thereof by the Lord That, just

before he was so turned out, he had expended and laid out Fifty-eight Pounds in the necessary Repairs thereof; and no Satisfaction was made him for the same: That soon after his Majesty’s glorious Victory at the Boyne, the Respondent (as other Protestants in that Kingdom, in like Cases, did) entered into the Possession thereof, conceiving himself restored thereto by the Intent of the Act made in this Kingdom, for restoring all Protestants who had been unjustly dispossessed of their Possessions: And, as soon as the Commissioners of the Revenue sat in Ireland, this Respondent, to strengthen his former Right, took a Lease from the Commissioners of the Revenue at the yearly QuitRent aforesaid: But the Respond-ent saith, the said Mills and Wears never yielded to the Respondent above One hundred and Twenty Pounds in the best of Times: Out of which this Respondent every Year made great Allowances for the Repairs thereof; and the Respondent set them this last Year for One hundred and Three Pounds, and no more: And this Respondent is liable to all Repairs and Accidents: And, what That will amount to, the Respondent cannot tell, until he hath had an Account thereof from his Lessee; but saith, that they commonly are very considerable.

The said Respondent saith, That he wonders to find the said Sir Charles Meredethsay, He was surprised in sign-

ing the said Lease to this Respondent: Whereas this Respondent saith, the said Sir Charles Meredeth did not sign it; and the said Mr. Vanhomery was not surprised in signing the same: for he knew all the Matters aforesaid relating the reto: And the Reason, Why the said Sir Meredeth did not sign the same, was, as the Respondent believes, because he was not in when it was brought

thither to be signed: And the Respondent doth not think the said Sir Charles Meredeth was surprised at any time, in the Signing of any Lease; but the Respondent humbly conceived the Excuse made by Sir Charles Meredeth, for not refusing to sign the same, viz. " that the King’s Affairs Should not be put in Disorder," can be Of little Weight; because, at the same time he signed such Leases, he pretends he suspected the same were in Trust for some of the said Commissioners: Which if he imagined to be got by Fraud, or otherwise, to the Prejudice of their Majesties Interest, he ought not only not to have signed the same, not being pressed nor urged thereto by any of the said Commissioners, or any other Person; but also to have made the same known to die Lords Justices: Which the said Sir Charles Meredeth never did, nor pretends to have done the same. '

The Respondent further saith, and denieth, that the Lands of Carduffe, Abbots Town, and Deanes Town, or

any or either of them, were taken in Trust for this Respondent, by any Person or Persons whatsoever; nor was the Respondent directly or indirectly concerned therein at or before the taking thereof: But, for Manifestation of this Truth to this honourable House, saith, That, according to the said prescribedMethods, the said Lands were duly posted up, and exposed to be set by publick Cant, or Outcry: And the same came on before the Commissioners: And many Persons had put in Proposals, and appeared, and canted for the same; and, among them, one Roger Noeland, a Protestant, who had Three several Judgments entered up against Thomas Warren, to whom the said Lands of Cardoffe, Cattleknock, &c. 'belonged; one of Fourteen hundred Pounds, for Payment of Seven hundred Pounds; the Second for Six hundred Pounds, for Payment of Three hundred Pounds; and the last for Three hundred Pounds, for the Payment of One hundred and Fifty Pounds; as this Respondent remembers: Which were actually extended before the said renwas outlawed: And the said Roger Noeland, in Consideration (as this Respondent believes) of his Incumbrance thereon, outbid the other Pretenders; and Deanes Town,

22

and Abbots Town adjoining thereto, took the Whole at Six Shillings and Sixpence per Acre: Which were all included in one Lease; and the whole Relit, for One Year, according to the Rate aforesaid, amounted to Three hundred and Nineteen Pounds Sterling.

And the Respondent doth say, That, at the time of taking and perfecting the said Lease, or at any time before, he was no ways interested or concerned in the taking the said Lands, or any of them: nor gave any Direction for the Taking thereof: And the same were then really and bona Jide set to the best Advantage, and for the highest and best Relit could be had or got for the same.

And the Respondent saith, That, some time after the said Lease was so perfected, the Respondent was informed, the said Roger Noland was desirous to have his Money; and he, by Friends, applies to the Respondent, to deal with him for the same: And the Respondent being persuaded to hearken to it, but suspecting the said Judgments were but fraudulent, with Design to cover the said Estate from Forfeiture, and the said Lease was taken in Trust for the said Warren the forfeiting Person, the Respondent went to Counsel: Who advised the Respondent to prefer a Bill in Chancery, to know whether the said Debts, so claimed by the said Noland, were real Debts due to the said Noland, or not; and whether the said Lease was really taken to the said Noeland’s own Use, or in Trust for any other, and what Person: And accordingly the Respondent preferred such a Bill: And the said Noeland answered the said Bill on his Oath; and therein swears the said Debts, due on the said several Judgments, were real Debts, and due to him the said Noeland, and not in Trust for any other; and that all the Money was due thereon: And said, That the Judgment of Three hundred Pounds, for Payment of One hundred and Fifty Pounds, was also due, as he conceived, though Satisfaction was acknowledged on Record; because, he said, that in the late Rebellion there, the said Warren had compelled him to receive the same in Brass Money, which was of no Value; and also swore, that he the said Noland had taken the said Lease of all the sai$ Lands in his own Name, and to his own Use, and not in Trust for any Person or Persons; as by the said Bill and Answer, remaining on Record in the Chancery of that Kingdom, may appear. After which the Respondent, and the said Noland, came to an Agreement: And the Respondent then paid down to the said Noland the whole Money due; but would not meddle with the Brass Money Judgment, because of the pretended Satisfaction thereof, as aforesaid: And, on the Payment thereof, the said land did assign the said Lease over to this Respondent, and the said Judgment to this Respondent’s Use.

And the Respondent saith. That theseTransactions were some considerableTime after the said Commissioners had perfected the said Lease to the said Noland-, but the exact Time this Respondent cannot ascertain, because that the said Assignments, and all the Papers relating thereto, are in Dublin-, and he hath no Paper or Entry in his Custody or Power In England, to guide or direct him to the Certainty thereof. '

And this Respondent saith, That afterwards he lett the said Lands of Abbots Town, and Deanes Town, to the said Thady Rime, and one Mr. Richard Collins, at the same Relit of Six Shillings and Six-pence per Acre, which the said Noeland had contracted to pay for the same: Which Lease was so made by this Respondent, in Trust Tor him the said Swetman.

And this Respondent confesses, He gave such Acquittance, dated Seventh of May 1691, to the said Thady Birne, for Fifty Pounds, Part of the said Relit: And the Respondent also writ such a Letter to the said dated October the twenty-seventh 1691, requiring him to pay the last Half-year’s Relit, being Fifty-four Pounds Ten Shillings, to this Respondent’s Brother: But.. the Respondent saith, No Part of the said Fifty four Pounds Ten Shillings is yet paid.

And the Respondent saith, He never heard the said Sir Charles Meredeth give such Advice to the Commissioners, not to take any of the said forfeited Lands, as by his

Information,

4W.r#, M.

Information, he insinuates.; norknows what Command or believes any such was ever delivered in to the Commis- Irish Directions he gave his Servant fyfackanzy concerning the sioners of the Revenue; but the same is some Abstract of Forfeitures, same: But. doubts not to prove, with the Leave of this the said Informant's own Framing: On View whereof, this honourable House, That the said Mackanzytook one or Respondent saith, Many of the Particulars therein are not ipore Lease or Leases, in his the said Mackanzys own. chargeable, as he humbly conceives, on the Commissioners Name, of some Part of the said forfeited Estates; and of the Revenue in general, or on this Respondent in par-be the said Sir Charles Mer, edeth knew thereof, and signed . ticular, as doth appear by the said Schedule given in by such Lease or Leases. , > said Colonel Fitzgerald; the Extract of which Particu-

The Respondent further saith, That he does confess,; lars not to be charged to the Accompt of the Commis-that the said Sir Charles Meredeth did not go over into sioners of Revenue, the Respondent hath made, and Ireland sooner than the latter End of August *690, as, by hath ready to produce; which, in the Whole, amounts his Information, lie sets forth: And the Respondent saith, to Eighty-four thousand One hundred Thirty-one Pounds He believes most Places in the Revenue were by that time Five Shillings Sterling, and is Part of the said Grand Sum filled up: But further saith, That such Protestants as had charged by the said Colonel Fitzgcrrald: Which Sum is to been in any Employments in the Revenue, who were turn- be deducted out of the said Grand Sum: And, besides that ed out in the late Government there for their Religion, Sum, there are the Values of the Particulars follow to be and had fled for England, and, returned afterwards, were deducted thereout; All the Goods of such whp subrestored to their several Places: And the other vacant milted, on the King’s Declaration, just after the Victory Place$,-where no such Protestant Officer appeared, were at the all Corn delivered, by the Lords Justices

filled up by new ones for the necessary Service of their Order, to the Commissaries of the Stores; also the Draught Majesties: But denies, That any in the Enemies Quarters Oxen, and all the Protestants Goods, that were seized in were filled up: But, if the old Officers came, they were, the Hands of Papists; which were restored to the Protes't-as the Respondent believes, promised to have their former ants, making out their Property thereto: Which, the Re-Stations and Places, as soon as those Parts, where their spondent saith, by the Acknowledgment of the said Colo-Charge lay, were reduced. ncl Funder his Hand, amounted to One half

And the Respondent saith, That, after the said Sir of the Goods seized by the Commissioners of Seizures, as Charles Mei'edeth landed, he recommended as many to forfeited: Which Acknowledgment of the said Collectors

Places in their Dispose, as any. others; and they were en- the Respondent is ready to prove. And the Respondent tertained, after they had been examined, and found qua- humbly offers the following Instance; viz. The Sub-Com-lifiedj as in like.Cases. missioners in the County of Wicklow made a Return of

And this Respondent, with all imaginable Submission, Seizures by them in that County, which they valued at begs Leave of this honourable House, to observe to them, about Six or Seven thousand Pounds, as he remembers;

That the said Sir Charles Meredeth, by his Oath of Com- which they, by Inventory, delivered over to the Officers missioners of the Revenue, is sworn and obliged to appointed by the Commissioners of the Revenue to receive discover and prevent all Frauds and Miscarriages in die the same: And, after several of the said Particulars had Managery of the Revenue, that Should come to his been taken away, under the Pretences, and on the Acknowledge. counts, and by the Orders aforesaid, or some of them,

And the Respondent saith, The said Sir Charles Merer the full Remainder and Residue of the said Particulars, deth hath not made either the Lords Justices, or the Privy so delivered to their said Officers, were by publick Outcry,

Council in Irelandnor the Lords of the Treasury here, disposed of; and the Produce thereof came but to Se-acquainted therewith; which he ought to have done, if he venty-five Pounds or Eighty-five Pounds Sterling, and no thought this Respondent guilty of any Corruption or Mis- more; which was the general Case in all other Counties: management: Which this Respondent the more admires And, as to the further Accompt of the other Particulars, at, because the said Sir Charles Meredeth hath been in the Respondent saith, He acted therein with the rest of England near Ten Months of the Eighteen, since the Re- the Commissioners of the Revenue; and the Respondent Auction of Dublin; and left the Respondent, and the doubts not, with the Permission of this honourable House, other Commissioners, to do his Duty; though he received to prove, that the same was managed, without the least his Salary constantly, as if he had attended the King’s Deceit, to the best Advantage: Bpt all the Accompts Service: Of which this Respondent often complained: thereof are in Dublin; and therefore the Respondent is

For which Reason, and because of the Words of Heat, utterly unable to give any other Answer at present: And that passed betwixt the said Sir Charles AIcredeth, B.nd the the Respondent believes the said forfeited Goods in the Respondent, at their Board; which the said Sir Charles said Schedule were seized after the time in the Collectors Meredeth, by his Information, owns; the Respondent Information mentioned; and that Part of them were the humbly lays before this honourable House, as«n Evidence, Goods of Protestants.

That this Information seems to proceed, and be an Effect The Respondent saith, he knoweth not whether the said rather of Resentment for some private Injuries conceived, Colonel, and the other Commissioners of Seizures, dis-than any thing else: And therefore humbly prays the same posed of any of the forfeited Goods; but have heard may be weighed, and considered accordingly. and believes they did: But saith, That, his Majesty

The Respondent confesseth. The said Colonel Fitz- having sent Orders to the Lords Justices, dated the 6th gerrald was one of the Commissioners of Seizures in Ire- of December 1691, to supersede and determine that Com-land; and believes, he served therein Four or Five Months; mission; for that the same was found to be of some Pre-and that, from those Commissioners, there were several judice and Inconvenience to the Subject, and little or no Schedules or Returns sent to the Respondent, and the other Benefit to the King; and the Lords Justices having sent Commissioners of the Revenue; which were certified by the that Accompt to the Commissioners of the Revenue; said Commissioners of Seizures, to the Respondent and his thereon the Commissioners did signify his Majesty’s and Brethren, to be true Copies of the Original Returns, to be the Lords Justices Pleasure and Directions to the said then made by the Commissioners in the respective Coun- Commissioners of Seizures: Which the Respondent hum-ties; with Orders to their Sub-Commissioners, to give the bly conceives, is the Prohibition in the said Information Particulars thereof up to the Commissioners of the Re- mentioned to have been sent from the Commissioners of venue, as was agreed, and directed by the Lords the Revenue to the Commissioners of Seizures.

Justices. And the Respondent further saith, That the Commis-

And this Respondent believes, The gross Amount of sioners of Seizures had nominated several Sub-Commis-the Value of the Whole, in such several Schedules, came sioners, in the respective Counties and Places, for the to near the Sum in the Information mentioned: But the better Managery of that Affair: And, after the Respondent,

Respondent saith, He never saw the Accompt or Schedule and the other Commissioners of the Revenue, had the said given in by the said Informant to the honourable the said general Accompt sent them by the Commissioners, for the Committee of this honourable House, nor ever heard or taking more orderly and act Accompts of what was Vo 1.. X. returned

aj®;, Fiebmarii.

688

a 30 Februarii. 16 91

Irish

Forfeitures.

returned to them, to be in the Custody or Power of such Sub-Commissioners, the Respondent and his Fellows directed some Collector, or other Officers of theirs in these several Places, to take and receive, from the said Sub-Commissioners, an Inventory, in Writing, of what they Should deliver to such Collectors or Officers, and the Quantity, and the Quality, and Value thereof; and to get the same to be signed by every such Sub-Commissioner or Sub-Commissioners: And, at the same time, directed their said Collector, and other Officer, to sign a Duplicate of such Inventory, and leave the same with such Sub-Commissioner or Sub-Commissioners; which was accordingly done every-where, as the Respondent believes: But the Respondent denies that he, directly or indirectly, had any Part of the said forfeited Goods sold to him, or to any for his Use, or hath any of them in his Custody or Power.

And this Respondent doth confess, he writ the Letter in the Information mentioned, marked (6), and dated the Two-and-twentieth November 1690, to Sir And owns, he took the said Lands of Town, in

the said Letter, in such manner, and for the Reasons herein after set forth: But how fairly and handsomely the said Letter was got from the said Sir by the said

Colonel FitsGerrald, may appear by a Letter from the said Sir Thomas Atkins, directed to this Respondent, and ready to be produced, bearing Date, at Dublin, the Second instant; to which this Respondent refers.

And, as to the said Lands at Cardiffe the Re-

spondent saith, the same lies in the County of Kildare; and contains, in the Whole, Two hundred Seventy-seven Acres, and no more; w’hereof Sixty-five are Part of the King’s private Estate, as belonging to the late Duke of Yorke, and the remaining Two hundred and Twelve Acres was the said Mr. Cardiffe's Estate.

And the Respondent further saith, That the said Mr. Cardiffe was Tenant to one Mr. a Protestant, for some other Lands in the County of Meatli, which he held by Lease for Twenty-one Years (whereof about Eight or Nine are yet unexpired) at the Relit of One hundred Pounds a Year: And the said JVillet having granted the Respondent a Power to receive the Relit and Arrears thereof, and the Respondent having applied to the said Mr. Cardiffe for the same, and the Arrears being Three hundred Pounds at least, the said used all imagi-

nable Subterfuges to avoid the Payment thereof, and privately removes his Stock from the said JVillet's Land to Cardiffe's Town, to prevent their being seized for the said Relit; and made several fraudulent Sales thereof, to defraud the said JVillet, and the Respondent: After which, the Respondent confesses, when the Lands in the said County of Kildare came to be set, he did direct, that the said Lands of Cardiffe's Town Should be canted for: And saith, that the said Lands were accordingly publickly canted for, without any Design or Intent of this Respondent to have the same taken at any low’er Rate than other neighbouring Lands of like Goodness.

And the Respondent saith, the same were then set for Three Shillings per Acre: And the Respondent did this innocently, and without any Design of Fraud; in hopes that, if the said Lands came to be sold, he might have some Consideration made him for the said Arrears, or, at least, a Preference to the Purchase thereof: And this Respondent doth believe the same was set at the full Value, and not at any Under-value: And the Respondent did not take the same out of any Hopes of present Advantage, or otherwise.

Anil, as for the said Sixty-five Acres, Part of the King’s said private Estate, he saith, the same was set in the Year 1670, for a long Term, at Two Shillings and Six-pence per Acre: And the said private Estate was not set up by publick Outcry, or Cant; but, by Direction of the Lords Justices, was ordered to be set at the former Relit, as all the private Estate was: And thereupon, the Respondent having taken the said other Parcel, for the Reasons aforesaid, and the said Sixty-five Acres being the worst Part of the said Cardiffe Toum, and no Person offering to be-

come Tenant thereto, the Respondent was willing and

content to give the former Relit for the same, which was Two Shillings and Six-pence per Acre; which was as much as the said Lands were worth in 1670, when Lands were of a greater Value than now they are: The Relit of which Farms, for One Year, amounted, in the Whole, to' Thirty-nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six-pence: And the Respondent laid out necessarily Twenty-two Pounds for repairing the House, and Out-houses, and Building, and to keep them stanch, and from falling down, which otherwise in Probability they would.

And the Respondent saith, That Colonel RedhasseU's Servants and Horses wrere quartered in the said House, and lay there five Months; in which time they consumed all the Com, Hay, and other Provisions there.

And the Respondent saith, That he lett the said Farm to Mr. Charles Monke for Three Shillings and Six-pence per Acre, and no more, who lett the same to one Mr. Stamms (as the Respondent was informed) for Eighty Pounds a Year, and' no more; but it was after that he the said Monk had, at his own Charge, sowed and ploughed the Crop then in the Ground.

And this Respondent saith, The said Increase did not reimburse the Respondent his Charges in Repairs, as aforesaid: And the Respondent denies the said Lands are, or ever were, worth One hundred and Twenty Pounds a Year, as-the Informant suggests.

The Respondent heard, several of the protected lYisfi were plundered by the Army: But the Respondent did not know how to remedy such Disorders; nor knew what the said Colonel Fitzgerald?s Thoughts were, nor what occasioned the Irish to fly out in Rebellion at the Bog of Allen: But the Respondent is most certain, he (this Respondent) was no Occasion thereof: Nor doth the Respondent know what Discourse the said Colonel Fitzgerrald had with George Fitzgerrald of s Wife.

The Respondent believes he signed the said Mr. Monke % Commission; but the Respondent denies he ever signed any Commission, either to the said Monke, or any other Person, to seize the Goods of the Protected, as well as Unprotected: and denies the said Monke ever had any such Commission as the said Informant Colonel Fitzgerrald alleges; as, by the said Monke's Commission, to which the Respondent refers, which the Respondent says is in Ireland, may appear.

The Respondent further saith, He knows not the Value of the said Srvetman's Estate, other than aforesaid, nor what Estate he had, except the said Lands of Abbott'% Toum, nor what Offers the said Swetman made the Informant: But the Respondent owns, he is possessed of Abbotts Town under the said Noeland's Assignment, as aforesaid-: And the Respondent hath great Reason to think the 6aid Informant Colonel Fitzgerrald brought all the Accounts he could, of any Mismanagements in the Revenue; for that he the said Colonel took such particular Care to get the said Letter writ, by this Respondent, to the said Sir Thomas Atkins, after the unaccountable Manner as by the said Sir Thomas Atkins' Letter appears.

The Respondent saith, He knows not what Commission the Informant Annsley had; but believes he was Sub-Commissioner of Kildare-, but doth not know that he seized New/ands in that County, nor whether he seized on all or any other of the Particulars in his said Information; nor knows whether he delivered the same, or any, or what Part thereof, to the said Monk: But the said Respondent owns, the said Mr. Monk was, by the Commissioners of the Revenue, employed to take the Accompts in the said County, from the Sub-Commissioners there: And the Respondent knows not what Pains or Expences the Informant Annsley was at in his Managery; but saith, He knew no Allowance given any of the Sub-Commissioners: And the Respondent believes, the said Sub-Commissioners have stopped, in their Hands, more than in Reason they could have expected for any thing the y did: And the Lords Justices are so far from thinking the Sub-Commissioners made fair and just Returns, that the Respondent hath an Accompt ready to be produced, dated at Dublin the 19th of the lastMonth; whereby the Lords

Justices

r

4W.tf M.

Justices have lately ordered all the said Sub Commissioners the Commissioners to dispose thereof: Which they did, irish For-toaccompt in the Exchequer, on their respective Oaths, for about Eleven hundred Pounds: Whereas the Respon- feiture#.

The Respondent knows not what the Informant An- dent believes, if the said Front eine could have got them nesley offered for Newlands, nor what he would have given into his Custody, it had been so much less to the King, for the same; but saith, That Neiolands contains about The Respondent, as to the Information of Mr.

Five hundred Acres, and is Part of the King’s private leighand Mr. concerning the settling Estate, which they were directed not to post up onexpose at an Under-rate by the Commissioners of the Revenue, to be canted, as the aforesaid Estates were, but the same saith, That, to his Remembrance, he thinks the same to lett for One Year to any Person that would pay the Relit contains Two hundred Acres of Land, which they set at reserved thereout in 1670: And, one Sarsfeild being the Thirty Shillings an Acre, to the said Sheriff and,

last Possessor thereof, and fled to Limerick, the Commis- in the Information; and then thought the same was well sioners considered how to dispose thereof, imagining the set: And further saith, That, before that, they did send said Lease was forfeited; and the said Respondent, not for the Tenants, and inquired into the Rents payable by having any Account of the said Mr. Annesleys Offer or them; but could get no account thereof: And the Re-Intentions, desired he might have the same, paying the spondent and Commissioners offered to them at Thirty former reserved Relit, which was Fifty-eight Pounds a Year Shillings an Acre; but that they would not.

(several Years whereof were then undetermined); and And this Respondent believes they were near Six Weeks accordingly had it; and, he believes, the same was really as in Treaty with the said Tenants; but could bring them much as the same was then worth: And further saith, That to give no more than Two-and- twenty Shillings or Threesome of the Troops of the said Colonel RedhasseU'sRegi- and-twenty Shillings an Acre: Whereupon at length they ment, being quartered there all that Season, consumed all did set the same, as aforesaid.

the Hay and Oats there; and, when they removed, they And the Respondent further saith, He denies he ever left only a Bill for Thirty-two Pounds, to be satisfied out signed such Order to the Sub Commissioners of Wicklow, of their Pay, no Part whereof has ever been paid or re- to seize the said Goods, notwithstanding his

ceived; and the Tenants there paid this Respondent about Protection; nor heard of the said Name, as he

Thirty-four Pounds more; and this Respondent sold what remembers, till on this Information; nor knows that Corn the said Troops left, for about Ten Pounds: But the any of the said Sandons Goods were seised; nor of any Respondent further saith, That, about Two or Three Application made, by the said Sandon, for Restitution Months after he had taken the said Lease, the honourable thereof.

John Jeffreson Esquire, one of the Justices of the Com- The Respondent owns, He owns St. Dowlas , by

mon Pleas, coming into Ireland, sent to the Respondent, Lease from the Church w hose Right it is; and denies Mr.

and informed him, That the said Farm of Nczolands was Mon Ice, holds or occupies any forfeited or other Lands,

leased to one Benjamine Hinton, of London, in Trust for for this Respondent. And this Respondent further saith, one Sarsfeild, an Inhabitant of London, who was no for- That he doth not know, that the said Mr. Collins is any-

feiting Person, and not that Sarsfeild w ho was fled with ways concerned or employed in the Revenue: But saith, the Irish, who the Commissioners thought to have been That he was a Commissioner of the Revenue under the the Lessee; and, producing the Deeds thereof, the Respon- late King Janies in Ireland, till the Defeat of the Irish at dent offered to deliver up the same to the said Mr. Justice the Boyne; and is indicted and outlawed in England.

Jefferson, for the said Sarsfeild’s Use: But the said Mr. As to Mr. s Information, the Respondent

Justice Jeffreson desired the Respondent to continue it at saith, The said Mr. Davis is one of the Surveyors of the

the reserved Relit for that Year: Which the Respondent Excise in the County of Dublin, but not Collector of the did, and, the last Michaelmas, gave the same up to the said Ale Licences; and that he has been in that Employment Mr. Justice Jeffreson. The Respondent owns he gathered many Years, and always looked on as a very honest and in the Crop for the last Year; as, with humble Submission understanding Officer in that Employment; but never, to this honourable House, he conceives was just for him till by this Information, heard he kept a Brew house, or to do, for the Reasons aforesaid. was a Brewer. The Respondent also owns, His Brother

The Respondent doth not know or remember any such is Collector of Excise in the county of ; but never

Lease of New Abby in the said County of Kildare, to the heard he was a Maltster, till by the said Information, said Mr. Monk; nor knows at what Rate the same is now As to Mr. Toby Butlers Information, the Respondent set, or was formerly set, nor the Number of Acres the same saith, That, after the Limerick Articles, the Respondent, contains, having no List by him to direct him therein: just as he was leaving Dublin, had an Account, that the Nor doth this Respondent know the said Mr. Annesley did said Warren of Carduffe had made some Applications to anything for old Connell, in the Information; nor remem- the Lords Justices to be restored, as included in those bers any thing thereof: But the said Informant hath given Articles: And the Respondent being ready to go on a good Reason why he had it not; viz. That Mr. Wesely, Shipboard, and not know ing w-here Warren would proto whom the same was leased, outbid him. The Respon- secute his Demands, he left a Caveat with the Lords dent knows not whether the same was so leased to the said Justices Secretary, stating the Respondent’s Claim; that,

Weesely, in Trust for the said Richard Thompson: But the whatever Order was made, the Respondent’s legal Right Respondent remembers, that the said Mr. Annesley, and might not thereby be prejudiced.

his Brother, had taken many Farms of great Value; and And, after this Respondent had left Ireland, the Lords the Commissioners insisted, and called on them, for Se- Justices did, by their Order, dated the 10th o curity for the several Rents; wdiich they delayed for several 1691, restore the said Warren to such Possession as the Months till the Commissioners threatened to expose them King had; with a Saving to all that had any Possession to be canted again; and, at length, they gave in Security, by any legal Title; as, by a Copy of that Order, ready The Respondent denies he U3ed any menacing or threat- to be produced, may appear, ening Expressions to the said Mr. Annesley. The Respon- The Respondent knows of no Complaint made by the dent saith, as to the said Mr. Fronteyne's Information, he said Toby to the Lords Justices; but does not believe the believes he had such a Warrant for some Wines for his Lord Coningsby made such Return or Answer to the said Majesty’s Use; but, for what Quantity, remembers not: Toby, as, by his Information, he sets forth.

And the Respondent owns the same was brought from As to the Information of John Kent, the Respondent Drogheda, where first seised, and taken into the publick saith, He knoweth not of the Discourse passed ’twixt the Storehouse; and that the Wine or Brandy were near a said Informant, and the said Collector of the Customs at hurfdred Hogsheads; and the said Fronteyne, after the Corke; but doth not believe there was such Discourse; but King was gone for England; insisted to have the said owns, the Respondent holds the Wharfage and Craneage Wines into his Custody; which the Respondent and his of Corke in the Name of Win. Cover: And the Reason of Brethren represented to the Lords Justices: Who, after it was this; About 1684, the Respondent being then a several Applications made by the said Fronteyne, ordered Commissioner in Ireland, and having Intimation of great Vo l. X. 8 M Frauds

23° Februarii.

689

690

23* Februarii. A. 1691.

Irish Forfeitures,

Frauds used ’twi xt the Officers and the Merchants the Respondent took a Journey on purpose, from Dublin to Corke, to inquire into the same; and on further Inquiry, made a full Discovery thereof, and turned out such Officers as he found faulty: And, observing, that, by the Situation of the Place, and the many private Quays, and several Parts of the Town, which the Merchants had, and no publick convenient Place for landing their Goods in the Presence of the whole Body of Officers, the Respondent communicated the same to the other Commissioners, then at Dublin; who represented the same to the then Ix>rd Lieutenant and Council: Who approved thereof; and then ordered the Respondent to set out and appoint such a Quay, and build a Custom-house thereon: Which the Respondent accordingly did, and fitted the samefor the Accommodation of the Merchants; which, the Respondent thinks, cost One thousand Four hundred Pounds.

And the Respondent saith, That the Entries of the Customs rose, the next Year, from betwixt Fourteen and Fifteen thousand Pounds to Twenty-two thousand Pounds; and continued so till the late Rebellion in that Kingdom. And the Respondent saith, That, over-and-above his own ordinary Expences, he was out in Disburse near Two hundred Pounds; which was never repaid him.

And the Respondent saith, That, the Cranage and Wharfage being out of Lease, this Respondent took the same at Seventy Pounds a Year, in the Name of the said IVm. Gover; and, by his Agreement, he is obliged to

maintain and support the Wharf and Crane, and a Person to attend the same.

And the Respondent saith, That he did not lease the same to any Person whatsoever: And saith, That the whole Produce of the Cranage and Wharfage, the last Year, amounts to Ninety-four Pounds, and no more; out of which he paid Seventy Pounds for the Relit, and Twenty Pounds to the Person that officiated: So that the whole Advantage the Respondent made thereof, the last Year, was Four Pounds, and no more. The Particulars of which Account, this Respondent saith, are amongst his Papers in Dublin; to which he refers.

This Respondent further saith, He owns the said Informant Kent was turned out of the Office or Place of Surveyor of the Port of Dublin, by the Board, because he had been employed all along under the late Government in Ireland, and concerned in many of the Hardships used against the Protestants there, and not really well-affected to their present Majesties Government: And particularly saith, That the said Kent was of such Esteem among the late Popish Commissioners of the Revenue there, that, when the French Fleet brought the Summer Supplies, for the Year 1690, to the late King, the said Kent was purposely sent from Dublin to Corke, to unlade the said Provisions and Stores; and afterwards was employed into all Parts of the Country, to take up the Protestant Goods, to lade on board the said Fleet back for Francewhich Power the said Kent executed very vigorously, to the great Oppression of the Protestants: For which Reason the Respondent confesses he was turned out: And the Respondent owns his Brother was put into the said Employment: and withal saith, his said Brother was Three Years employed in the Port of London, and fitly qualified, as the Respondent thinketh, for the Employment

The Respondent denies he oppressed any People in Ireland', and is a Stranger to the Particulars alleged in the last Part of the said Kent's Information; nor knows any thing thereof, or the Particulars, or Persons named therein: But saith, That, when any of the Protestants made their Claim, and proved their Properties, to any the Goods in their Majesties Stores, they had them delivered to them.

And the Respondent humbly hopes, that he hath given this honourable House a satisfactory Account of the several Informations and Charges against him; which is as much as he can do, having little Time, and no Papers, to which to have recourse to help him therein: And, if the Truth of any Particulars of what the Respondent hath insisted on, in his just Defence, be not sufficiently made out;

22

the Respondent humbly desires, That he may be allowed further Time to produce Proofs and Vouchers of every Particular from Dublin; which be will most willingly do; or that this honourable House will please to recommend the further Examination thereof to his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant of that Kingdom.

And, whereas several Persons have industriously and maliciously spread a Report, That this Respondent hath gotten Ten thousand Pounds, or some other great Sum, in Ireland, whilst he was there, not only by his corrupt Management of the Revenue, and forfeited Estates, but also by the Sale of all Offices and Employments of the Revenue: The Respondent, to clear himself from such unjust and scandalous Aspersions and Imputations, and to remove all Suspicions of that kind, humbly offers his Oath voluntarily, for the Vindication of himself therein: Which he prays may be read.

London, February JVm.

the 220, 169!.

The several Papers directed to be read, and so read, are as followeth; viz.

A Particular of such Sums as are not properly charged upon the Commissioners of the Revenue, but ought to be deducted thereout:

IMPRIMIS, Two thousand One hundred and Twenty-nine Acres of Mea- ! dow, at Twenty Shillings per Acre -J Item, Three thousand Three hundred! and Eighteen Acres of Fallow, at> Fifteen Shillings - - - -J

Item, Nine thousand and Three Black!

Cattle, at Fifteen Shillings - -J Item, Goods by him delivered out to!

the Lords Justices, and others -J Item, Necessaries delivered out by himj to Mr. Vanhomery, for the Use of the Army - -

Item, A List of Bonds Item, Arrears of Relit due from the' Lands seized as Lord King’s Lands, and other Estates; and which might have been secured before the Army marched into Quarters, had they not wasted the Tenants Stock, which is / now with-held by the said Tenants, to live upon, or that they are now unable to pay, as may be made appear ----- Item, Books seized in Dublin, and seve-I ral other Places, worth, at least -J Debts discovered, as Dr. Bromfeild's'j James Butler’s, the undertaking Ta-1 ker, Major Mathewes, LordGormon-) ston, Captain Levallen, and many[ others, to the Value of, at least Item, Informations of Goods, Money7 Plate, and other Things, which could not be prosecuted by the Interruption given the Commissioners of Inquiry, and the Discouragements put upon them, as can be made appear, would have amounted to Item, That, by several Returns, some of the Officers of the Army have taken Goods, to the Value -

j 1

£. s. d. 2,129-----

2,488 10 —

6,752 5 — 500-----

i,95o-----

18,290 3 —

22,750 -

74o-----

9,460-----

14,760-----

4,351 10 —

Total - .£.84,131-----

Whereas Mr. Culliford, and others, have informed me, That Captain Robert FitzGerrald, on his giving an Account

of the Affairs of Ireland to the Committee of Parliament appointed to that Purpose, . That he the said Captain FitzGerrald told the Committee of the Goods seized on by

the Commissioners of Seizures in Ireland, after the.

Boyne, amounted to One Million Three hundred and fifty

thousand

4 W. & M. 230 Fekmani. 69 i

thousand Pounds; but that he did not declare, that he knew of any of the said Goods so seized were delivered back to the Protestants, to whom they appeared to belong: I do hereby declare, and am ready to depose, That on a Sabbath-day in the Month of January last, the said Captain Fits Gerrald being sick in his Chamber, where he the said Captain wrote a Letter to the Lord Sidney, and made me read the same over to him, which he copied as I read the same; wherein, amongst other Things, he informed my Lord Sidney, That he had been examined before the said Committee; and that the Goods, so seized as aforesaid, were to the Value of One Million Three hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds; but that much the better Half were delivered to the Protestants; which, as nigh as I can remember, were the very Words he used; and which Letter I, at the said Captain’s Intreaty, carried to my Lord Sidneye’s House that Sunday, and delivered the same to the Lord’s Porter; who said lie would give the same to his Lord, as soon as he dined.

February the 20th, 1691. Jo. Langhan.

William Rex.

Right Trusty and Well-beloved Cousin and Counsellor,

and Right Trusty and Well-beloved Counsellor, We

greet you well.

WHEREAS We are informed, That the Commission lately granted by Us, under Our Great Seal of England, to Our Right Trusty and Right W7ell-beloved Cousin Francis Earl of Langford, and others, im powering them to inquire after, and seize for Our Use, such Goods and Chattels as they Should find to belong to any forfeited Persons, has been found to be of some Prejudice and Inconvenience to many of Our Subjects there, and of little or no Benefit or Advantage to Us: We think fit, That there be it further Proceedings upon the said Commission; and that you give such Orders as you shall find to be necessary for the Superseding and Determining thereof, and of all the Powers and Authorities thereby granted: And for so doing, This shall be your Warrant: And so We bid you heartily Farewel. Given at Our Court at Whitehall, the Sixth Day of December 1690, in

the Second Year of Our Reign.

By His Majesty’s Command,

Dublin. NOTTINGHAM.

Sir,

MY Lord Chief Ba/on acquainted me, that he had an Account by the last Packet, That Captain Fitz Gerrald had produced a Letter that you writ to me, and had exposed it, to your Prejudice, which much surprised me: But, inquiring into it, my Servants are ready to depose, upon Oath, That, when he lay at my House, I lying sick in my Bed, he got into my Closet; and, finding your Letter, took it away with him. I am sure, I never received any Letter from you (as I' told my Lord Chief Baron, and the Lords Justices), but what tended to the King’s immediate Service: For, had you been my Brother, and had writ to me any thing reflecting, or prejudicial to the King or the Government, I would immediately have gone and acquainted the Lords Justices with it. I take the Affront and Abuse on myself; and have sent to a Gentleman, a Friend of mine, to know what he means by it; which is all I can do at this Distance: Who am, Sir,

Your humble Servant,

To Wm.Culliford,

Esquire. Tho. Atkins.

By the Lord Justices of Ireland, Charles Porter, Tho.

Coningsby;

IT being represented unto us, That Thomas Warren, of Corduffe, in the County of Dublin, Esquire, is comprehended within the Articles for the Surrender of Vql. X.

we do hereby order and direct you to allow the said Thomas Warren to enter into the Possession of the Estate of Freehold and Inheritance, and now in their Majesties Hands, whereof he was actually possessed in the Reign of King Charles the Second, or at any time since by the Laws and Statutes that were in Force in the said Reign; upon his producing to you an attested Copy of a Recognisance, by him entered into, to their Majesties, in the High Court of Chancery, of the Sum of One thousand Pounds Sterling; with Condition, that if he the said Thomas Warren, his Executors and Administrators, shall not, nor do not, at any time or times hereafter, distrain, sue, molest, or implead any Person or Persons whatsoever, for, or by reason or pretence of, any Seizure, Trespass, Conversion, Arrears of Relit, or Receipt of any Sum or Sums of Money had, done, committed, or grown due, upon or out of the said Estate, or any Part thereof, at any time from the Tenth Day of April 1689, to the Second Day of November last; then the said Recognisance to be void. On Sight of the Recognisance aforesaid, under the Hand of the proper Officer, you shall send your Letters to such Tenants, as have the Possession of the said Estate under your Contracts, forthwith to quit such Possession to the said Captain Warren, as they had by you, or any Person employed by you; provided that such Possession does not extend to prejudice the Right of any Person or Persons who is or are also in Possession of the said Estate by any legal Title, besides that of their Majesties; and saving to all Persons, who have plowed any Part of the said Lands, the Custom of the Country, according to our Proclamation of the Twenty-fifth of September last; as also Conveniencies of Cover, if the Lands admit of it, for keeping the Fruit or Product of the said Lands, until they can conveniently dispose of the same: And, for so doing, this shall be your Warrant. Given at their Majesties Castle of Dublin, the Tenth Day of December 1691.

By the Lords Justices Command,

Iss. Feilding To the Commissioners and Chief Governors of their Majesties Revenue in this

Kingdom.

Middlesex and West-I The voluntary Deposition of

minster, Scc. J Wm. Cull Esquire, one of the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland.

WHEREAS some malicious and wicked Persons, out of Revenge and Envy, have industriously spread abroad several scandalous Reports, as if this Deponent had greatly enriched himself, to the Value of Ten Thousand Pounds, or some such great Sum of Money, by the Sale of Offices, and by other base and indirect Means, in Ireland', intending the reby, as this Deponent has reason to think, to give some Credit or Belief to the present clamorous Accusation against this Deponent in Parliament, and to arraign this Deponent’s Integrity in the Discharge of his publick Trust: This Deponent doth therefore voluntary depose and swear, That neither he this Deponent, for or by reason of the Disposal of any Office or Employment in the Revenue of Ireland, either by himself, or by any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, did ever take or receive the Value of One Six-pence for the granting any such Office or Employment to any Person or Persons whatsoever, either directly or indirectly: Nor has this Deponent gotten any Sum or Sums of Money whatever, by any indirector corrupt Means, or enriched himself thereby, as is most maliciously given out: But rather this Deponent doth further voluntary depose and declare, by reason of his great Family, and the great Charge and Expence this Deponent has been at, and the Smallness of the Salary, this Deponent is, in his own private Fortune, at this Day, a worse man by Three hundred Pounds, than when he this Deponent went last for Ireland, over and besides all Profits and Advantages whatever, which this Deponent has received and enjoyed by his Employment, as a Commissioner of the Revenue of

Ireland.

Irish Forfeitures;

692 23° Febru A. 1691.

Ireland, either by any Ways or Means, directly or indirectly.

Jurat’ coram me, IVm. Culliford.

22° Februarii i6pf.

Hugh Chamberlen

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Bush, Secretary

to the Commissioners of the Revenue of Ireland, dated

19th January 1691.

THE Lords Justices have directed, That the Sub Commissioners of Seizures be called upon, by the Court of Exchequer, to force them to a fair Accompt: And Yesterday was a Consultation, at our Board, between the Commissioners, Lord Chief Baron, Barons, and the King’s Counsel: And an Oath is to be drawn, to be offered to the Sub Commissioners, which will purge their Consciences, if any tiling easy to be wrought on; but such as will, may have Liberty to mend their Returns, before they swear.

Ordered, That the said Answer be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Punishing Then the House proceed to take into Consideration Mutiny and the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Desertion. An Act for punishing Mutineers and Deserters, preventing false Musters, and paying the Army according to the Musters of effective Men, and for better paying of Quarters: And the same were read; and are as followeth;

I Press, 26 Line, for " elsewhere," read " Dominion

of Wales, or the Town of upon Tweed

3 Press, 15 Line, leave out from " Captain," to " and, " in the 20th Line.

4 Press, 32 Line, instead of " Commanders in Chief of the Army," read " Colonel or Officer commanding

in Chief such Regiment."

9 Press, 27 Line, after " War," read " excepting in the Months of November, December, January, or February, when any Number, not exceeding Five, may have Leave to be absent."

9 Press, 30 Line, for " extraordinary," read " particular."

10 Press, 3 Line, after " hereof," insert " if the

Offence be committed in England or Ireland; but, if the same be committed in other Place, then to the Use of Chelsea College

II Press, 18 Line, after " present," add " excepting such Cases where Oath shall be made by Two Witnesses, before some Justice of the Peace of the County where such Muster hath been made, That such Mayor, Chief Magistrate, or Officer, hath had due Notice of such Muster, and refused or neglected to appear at the same."

12 Press, 36 Line, Leave out from " the," to " and, " in the 38 Line; and insert " Officer, Soldier, or other Person, who shall discover the same, shall have all the Arrears of the Pay due to the Officers so cashiered: Which the Paymaster General is hereby required forthwith to pay accordingly."

17 Press, 36 Line, after " Soldiers" add " in such Places only."

37 Line, after " there," add " paying duly for all they shall have."

19 Press, 9 Line, leave out from " that," to " no," in 29 Line.

20 Press, 3 Line, after, " Act," read " last certified."

At the End of the Bill, add Clause marked A;

" And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commander or Officer of any Regiment, Troop, or Company, or any Person by his Order, or any Constable, or other Officer of any Parish or Place in England, or Ireland, Wales, or Town of upon

Tweed, shall exact or take any Sum of Money, or other Reward, to exempt any Person from providing or using Carriages, Waggons, or Horses, where there shall be necessary Occasion upon the March of any Troop or Company, or to free or discharge any Person duly summoned or pressed for that Service; then, upon full Proof thereof

made by Two or more credible Witnesses, before One or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Town,

Corporate, where such Offence shall be committed, the respective Persons, so offending, shall suffer the several Penalties and Punishments herein after-mentioned; the Commander or Officer of such Regiment, Troop, or Company, shall be utterly disabled from serving their Majesties in any Office or Employment, Military or Civil, by the Space of Three Years then next following: And the Constable, or other Officer, of any Parish or Place aforesaid shall be, by the Justice of Peace, before whom such Proof shall be made, as aforesaid, committed to Prison, there to remain for the Space of Three Months, without Bail or Mainprize."

The first Five of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Sixth Amendment, to Press, Line 3, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The next Amendment being read a Second time, the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Eighth Amendment, 12 Press, Line 36, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Two next Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Eleventh and Twelfth Amendments being severally read a Second time;

And the Question being severally put thereupon, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendments;

It passed in the Negative.

Then Clause A being read a Second time;

And the Question was put, That the Clause be read a Third time: And

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Chr. Musgrave,

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Harley, Mr. Herbert, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Wharton, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Smith, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Sir Robert

Cot ten, Sir John Guise, Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Jon. Jennings, Sir Jos. Williamson,

Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Travers, Sir Math. Andretos, Sir

Peter Colliton, Mr. Clarke, Colonel Cornwall, Mr. Bos-emoen, Mr. Hutchinson, or any Five of them, to prepare Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to the Amendments to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for the Punishing of Mutineers and Deserters, preventing false Musters, and paying the Army according to the Musters of effective Men, and for the better Paying of Quarters: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Conference Lords, upon the said Amendments. with Lord*.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning French at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Protestant*, whole House, to consider of the Motion on Wednesday last, for a Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Relief of the Poor French Protestants.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning supply Bill; at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Loan on whole House, to consider of the Bill for Borrowing of *-xc‘se-Monies upon Two Acts of Parliament, the one made in the First, and the other in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, for granting several additional Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, in order to the more speedy Building of Seven-and-tw enty Ships of War, by the latter of the said Acts provided to be built.

Ordered,

4 W. M. 230 — 240 69 3

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees (except the Committee for preparing the Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutineers and Deserters, preventing false Musters, and paying the Army according to the Musters of effective Men, and for better paying of Quarters) be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii. 24* die Februarii;

t

40 Gulielmi ct Mariae.

Prayers.

Supply Ml; A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir Po ax. /i'«, and Sir Robert Legard;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for raising Money by a Poll, payable Quarterly, for one Year, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France', without any Amendments. Also Keeble’s The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by

Estate. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Keeble, Gentleman, to sell certain Lands in Store in the County of Suffolke; and to settle other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Fuller’s Resolved, That this House doth declare, That Wm.

pretended Fuller is a notorious Impostor, a Cheat, and a false Ac-Discovene*. cuser. having scandalized their Majesties, and their Government, abused this House, and falsely accused several Persons of Honour and Quality: And that an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, to command his Attorney General to prosecute the said Wm. Fuller accordingly.

French Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of

Protestant*., the whole House, to consider of the Motion made for a Supply to his Majesty, for Relief of the poor French Protestants.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Clayton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Loris Mr. Wharton reports, That the Members appointed to

Amendment* prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the to Mutiny Lords for disagreeing with the Lords to the Amendments

1 made by them to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing

Mutineers and Deserters, had prepared the same, accordingly: Which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Table: Where the same were twice read; and with some Amendments made by the House, were agreed unto; and are as followeth; viz.

1. To the Amendment made in the loth Press, Line 3d, the Commons disagree for this Reason; That it is the undoubted Right of the Commons only, to appoint pecuniary Mulcts, and the Distribution of them.

2. The Commons do disagree to leave out the Words proposed in the Amendment, Press 12th, Line 36th; because it is a just and reasonable Encouragement to any Officer to behave himself well in his Place, when he hath a Right to succeed his superior Officer, when the Place shall become void: And the Commons do disagree to the Words by your Lordships, in the said Amendment, inserted; because it is the Disposal of Money.

3. The Commons do disagree to your Lordships Amendment in Press 19, from Line the 9th to the 29th; because it leaves out a Clause which is of great Advantage to the Kingdom, in saving their Money; and is no other Charge upon the Army, than what your Lordships have thought reasonable to be deducted in all the Bills that have passed, for that Purpose, during the War: and

Vol. X.

was, by the Commons, considered in the Estimate of the Charge of the War for the next Year.

4. The Commons do disagree to the Words " last certified," Press 20th, Line 3d; because those Words refer to an Amendment disagreed unto by the Comlhons, and therefore are improper.

The Commons do disagree to the Clause marked A; because there is no Law to warrant any Commander or Officer of any Regiment, Troop, or Company, to press any Horse or Waggons for their Ma jesties Service; and this Clause doth seem to authorize the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Wharton do go to the Lords; and Conference desire a Conference with their Lordships, upon the desired with Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, Lords*

An Act for the punishing of Mutineers and Deserters, preventing false Musters, and paying the Army according to the Musters of effective Men, and for the better Paying of Quarters.

A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. Deputy Royal Assent

Usher of the Black Rod; to

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for raising Money by a Poll, payable Quarterly, for one Year, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1692; although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

An Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty upon Low Wines and Strong Waters, and for preventing the Abuses therein.

An Act against corresponding with their Majesties Enemies.

An Act for the more effectual Discovery and Punishment of Deerstealers.

An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of Carriages of Goods.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Breeding and Feeding of Cattle.

An Act for Relief of Creditors, against fraudulent Devises.

An Act for the better Explanation, and supplying the Defects, of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor.

An Act to take away Clergy from some Offenders, and to bring others to Punishment.

An Act for the Sale of the Manor of with

its Appurtenances, in the County of Devon, being the Lands and Estate of Nicholas Marlin, Esquire, by Trustees herein after named, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Nicholas Martyn.

An Act to vest the Estate late of Henry Dra.v, Esquire, deceased, in Thomas Shatter den, Gentleman; and to en-

able the said Thomas Shattet'den, and others, to whom the said Estate is devised, to make a Jointure,

An Act for enabling Sir Dudley Cullum, Baronet, to raise Monies, to pay his Brothers and Sisters Portions.

An Act to enable the Sale of several Lands, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Maurice , and others; and for settling other Lands, instead of them.

An Act to enable Trustees to sell the Estate of Edu ard Smith, Esquire, deceased, to raise Money for the Payment of his Debts; and to make a Provision for his Children, who are Infants.

An Act for the Enabling of Sir Tho. Burton, Baronet, to sell Lands for Payment of Debts.

An Act to enable Wm. Docile to sell some Lands for Payment of Debts.

8 N An

694 24° Februarii — 1 a®

Royal Assent An Act for the enabling the Right honourable Charles to Bills. Earl of Wmchelsea. to settle a Jointure upon any Wife he shall marry during his Minority.

An Act for the better enabling the Trustees and Executors of Richard Campion, deceased, to perform hisWill.

An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Right honourable James Lord Waldgrav to make Leases, and grant Copyhold Estates, for the Payment of the Arrears of Annuities of Henry Lord his Father, deceased.

An Act for enabling Francis , Esquire, to sell the Manor oi Bayhous, and Lands, in West Thorock, in the County of Essex; and to purchase and settle other Lands, in lieu thereof.

An Act for enfranchising several Copyhold Lands and Tenements, holden of the Manors of and North

Myms in the County of Hartford.

An Act for the better securing the Portions, Debts, and Legacies, given and owing by James late Earl of Salisbury.

An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Cripps, Gentleman, in the County of Kentand for settling another Estate,

of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

An Act to vest certain Lands of Wm.

Gentleman, in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, for paying the Portions to his younger Brother and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in the Court of Chancery.

An Act for naturalizing of Mainhardt, Duke of Leinster, and others.

An Act for the enabling Phillip Lord Stanhopp, Son and Heir-apparent of the Right honourable Phillip Earl of Chesterfeild, together with the said Earl, to make a Jointure and Settlement, upon the Marriage of the said Phillip Lord Stanhopp.

An Act to enable Henry Hoisted to make a Lease, for the Improvement of his Prebend of Ealdstreete, in the Church of St. Paul, London.

An Act to enable the Bishop of London, and Trustees, to sell the Manor of Bush in the County of Worcester,

Part of the Bishoprick of London, and to purchase other Lands to be annexed to the said Bishoprick, for the Improvement thereof.

An Act for the Settling of certain Messuages, Mills, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Merioneth, upon certain Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, towards the Payment of Debts of Wm. Vaughan, and Jenkin Vaughan, Esquires, deceased.

An Act for the enabling Vincent Grantham, Esquire, to lease Part of his Manor of Golthoe in Lincolnshire-, for the 'raising Monies to pay Portions and Debts charged thereupon.

An Act for Naturalizing of Armand Com-

tnmt, commonly called Marquis of and

others.

An Act to enable the Trustees of James late Earl of Suffolke, to sett the Manor of Hadstock in Essex, and for discharging several other Manors and Lands of the said late Earl from Five thousand Pounds, Remainder of Ten thousand Pounds, by him formerly charged thereon.

An Act for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of ElizabethCwr/w Widow, late deceased, and Performance of an Agreement, touching the same, made between Charles Curtis, in his Life-time, and Earle, according to a Decree in the High Court of Chancery.*

An Act for the vesting several Manors, Lands, and Rents, in the Counties of Birkes, and

jn Trustees, to be sold for the buying other Manors and

Mart is, 12° die Aprilis;

4° Gulielmi et Mariae; Annoque Domini 1692.

Scarborough f\RD ERED, That Mr. Speakerdo issue his Warrant

Wrjt. L/ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-

22

1692.

Lands, to be settled for the same or the like Uses as those to be sold are now settled.

An Act for securing, out of some of the Manors,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of Pel-

ham, of Brockelsby in the County of Lincolne, Esquire, the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, with Interest, unto

Anne Pelham, eldest Daughter of the said Charks.

An Act for the better vesting and settling the Manor of East Horsley in Surrey in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts of Phillip Hildyard, Esquire.

An Act for the better assuring to Geoi'ge Vernon, and his Heirs and Assigns, Four Acres of Land in Ebisham in the County of Surrey.

An Act for incorporating the Proprietors of tlje Water Works in the Parish of St. Paul, in the County of Middlesex; and for the encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said Water Works.

An Act to vest divers Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Wm. Halford,

Knight, deceased, and for Payment of the other Debts of Sir Wm. Halford, now living, prior to his Marriage Settlement with the Lady Frances his now Wife.

An Act for settling the Manor and Lordship of King's Bromley, and others the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of Barbara Newton, Widow, Relict of Samuel Newton, late of the Island of Barbadoes in America, Esquire, deceased, and John Newton, Esquire,

Son and Heir of the said Samuell, by the said Barbara.

An Act to enable Sir Edwin Sadler, Baronet, to sell Lands, to pay his Debts.

An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground in the Parish of St.James's, and Martin's in the Fields, late the Estate of Henry Duke of Gref ton, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold.

An Act to enable John Kcebk, Gentleman, to sell certain

Lands in Stow Market in the County of Suffolke; and to settle other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses.

And that, afterwards, his Majesty was pleased to make The King* a gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as fol- SPeeti*-loweth;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I Return My hearty Thanks to you All for the great Demonstrations you have given Me of your Affections in this Sessions; and of your Zeal for the Support of the Government.

And I must thank you. Gentlemen of the House of Commons, in particular, for the great Supplies you have granted for the Prosecution of the War: I assure you, I shall take care so to dispose of the Money you have given Me for the publick Occasions, as that the whole Nation may be intirely satisfied with the Application of it.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I think it proper to acquaint you with My Intentions of going beyond Sea very speedily; which, I am afraid have been already retarded more than is convenient for the present Posture of Affairs: And, upon that Account,

I think it necessary to put an End to this present Meeting; the Season of the Year being now so very far advanced, that it may prove of the last ill Consequence to continue it any longer.

And that, afterwards, the Lord Chief Baron of the Adjoum-Court of Exchequer declared to both Houses, That it ment. was his Majesty’s Pleasure, That both Houses Should adjourn themselves until the Twelfth Day of April next

ment for the Borough of Scarborough in the County of Yorke, in the Room-of Thompson, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Carlisle the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Carlisk, in the room of Bubb,

Esquire, deceased.

A Message

4W. 8C M. WAprilis — M0Maii~, U*Jumi-^\\°Julii — <Z<¥Aug-46°

Parliament

prorogued.

A Message by Sir Thomas Gentleman Usher

of the Black Rod;

M*. Speaker,

The Lbrds, authorized by virtue of their Majesties Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; and heard the said Commission read; Which was, for proroguing this Parliament until Tuesday the Four-and-twentieth Day of May next.

And accordingly this Parliament was prorogued until Tuseday the Four-and-twentjeth Day of May next.

Martis} 24* die Mali’,

4* Gulielmi etMariie; Annoque Domini 1692.

Parliament t11JJ £ Parliament being prorogued to this Day; and 1 the House being met;

A Message was delivered, by Sir Thomas Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of their Majesties

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; and heard the said Commission read: Which was, for proroguing this Parliament until Tuesday the Fourteenth Day of June next.

And accordingly this Parliament was prorogued until Tuesday the Fourteenth Day of June next.

695

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Martis, 14* die;

4° Gulielmi et Marias; Annoque Domini 169?.

THE Parliament being prorogued to this Day; and the House being met;

A Message was delivered by Sir Thomas,

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of their Majesties

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; and heard the said Commission read: Which was, for proroguing, this Parliament until Monday the Eleventh Day of July next.

And accordingly the Parliament was prorogued until Monday the Eleventh Day of July next.

Luna, 11* dieJulii;

4° Gulielmi et Mari*; AnnoQue Domini 1692.

Parliament rviHE Parliament being prorogued to this Day; and further J_ several Members of this Hpuse being this Day met

prorogue . House; and Mr. Speaker, by reason of Sickness,

being absent;

A Message was delivered by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of their Majesties

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read;

And accordingly the Members here, with the Clerk of this House, went up to the House of Peers j and heard the said Commission read: Which was, for the proroguing this Parliament until Monday the Twoand-twentieth Day of August next.

And accordingly the Parliament was prorogued until Monday the Two-and-twentieth Day of August next.

T-

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Luna, 22° die;

4® Gulielmi et Mari*; Annoque Domini 1692.

THE Parliament being prorogued to this Day; and the House being met;

A Message was delivered by Mr. , Deputy

Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of their Majesties

Commission, de'sire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with th,e Jjqtjse, went up to the House of Peers; and bear'd the said Comiqi$-sion read: Which was, for the ppqrpgying this Parliament until Mondqy the Twenty-sixth of September pext.

And accordingly the Parliament was prorogued until Monday the Twenty-sixth of

~" — T — rrr

Luna, 26* die

4* Gulielmi et Marise; Annoque Domini 1692.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

THE Parliament being prorogued to this Day; and several Members of this House being this Day met in the House; and Mr. Speaker being absent at the Bath, for Recovery of his Health;

A Message was delivered, by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of their Majesties Vol. X.

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

And accordingly the Members here, with the Clerk of this House, went up to the House of Peers; and heard the said Commission read: Which was, for the proroguing this Parliament until Friday the Fourth Day of November next.

And accordingly the Parliament was prorogued until Friday the Fourth Day of November next.

696

4° Novembris. A. 1692.

Message to attend the King.

The King’s

Speech

reported.

Veneris, 4* die Novembris;

Gulielmi etMarite, 40; Annoque Domini 169*2. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers, to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That his Majesty had been pleased to make a gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament: And, to prevent his Mistake in Reporting thereof, he had desired, and obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as follows;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I AM very glad to meet you again in Parliament, where I have an Opportunity of thanking you for the great Supplies you have given Me, fertile Prosecution of this War: Ana I hope, by your Advice and Assistance, which has never failed me, to take such Measures as may be most proper for supporting our common Interest, against the excessive Power of France.

We have great Reason to rejoice in the happy Victory, which, by the Blessing of God, we obtained at Sea; and I wish I could tell you, that the Success at Land had been answerable to it: I am sure, my own Subjects had so remarkable a Part in both, that their Bravery and Courage must ever be remembered to their Honour.

The French are repairing their Losses at Sea with

f'eat Diligence; and do design to augment their Land orces considerably, against the next Campaign: Which makes it absolutely necessary for our Safety, that, at least, as great a Force be maintained at Sea and Land, as we had the last Year: And therefore I must ask of you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, a Supply suitable to so great an Occasion.

I am very sensible how heavy this Charge is upon My People: And it extremely afflicts me, that it is not possible to be avoided, without exposing ourselves to inevitable Ruin and Destruction.

The Inconvenience of sending out of the Kingdom great Sums of Money, for the Payment of the Troops abroad, is indeed very considerable: And I so much wish it could be remedied, that, if you can suggest to Me any Methods for the Support of them, which may lessen this Inconvenience, I shall be ready to receive them with all the Satisfaction imaginable.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

None can desire more than I do, that a Descent Should be made into France'. And therefore, notwithstanding the ‘Disappointment of that Design this last Summer, I intend to attempt it the next Year with a much more considerable Force: And, so soon as I shall be enabled, all possible Care and Application shall be used towards it.

And, upon this Occasion, I cannot omit taking notice of that signal Deliverance, which, by the good Providence of God, we received the last Spring, to the Disappointment and Confusion of our Enemies Designs and Expectations. This bus sufficiently shewn us, how much we are exposed to the Attempts of France, while that King is in a Condition to make them: Let us therefore improve the Advantage we have at this time, of being joined with most of the Princes and States of Europe, against so dangerous an Enemy! In This surely all Men will agree, who have any Love for their Country, or any Zeal for our Religion. I cannot therefore doubt, but you will continue to support me in this War, against the declared Enetpy of this Nation: and that you will give as speedy Dispatch to the Affairs before you, as the Nature and Importance of them will admit; that our

Preparations may be timely and effectual, for the Preservation of All that is dear and valuable to us. I am sure I can have no Interest but what is yours: We have the same Religion to defend: And you cannot be more concerned for the Preservation of your Liberties and Properties, than I am, that you Should always remain in the full Possession of them; for I have no Aim but to make you a happy People.

Hitherto I have never spared to expose My own Person for the Good and Welfare of this Nation: And I am so sensible of your good Affections to me, that I shall continue to do so, with great Cheavfulness, upon all Occasions, wherein I may contribute to the Honour and Advantage of England.

A Bill for the better preventing Butchers selling live Selling live Cattle, was read a First time. Cattle.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand sit, every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. Comm

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit, every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit, every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit, every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Elections and Privi- Committee of leges be appointed of the Persons following; Mr. Ser- Pnvjlegee. jeant Trenchard, Sir Jos. Jenkinson, Mr. Travers, Mr.

Guy, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Mr.

Biddulph, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Richard Temple, Mr.

Gzvyn, Sir Joseph Herne, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Etterick,

Lord Ranelagh, Sir John Knatchbull, Sir fViUiam Ellis,

Mr. Clerke, Sir William Yorke, Mr. Nicholls, Mr. Bertie,

Lord Faulkland, Sir Baivcher Wray, Lord Elan, Sir Rich. Onslow, Colonel Godfrey, Sir Wm. Strickland,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hun Mr. Haw-trey, Sir Hen.Johnson, Sir William Forester, Mr! Hedger,

Sir John Guise, Sir John Thompson, Lord Marquis Win-

chester, Sir Cka. Raleigh, Colonel Kirby, Colonel PciTy,

Mr. Mayne, Mr. Parker, Sir Wm. Sir

Cotton, Mr. Chadwicke, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Serjeant Blenco, Major Beake, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Major Vincent, Mr. Dolben, Colonel Cormcall, Mr. How, Sir Peter Colliton, Mr. Price, Sir Peter Rich, Lord Mr.

Paul Foley, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Parkhurst, Lord Paw-left, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir John St. Auban, Mr. Bennett,

Sir Step. Evans, Sir Hen.Ashurst, Mr. Herbert, Mr.

Campion, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Brockman, Sir John Brown-low, Mr. Willmott: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Three of the Clock in the Aftemooh, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and on every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Places before mentioned; and to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns, in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein to the House, from time to time. And all Persons, that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so within Fourteen Days after every new Return shall be brought in.

And the Committee is to have Power to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records, for their Information. And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by This-day-three-weeks, for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place. And, if any thing shall come in question touching the Return,

Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he

i° Novembr

5; hash Writ.

Tadnor Writ.

Tewkesbury

Writ.

Cambridge \\ lit.

Lanceston

Writ.

Grampound

Writ*

Morpeth

Writ.

Colchester

Writ,

Bridgwater tied ion.

Printing the Votes.

Plympton

Writ.

Call of the House.

4 W. & M. 4° — io

is to withdraw, during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saltash in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir John Carew, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Radnor, in the room of Richard Williams, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out 9 new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tezcksbury in the County of in the room of Sir Hen. Capell, Knight, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Cambridge, in the room of Sir Robert Sawyer, Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunhevot alias Lanceston in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Harbord,

Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grampound in the County of Cormcall, in the room of Walter Vincent, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Morpeth in the County of land, in the room of Charles Lord Morpeth, now Earl of Carlisle.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester in the County of Essex, in the room of Edward Cary, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of John Gardner, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of an undue Return for the Borough of Bri in the County of Somersett.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: And that they do report the Matter thereof, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker: And that no Person do presume to print the same, but such as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plympton in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir Geo. Treby, Knight, now Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon sevennight next: i\pd that such Members, as shall not Vo i* X.

697

then attend the Service of the House, be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, next, Ten a Clock.

Jovis, 10* die Novem

4® Willielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

D E SO L VE D, Nemine contradicente, That the hum- Address on *» ble Thanks of this House be presented to his Ma- the King’* -jesty for his most gracious Speech; and to congratulate Speech, his Majesty upon his safe Return to his People, after the many Hazards to which his Majesty has exposed his Sacred Person, and for his Deliverance from the Malice of his Enemies; and to assure his Majesty, that this House will always advise and assist him in the Supporting of his Government, against all his Enemies.

And it is referred to Mr. Attorney General, Lord Cornbury, Sir Edxvard Seymour, Sir Lozvther, Mr.

Roberts, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Foley, Lord Falkland, Lord Marquis Winchester', Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Dolben, Sir 2 ho.

Clarges, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Mr. Harley, Mr. Gwyn,

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir John Guise, Lord Paxvlett, or any Five of them, to prepare the said Address: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- Address dress be presented to her Majesty, acknowledging her to the Queen, prudent Administration of the Government, in the Absence of the King.

Ordered, That the said Committee do prepare the said Address also.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for publick Ac- Publick compts do, upon Tuesday Morning next, present to this Revenue. House an Accompt of the Incomes and Issues of the publick Monies.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Alliances Majesty, by such of the Members of this House as are of with Holland, his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That his &c*

Majesty will please to order, That the Alliances made; with the States General of the United Provinces in AprU and August 1689, and the Alliances therein mentioned, and all other Alliances with any other Princes or States of Ewvpe, be laid before the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning The King's next, at Ten a Clock, take into Consideration his Ma- Speech to be jesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Par- considered, liament

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- State of the ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee 'Nation, of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Nation.

m

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to The Chaplain Dr. Maningham, Chaplain to this House, for the Sermon thanked, by him preached before this House, at St. Margarett's,

Westminster, the Fifth of November instant: And that he be desired to print the same: And that Sir William Honyzvood, and Sir Chprles Raleigh do acquaint him therewith.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

8 O

6p8

12° Novem

Trvals for Treason,

Admiral

Russell

thanked.

Conduct of the Fleet.

Address on the King's Speech.

Address to the Queen.

Veneris, 11" die Novembris; 4® Willielmi Maria;.

Prayers.

Oil D EII E D, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Regulating of Tryals, in Cases of High Treason.

And thereupon Sir William Whitlock presenting the same to the House;

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given to Admiral Russell, for his great Courage and Conduct in the Victory obtained at Sea the last Summer.

And Mr. Speaker gave him the Thanks of the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty, and the honourable Member that commanded the Fleet, do, Tomorrow Morning, give an Account, to this House, of the last Summer’s Expedition.

Mr. Attorney General reports from the Committee appointed to prepare the several Addresses to be presented to their Majesties, That the said Committee had prepared the same accordingly: Which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were severally twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followed); viz.

To the King.

O

May it pjease Your Majesty,

WE, Your Majesty’s most Dutiful and Loyal Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, do beg Leave to pay our most humble Acknowledgments to Your Majesty, for Your most gracious Speech to both Houses, at the Opening of this Session; wherein Your Majesty shews so much Affection to Your Subjects, in taking notice of their Bravery and Courage, both by Sea and Land; and expresses that sensible Concern for die Charges on Your People, and that tender Regard for the Preservation of our Religion, Liberties, and Properties, as must ever be remembered with Gratitude by all Your faithful Subjects.

We do likewise, with all Thankfulness, acknowledge the Favour and Blessing of God, in restoring Your Majesty in Safety to Your People, after the many Hazards and Dangers to which You exposed Your Sacred Person; that there might be nothing wanting on Your Part to oppose the ambitious Designs of our Enemies; and to maintain the Honour of England, and die Liberties of Europe.

We do also, in a particular manner, congratulate Your Deliverance from the secret and open Designs, which the Malice of Your Enemies had formed against You.

And we do assure Your Majesty, That this House will always advise and assist Your Majesty in the Supporting of Your Government, against all Your Enemies.

To the Queen.

May it please Your Majesty,

WrE, Your Loyal and Obedient Subjects, the Commons, assembled in Parliament, do beg Leave to present to Your Majesty our most humble and thankful Acknowledgments for Your gracious and prudent Administration of the Government, whilst His Majesty was hazarding His Royal Person abroad against the declared Enemy of our Religion, and our Nation. At a time when the greatest Part of Europe was suffering the miserable Effects of W ar, we, Your Majesty's Subjects, under Your auspicious Reign, enjoyed the Blessings of Peace at Home; and not only received a signal Deliverance from a bold and cruel Design, formed and prosecuted for our Destruction, when it was just ready to be executed; Jjutsaw Your Majesty's Fleet return with so complete and glorious Victory, as is not to be equalled in any former Age, and can never be forgotten by Posterity. We do humbly beseech Your

1692.

Majesty to accept of this Assurance from Your most Du* tiful Subjects, That the grateful Sense we have of out*

Happiness under Your Government shall be always manifested in constant Returns of Duty and Obedience, and a firm Resolution to do all that is in our Power to render Your Reign secure and prosperous.

Resolved, That the said Addresses be presented to their Majesties by the whole House.

Ordered, That the Members of this House who are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know their Majesties Pleasure, When they will be attended by this House.

A Petition of the Companies of Weavers in London importing and Canterbury, and of the Royal Lustring Company of Silk. England, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners* being perfected in the Art of weaving ail Sons of Silks, to the great Benefit of the Kingdom, anil line Italian

... . o

and Sicilian Thrown Silks (chiefly proper ibr :i u?t of the said Works, being, by a laic Act, prohibited from being brought by Land), grown so excessive dear, that our Neighbour’s beyond Sea make the said Manufactures much cheaper than the Petitioners can, by reason the said Materials are brought to them by Land; so that the Petitioners are greatly discouraged in their said Trade:

And praying the Consideration of the Premises; and that the House would provide, notwithstanding the said Act, that tine Italian and Sicilian Thrown Silk may, during the present War, be imported over Land, as formerly.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and they to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Math. Andrewcs, Mr. ford, Sir Wm.Horn/wood, Mr. Runlet, Mr. Pupil

Sir Tho. Vernon, Colonel Per rep, Mr. Mr. Har-

ley, Sir Jos. Herne, Sir Jos. WilliamsonSir 1 dung. Sir Ben. Neivlund, Mr. Granville, Sir John Dor tell, Air.

Bczcyer, Mr. Biddalph.Mr. duukoicMr. Air. Fuller, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Bhfoild, Mr. Sir Temple, Mr. Brockman, Sir Pet. Colli ton. Air. Bertie,

Colonel Cornwall, Mr. Sco/re/l, Sir H. A*hurst, Mr. Lee,

Air. Wilvlot, Mr. Bickers!asse. Air. Chaplyn, Sir ller-

iwdiston, Mr. IleJger, Mr. Brewer, Al>\ Air.

Clarke, Mr. Waller, Mr. Lewis, Sir Air.

Speke, Mr. England, Sir Robert Cotton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

J

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a LII! to n*cti.->n prevent False and Double Returns oi Members to serve bcur,^. in Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabhali, die A ovonbris;

40 Willielmi ct Marke.

PLAYERS.

SIR Edward Scymor acquaints the House, That, his ap.

Majesty being waited upon, according to their Order, point* t-» u humbly to know his pleasure, When his Majesty would Htiewmi. be attended by this House; his Majesty had been pleased to appoint Monday next, at Three of Clock in the Afternoon, in the*Banqueting House at JJ hitthail:

And that, having also presented to his Majesty the Address of this House, concerning the Foreign Alliances, his Majesty had thereupon been pleased to give Directions, That they Should be laid before this* House.

The Lord Marquis of I Winchester acquaints the House, Queen an-That, having waited upon her Majesty, liumbiy to know her Majesty's Pleasure, When she would be attended by this House; her Majesty had been pleased to appoint Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Drawing-room at IVhiUhall

Then

C< nduct of the Fleet,

Transport Sei vice.

Election l;e turns.

Cull of the llotke.

Precedents ot Members beyond Sea.

Defaulters-

Aulnage

l)uiy.

Papers re- itn>g to the

4W. & M.

I 2°- — 14° Novembris.

699

Then the Lord Faulk land, from the Commissioners of the Admiralty, according to the Order, presented to the House several Papers of Instructions and Orders for the last Summer’s Expedition, in relation to the Fleet; and also several Results of Councils of War held touching the same: Which his Lordship delivered in at the Clerk's 'l’able: Where the same were read. And also

Admiral Russell presented to the House an Account of the Proceedings of the Fleet after the Victory at Sea: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the same was read.

' And Copies of Two Letters, wrote by him, one to Admiral Alinwnd, and the Other to-Sir Julia dated

the Twentieth of Muy 1 ()<)'-> were also read.

Ordered, That Sir John Ashby do attend this House with all Speed.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Transportation do attend this House upon Mur, day Morning next; and bring with them their Papers relating to the Transport Service for the Descent.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luiue, 14° die Novembris;

4° Willielmi ct AJuriae.

Prayers.

R. Ctarlc, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Preventing of False and Double Returns ot Members to serve in Parliament. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, was called over: And the Names of such as made Default, were again called over a Second time; and the Absence of several of them excused.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to search Precedents, What this House hath done, in Cases where any of their Members have been employed in Foreign Services beyond the Seas, or where any Members have been otherwise absent from the Service of the House; and to report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Palmes, Major Vincent, Mr. Smith, Sir Chr. Mu-grave, Mr. Harley, Mr. JViU-

viott, Sir IAhvardSeymor, Colonel fit us, Mr.

Mr. Clarke, Sir 7ho. Clurges, Mr. Foley, Sir Ifni. IVogan, Sir ll 'm. If hillock, Sir Robert Sir Jos.

Tredeiihani, Mr. Serjeant TMr. Gray, Mr. Biddul/di, Sir Jervas Flees, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. So-

licitor (ienend, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Smith, Mr. Christy, Mr. Ronyer, Sir IVm. Strickland, Lord Falkland, Mr. llcddingfeild, Mr. il fount ague, Mr. Gxcyn, Sir

(Valter Young, Mr. Hutchins, Sir Peter Sir

Sam. Barnadislcn, Mr. England, Air. lime, Mr. Travers,

Mr. . I mold;or any love of them: And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to sit de die i

Ordered, That the Defaulters be called over, upon Wednesday-sevennight next: And that such of them, as do not then appear, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Anlnage to the Custom house, and for giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same.

Mr. Papillion, from* the Victuallers of the Navy, presented to the Mouse several Papers relating; to the Descent: Which he delivered iu at the Clerk s Table,

Vql. X.

Sir Edward Seymour acquaints the House, That he had East India a Message from his Majesty, in Answer to the Address of Company, this House the last Session, in relation to the East India Company; The which he delivered in, in Writing, at the Clerks Table; with several Papers, relating the re-. unto, which his Majesty had directed Should be laid before the House.

And the said Message, being read, is as followeth;

Til E House of Commons having presented an Address to the King, to dissolve the present East India Company, according to the Power reserved in their. Charter, and to constitute a new one; his Majesty took into Consideration the proper Methods of complying with their Desires, and of securing effectually this advantageous Trade to the Nation.

Put his Majesty, upon Examination of the Charter*, and consulting with his Judges and learned Counsel, found, That he could not legally dissolve the Company, but upon Three Years Warning; And that, during the Three Years alter Warning, the Company must sublist, and might continue to trade: And that, though the King

O 7 o O

might constitute a new Company, yet he could not impower such new Company to trade, till after three Years; the Crown having expressly covenanted not to grant any such Liberty.

Hereupon his Majesty was very apprehensive of the ill 'Consequence of giving Warning to the Company, because they would then be less solicitous of promoting the true Interests and Advantage of a Trade, w hereof they would not long reap the Fruits; and that no new Company -could immediately be admitted to it: So that this very benefcial Trade, which is already so much impaired, might lie in Danger of being entirely lost to the Nation.

i iis Majesty, being very desirous to prevent so great a Mischief, and to gratify the House of Commons in the End, since he could not do it, without great Hazard, in the Manner they proposed, required the East India Company to answer, directly, Whether they would submit to such Regulations as his Majesty Should judge proper, and most likely to advance the Trade: And the Company having fully agreed to it, and declared accordingly their Resolution in Writing; his Majesty commanded a Committee of his Privy Council to prepare Regulations: Which they did, and offered them to the Company: But the Company, notwithstanding their Declaration of Submission, rejected almost all the material Particulars.

So that his Majesty, finding that what possibly the House of Commons might have expected, and indeed was necessary to preserve this Tfade, could not be perfected by his own Authority alone, and that the Company could not be induced to consent to any such Regulations as might have answered the Intentions of the House of Commons, and that the Concurrence of the Parliament is requisite to make a complete and useful Settlement of this Trade, has directed all the Proceedings in this Matter to be laid before them; and recommends to them the preparing a Bill, in order to pass into an Act of Parliament, as may establish this Trade on such Foundations, as are most likely to preserve and advance it.

Resolved, That the House will, noon Jlwdnesday Morning next, take the Matter relating to Vac East India Company into farther Consideration.

The House being informed, that the Council of the Privilege — City of Carlisle, had disfranchised Christopher JJusgrave,

Esquire, a Member of this House, by a*i Order of the said Council, of the Twenty ninth Day of July last; r,ulide which Order was delivered in at the Clerk's i able; and Curpunai.-n. there read; and is as followeth; xiz.

" The City of Cat lisle."

" At the Council held the until Duv o\ July, Anno Devi ini l 0v|.>; present the Mayor, and the major Part of the Aldermen, and capital Cith:vns of the Ci:v

7 1 V

Hibresuiil;

" The Questi >n being put, Whether nr no Air. Ch> ido-Jcr Mas grave, a Representative lor this City oi Car-

uslef

700 14° — 15°

lisle, be disfranchised from his Freedom within the said

" It is answered, Nemine That he be disfranchised: And he is hereby accordingly deprived from his Freedom, as aforesaid."

And the Town Clerk of the said City being called in, and at the Bar examined touching the same; and being withdrawn;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Disfranchising of Christopher Masgrave, Esquire, a Member of this House, by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, is a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Whereupon Mr. Masgrave desiring, That only such, as were mostly concerned in the said Matter, might be punished for the said Breach of Privilege; which were John lime senior, late Mayor of Carlisle, William Nicholson, Robert Jackson senior, Robert Jackson, junior, Tho. Jackson, and Edward Monckhouse

Ordered, That the said John How, William Nicholson, Robert Jackson senior, junior, Tho. Jackson, and Edward Monckhouse, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for such their Breach of the Privilege of this House.

<prfi The House being informed, that the Commissioners

Service. for Transportation attended at the Door, according to the Order of Saturday last;

They were called in; and acquainted the House, That they had made some Progress in what they were ordered to do; but that the Time was so Short, that they could not perfect the same; and humbly prayed a farther Time: And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Transportation do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next; and bring with them their Papers relating to the Transport Service for the Descent.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Novembris. ^.1(392.

brought over I and by the Way of Holland, and from thence imported into this Kingdom during this present War with France, notwithstanding the Act made this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk; which limits the same to come directly by Sea, and not otherwise: Provided,

That this Liberty shall not extend to any other Sort of Silk Thrown in any other Place whatsoever: And that the Committee had directed him to move the House for Leave to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Report: And that Mr. Papillion do prepare and bring in the Bill.

Mr. Bloufeild, according to Order, presented to the Auliwga House a Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty Dut>' of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and for giving a Ite-compence to the Crown for the same. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

A Complaint being made to the House, that Sir John Privilege Bland, Baronet, a Member of this House, is sued in the Exchequer by John Lake and John; which Suit

was carried on by John Nunnes, their Attorney or Solicitor, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said John Lake, John and

John Nunnes, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer their said Breach of Privilege.

A Complaint being made to this House, that John Ditto. Dent, William Loder, and John Smith, had arrested, or caused to be arrested, Mr. Samuel Rich, a menial Servant of Sir John Guise, Baronet, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said John Dent, William Loder, and John Smith, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the said Breach of Privilege.

House attends with Addresses.

Answers to Addresses.

Importing

Silk.

Post Meridiem.

THE House met, in order to attend their Majesties with their Addresses.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Marti$, 15* die Novembris; -4° Willielmi et Maria;.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reports to the House, That he did Yesterday present their Address to his Majesty: And that his Majesty received the same very graciously; and was pleased to answer to this Effect;

" I thank you heartily for your kind Address: And I assure you My Design is to do all I can for the Honour, Safety, and Interest of the Nation."

Mr. Speaker also reports to the House, That he had presented their Address to her Majesty: And that she received the same very graciously; and was pleased to answer to this Effect:

" My Thanks to the House for their kind Address."

Mr. Papillion reported from the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Company of Weavers of London and Canterbury, and of the Royal Lustring Company, was referred, That they had considered the same; and were of opinion, That it would be to the Advantage of the Silk Manufactory of this Kingdom, that tine Thrown Silk, of the Growth or Production of Italy, Sicily, or of the Kingdom of Naples, may be

17

The Serjeant at Arms acquaints the House, that Sir sirJ.Ashby's John Ashby having been served with the Order for his at- Answrr to a tending this House; he returned Answer, That, as soon Summons, as any Person cauie to take the Charge and Command of the Fleet, he would attend the House.

Mr. Foley presented to the House, from the Commis- publick sioners of the public Accompts, an Accompt of the In- Revenue, comes and Issues of the publick Monies, in a Book:

Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Accompts.

Then the Order of the Day, for taking into Conside-

ration his Majesty’s gracious Speech to both Houses pp>’ was read.

And his Majesty’s Speech being read;

And a Motion being made, For a Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby he desires the Advice of this House.

The Lord Falkland, from the Commissioners of the Disposition Admiralty, presented to the House, a monthly Account of the f leet, of the Disposition of all the Ships for the Guard of the

Coasts

Privilege.

Cruisers and

Convoys.

4 W. & M. i S — i 60 . 701

Coasts and Trade from April last to November instant: Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account

Which he delivered in at the Clerks Table. be also referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 16* die Novembris;

4* Gulielmi et Marias.

Pra YEKS.

A CO M PLAINT being made to the House, That Roderick Powell, a menial Servant to Francis Lloyd, Esquire, a Member of this House, was arrested by Henry Williams and Daniell Price, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Henry Williams and Daniell Price be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the said Breach of Privilege.

A Petition of divers Merchants and Owners of Ships of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, during the present war with France, they had suffered considerable Losses in their Trading, in the Instances following;

1st, By the Enemy’s taking above Fifteen hundred Sail of Ships, the Value computed at Three Millions of Money:

Secondly, By the pressing Seamen out of the Ships homeward-bound, before their Arrival at the Ports of Discharge:

Thirdly, By plundering their Ships, when retaken by their Majesties Men of War, to Twenty, Thirty, and Fifty /XT Cent.:

Fourthly, By long Detention of Ships in the Indies and Ireland; w hereby many of the Seamen have died, and the Ships come home half-manned, and thereby become a Prey to the Enemy:

Fifthly, By Embargoes after the Royal Fleet is out, and necessitating Traffic to be driven in the Winter.

Ail which Losses and Discouragements might have been prevented, as the Petitioners conceive, if sufficient Squa-.drons had been appointed to cruise off the Head Lands in the Chanel; and Commissioners appointed in the respective Ports, to keep the Men of War to their Duty.

And praying Relief in the Premises.

Resolved, That t he Examination of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report the Matter thereof to the House.

And it is referred unto Sir Wm. Turner, Mr. Papillion, Sir 77/0. Clarges, Sir John Knight, Sir Edu ard Seymour, Sir Jos. Williamson, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Vernon, Lord Falkland, Sir Peter Co Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Richard Hart, Sir Jos.Herne, Lord Sir John Banks, Sir Ben. Newland, Mr. Burdett, Mr. Hutchinson,

Mr. Bickcrstaffe, Sir Saw/. Dashw Mr. Done, Sir Andrewes, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Mr. England, Major

Perry, Mr. Mayne, Sir Jervas Elwcs, Sir Rich. Onslme, Colonel Lee, Sif Edward ChisnaU, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Onslme, Sir Sam. Bernardiston, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir John Barker, Captain Pitts, Sir Robert Eden, Sir John Guise, Colonel Granville, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gray, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bloxifeild, Mr. Tilney, Mr. Lampion, Sir Lowther, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Bernardiston, Mr.

Rudge, Colonel Churchill, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lewes, Mr. Harley, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Wilmott, Mr. Norris, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Glemham, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Mr.

Brexcer, and all the Members that serve for the Sea Ports and Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for such Persons, they shall conceive necessary.

Then the monthly Account of the Disposition of the Ships for the Guard of the Coast and Trade, delivered in by the Commissioners of the Admiralty Yesterday, being read;

Vol. X.

The Commissioners for Transportation presented to the Transport House an Abstract of their Proceedings; and Copies of Service, several Orders and Letters to which the same referred:

And being withdrawn;

The said Abstract was read.

Resolved, That the Examination of the said Papers be referred to a Committee: And that they do report the Matter thereof to the House.

And it is referred unto Mr. Clark, Mr. Lutterell, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Harley, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir Walt.Young, Sir Knight,

Sir Cha. Bloys, Lord Colchester, Sir Peter Colliton, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir John Wynn, Mr.

Fawkes, Sir RowlandGwyn, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Haw-trey, Mr. Burrard, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. England, Mr.

Blmfeild, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Hedger, Colonel Lee, Mr.

Palmes, Lord Norris, Mr. Osborne, Sir Tho. Littleton,

Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Ch. Berty, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Per.

Berty, Mr. Barnett, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Carter, Mr. Mayne, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Fuller, Lord land, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Barnardiston, Sir Cha. Raleigh,

Mr. Cornwall, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Onslmce, Major Perry, Sir Wm. Honeywood, Lord Castleton, Mr. Granville, Sir Cha. Keymis, Mr. Buckley, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Jo.Knalchbull, Mr. Burridge, Mr.

Travel's, Mr. Scobell, Lord Pawlelt, Mr. Musgrave, Mr.

Waller, Mr. Willmot, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Brewer: And they are to meet, this Afternoon at Four a Clock, the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Transportation do attend the said Committee from time to time: And that the said Committee be impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Examination of the several Papers Papers presented to the House on Saturday last, from the Com- j^vallffairs missioners of the Admiralty, touching the Descent; and also the Account of the Proceedings of the Fleet after the Victory at Sea, presented to the House on last;

be likewise referred to the said Committee: And that Admiral Russell be added to the said Committee: And that he do produce to the said Committee all his Orders, Instructions, and Papers, relating to the Descent.

The House being informed, that a Messenger attended Treaties and from the Earl of Nottingham, with the Alliances; A iances'

The Messenger was called in; and delivered several original Treaties and Alliances in to the House.

Several of which being in Latin and French;

And the Messenger being withdrawn;

Resolved, That the said several Treaties and Alliances be referred to a Committee; to translate the same: And that the Committee do also prepare Abstracts thereof for the Service of the House.

And it is referred unto Sir Jos. Williamson, Sir Cha.

Sidley, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Godolphin, Lord Ranelaugh,

Mr. Herbert, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Harley, Sir Tredenham, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Rich, Sir 1 Valter Young, Sir Jerv. Elwes, Sir John Guise,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Gzcyn, Lord Norris,

Mr. Dolben, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Sir Lowther, Colonel

Titus, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Norryes,

Mr. Palmes, Sir Wm*. Langham, Mr. Foley, Mr. Travers,

Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Tho. Clarges; or any Five of them:

And they are to meet in the Speaker’s Chamber, immediately upon the rising of the House this Day: And they are impowered to send for Persons and Papers.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning East India at Ten a Clock, take into Consideration the Matter re- Company, lating to the East India Company.

And then the House adjourned till To-momnv Morning, Nine a Clock.

8 P

JOH

>et#bris.

A-fop 2.

Jovis, 17’ die Novembris 1 4* Gulielmi et Marise.

Ptt AYERS.

WyeandLugg > D ERED, ThatJ.eave.be given to bring ina$jll Navigation. V, for making the Rivers of Wye and Lugg ppvigfode.

Bankrupts.

London

Orphans.

Tryals for Treason,

East India Company.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Ordering and 'Distributing1 of Bankrupts Estates, and Relief of their Creditors: And that Mr. Ser)eant TVogan. do prepare and bring in the same.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs, find several Aldermen of the City of London, attended, in order to pr^sept a Petition touching foe Qrphaps of the

foid City;

.They were called in: And, at the Bar, they, by the Common Serjeant of the said City, presented the said Petition to the House.

And being withdrawn;

The Petition was read; setting forth, That, by the general Troubles in and after the Reign of King Charles foe-First, by Payment of Interest to foe said Orphans formerly, by foe dreadful Conflagration, and by reason of foe late Quo Warranto, their. Debts due to foe said Orphans amounted to a Sum vastly greater than they were able to pay.

That, after many serious Considerations, the Petitioners in Conjmon Council have agreed, That Eight thousand Pounds per Annum shall be charged upon the Estate, and all other foe Revenues, belonging to foe City, towards paying foe Orphans the Sum of Four Pounds per Cent., per Annum.

But, since so vast a Debt cannot be satisfied by all foe Estate or Powers of the said City, nor the Government of the City supported, unless some further Provision be made;

They prayed the Assistance of the House in foe Premises, for raising and settling a sufficient Fund for an annual Payment to be made to foe Orphans, in lieu of foe Debts due to them from foe said City.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That foe Bill for Regulating of Tryals, in Cases of High Treason, be read Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock: And that all foe Members of foe Long Robe do then attend foe Service of the House.

Then foe House, according to foe Order of the Day, proceeded, to take into Consideration foe Matter relating to foe East India Company.

And foe Message from his Majesty was again read.

The Papers relating to it were also read; viz. the Judges Opinion; the Submission of the Company ;and the Proposals to the Company; an Answer of the Commitee of foe Company thereunto: And are as followeth; viz.

The Judges Opinion.

PROVIDED also, That if it shall hereafter appear to Us, Our Heirs or Successors, That this Grant, or the Continuance thereof, in the Whole, or in any Part thereof, shall not be profitable to Us, Our Heirs and Successors, or.to this Our Realm; that then and from thenceforth, upon and after Three Years Warning to be given to the said Company, by Us, Our Heirs and Successors, under Our or their Privy Seal, or Sign Manual, this present Grant shall cease, be void, and determined, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes.

We are of Opinion, That, by this Clause, the East India Company cannot be determined, until after Three Years Warning given them under the Privy Seal, or Sign Manual; and that they will continue a Company during foe said Three Years, and may trade and act in the mean-time.

J. HJoh.‘Powell,

W. Dolben, N. Lechmore,

Ed. Nevill, Jo. Turton,

W,. John Powell.

> Tho.

Jbfi Subpaiasipu offoe Qotpp&ny a general Coqrt of Adventurers, for foe Oener^d Joint §fo#Jc, to East India, holden foe 18th March 169$.

THE Governor having communicated unto us what your Lordships were pleased, on the Seventh Instant, to signify unto himself, the Deputy Governor, and Committees, as to the Offering of Proposals for foe Regulation of foe East India Trade; on-serious Consideration thereof had, this Court are upflifonpusly of Opinion, That foe Constitution of this Company, and foe Authorities, granted them by their Charter, are the same in all substantial Parts, as the Dutch, French, and Grants; apd

that all of them are refined to foe present System, by foe Wisdpm jof several Ages: Nevertheless this Court have, and still do, bujpbly submit themselves to his Sacred Majesty, to make such Regulations or Additions therein, as his Majesty, in his great Wisdom, shall foink fit.

Signed, by Order 01 the General Court,

Ro. , Seer.

The Proposals to the Company; and Answer of foe Committee of the Company thereunto.

First Prop. THE Fund to be made up One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, at least; and not to exceed Two Millions.

Answer. The Company do humbly aver, and are ready to prove to the King’s most Excellent Majesty’s Satisfaction, That their present quick and dead Stock and Revenue is of more real Value than foe said Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Second Prop. The Stock of the present Company to be Part of this Fund, and to be rated at Seven hundred forty-four thousand Pounds, if they can give Security, that it shall effectively produce that Sum; or else at so much less as they will engage to make good, after all Debts paid, and Satisfaction made, to the Mogull, and his Subjects; against whose Pretensions the new Stock to be indemnified by like Security.

Answer. The Company, recommending their righteous Cause to God, and his Majesty’s known and famous Justice in the whole Course of his happy Life, say, That the Value of every thing is what it will sell for; and their Stock, under all the Calumnies and Persecutions of their Adversaries, now currently sells for about One hundred and Fifty Pounds per Cent.; and they know, and can prove it to be intrinsically more worth than that current Price: But they know no Law or Reason why they Should be dispossessed of their Estates at any less Value than they are really worth in ready Money, by all the Measures any thing is valued ifi any Part of the World. They humbly say, as to Security, they know no Reason why they Should be obliged to give Security for their own Estates.

They affirm, That they owe not a Peny to the Great Mogull, or any of his Subjects, other than their Running Accompts with their own Banyans and Brokers, which are changing daily, like Merchants Running Cash in a Goldsmith’s Hands.

Although foe Company owe nothing to the Mogull, as aforesaid; yet the bare mentioning any such thing by a publick Act of his Majesty, would be enough to persuade him to invent Demands upon foe Company for Transactions and Pretences done in Ages past, before any of the present Adventurers were born: and therefore that Part of foe Proposition seems manifestly impolitick, as well as unjust; neither the Mogul, nor any of his Subjects, having made any Complaint to his Majesty, of the Company’s being in Debt to him or them; That being only a Suggestion of the Interlopers, and their Adherents, not now only, but for many Years past.

As to that Hypothesis, " if they can give Security;" it will not become the Company to gay, What they might of their own Ability, or the Ability or Disability of their Adversaries; they are on both Sides well known upon the Exchange.

Third Prop. That the said Stock of the present Company shall be brought home any time within Years

in the Ships abroad, or those to be sent on Account of foe

pew

4 W- 8? M. 17° Nmenfbris. ,7,03

pew Stc^k, paying the same Freight, ppd disposed of at publick Spies "hy the Members, of the present Company; and the net Proceed thereof to be taken as Part of the Seven hundred and Forty-four thousand Pounds, as shall also the Value of their Forts, 8$c. to be estimated by indifferent Persons, and put ipto the Hands, of the new Charter Company; .£ut, after Day, no Goods to be expofted.to the East Indies, on jfyjcbpnt of the old Stock.

: Answer. The Company say, they have as real a Right to all their Forts, Cities, Towns, and Territories, in India, to them apd their Successors for ever, as they have to their purchased Lpnds and Warehouses in England belonging to the Company’s Joint Stock, or other private Lands or Manors belonging to the particular Adventurers; Rev, Dei gratia, being originally the Title by which very many Manors and Lands, Court Leets, and Courts Baron, are held in England: And the Company are not willing to be dispossessed of their said real Estate, until they are paid for them; which, they believe in their Conscience, hath cost them, at several times, above a Million of Money Sterling, besides the Interest: But, for the Price that Should be paid them for their said real Estates, if it were come to that single Point, they would refer themselves to, and rely upon, his Majesty’s Justice, as aforesaid.

Fourth Prop. That, whatever the quick and dead Stock shall thus produce, more than Seven hundred and Forty-four thousand Pounds, shall be divided, wholly between the Members of the present Company, proportionably to their respective Stocks.

Fifth Prop. Books to be provided for new Subscriptions within , and then the Books to be closed.

Sixth Prop. If the Subscriptions exceed Two Millions, each Subscriber to be reduced proportionably, till the Whole make but Two Millions.

Seventh Prop. That every Subscriber pay in his Money upon Pain.

To the Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh, the Company humbly answer, That they do as little understand the new Subscribers, as they suppose most of those Subscribers knows the Affairs of India; but the Company know, the late new Way of Subscribing, without Authority from his Majesty, is an old Practice of Interlopers, and others, emulous of the Company’s Prosperity; and hath formerly been debated upon the like voluntary Subscriptions, several times, and many Years since, in the Reign of King Charles the Second, when some of the Lords of his now Majesty’s most honourable Council were present; but it always ended in only giving unnecessary Trouble to his Majesty and the Company.

Eighth Prop. No one Person to have above Ten thousand Pounds in this Stock, in his own or others Name, in Trust for him: And every Subscriber shall make Oath accordingly; and that it is his own Money. '

Answer. This Proposition, in Duty to his Majesty, and in Love to our native Country, the Company must freely declare against, as being notoriously prejudicial to the Nation, whoever the Adventurers are.

First, Because Trade is a free Agent, and must not be limited or bounded: If it be so in any Nation it will never prosper.

Secondly, It is against the Laws and Customs of England, and all Nations upon the Face of the Earth, That any Man that buys a Commodity, and pays honestly for it in ready Money, Should be compelled to swear it is his own Money, or whose it is; This being only a Trick of the first Proposers, to serve their particular Turn, without any National or other Regard to Right, or publick Good.

Thirdly, If such a Limitation were advisable, certainly some Nation or other would have hit upon that Expedient, before this time; whereas, on the contrary, the wise Dutch indulge and favour the very Jews; and the

more, for buying the greater $tock; of whom one Man, by Name Swasso, had at one time about Seventy-five thousand Pounds Stock: The French King likewise, for the pnepuragement of large Subscriptions in that Stock, propounded pjany considerable Privileges and Immunities, Vol. X. .....' ..... ....

both tb Natives and Foreigners, proportionable to the Greatness of their Subscriptions. The Danes likewise, it is said, made a Law pot long since, That such as would not add a certain Proportion to their Stock, already wrote, Should forfeit their Stock; which was a Constraint on the other hand, and as erroneous as that in the aforesaid Proposition.

Fourthjy, Such kind of Leveling, or limiting Personal Estates, was never known in Commonwealths, much less in Monarchies; Our Levelers in England, and anciently the Tribunes of Rome, never pretended to the Limitation of Personal Estates, but of Possessions in Land, and not of all Lands (not in their Provinces), but only the Lands of Italy, which was the Seat or Centre of the Commonwealth.

Fifth, No considerable Man of Fortune or Experience will ever endure the Fatigue of continual Study in the East India Company’s arduous Affairs, but he will find his Account-some way; and that must be either by a great Reward, or by a great Stock, or by other and worse Ways of paying himself: The most the English Company give a Committee Man, is about Fifty Pounds where-

as, we have heard, the Dutch allow Mr. Peter Van Dam about Eight hundred Pounds, and about Four hundred Pounds a Year to his Son: But such an active able Man, having a great Stock of his own, is better for the publick Society, than any Reward can be allowed him; because such a Man, that is obliged by Reward only so to intend the Company’s Business, is tied only by one Cord; but he that expects all Satisfaction to arise from the Profit of his own Stock, is tied with the Two great Cords, which do almost the whole Business of the World; viz. Reward, by the Profit of his own great Stock; and Fear of great Loss, if his Stock Should miscarry by ill Conduct.

Ninth Prop. That every Member of the present Company, who hath above Ten thousand Pounds Stock, shall sell forthwith the Overplus, at the Rate of One hundred Pounds, for One hundred Pounds; but so, that, if the whole net Proeeed of the present Stock exceeds Seven hundred and Forty-four thousand Pounds, this Overplus shall go to the Person that hath sold his Overplus Stock, proportionably to the Share he had before such Sale.

Answer. The Company can see no Shadow of Reason or Equity in this Proposition; but a direct Contradiction to common Right, and the admirable Laws of this Kingdom, for Preservation of Property.

Tenth Prop. No Person to have a Vote that hath, in his own Right, and not in Trust, less than Five hundred Pounds Stock, nor more than One Vote; unless he hath Four thousand Pounds, and then Two Votes; and, if Six thousand Pounds, Three Votes; Eight thousand Pounds, Four Votes; and Ten thousand Pounds, Five Votes.

Answer. The Company are humbly of Opinion, this is more justly and equally provided for already in their present Charter; this Proposal of giving Advantage to the small Stock being but a Hyste never known before in any Part of the World in Mercantile Affairs, and Shipping; wherein, as far as the Sun shines, all Men vote according to their proper Shares in Shipping, 8$c. as they are interested more or less; and not otherwise.

Eleventh Prop. All Members of the present Company, and new Subscribers, to be incorporated by the Name of....

Twelfth Prop. All who have, or subscribe, Five hundred Pounds Stock, to meet, and chuse a Governor, Deputy, and Twenty-four of Committees, to manage the Trade; none to be Governor, or Deputy, who hath, or hath subscribed less than Two thousand Pounds Stock; nor Committee, One thousand Pounds Stock.

Thirteenth Prop. The Governor, Deputy, and Committees, to be chosen every Year; and, if any die within the Year, others to be chosen by a General Court.

Fourteenth Prop. The Governor, Deputy, and Committees, to take the Oaths of Fidelity, 8$c. and also an Oath, for the faithful Discharge of their Trust.

Fifteenth Prop. That every one, purchasing any Stock, shall wtake his Freedom; and, before his

Admittance,

East India Company.

' i

7°4

17° Novembris. 1692.

East India Company.

Admittance, pay for a Fine, and take the Oaths

appoipted.

Answer. In the Eleventh, Twelfth, Thirteenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth, the Company can see nothing new; but all is already provided for, in the same manner, or better, by their present Charters.

Sixteenth Prop. That all free of the former Company* or capable to be so, and all subscribing to the present Stock, shall be admitted gratis.

Answer. In this there is but a trivial Difference from the Company’s present Charter, which enjoins all new Adventurers, except the Sons or Servants of Freemen, to pay Five Pounds each for their first Admittance: The old Adventurers have paid their respective Five Pounds; and we can see no Reason, if new Men be admitted, why they Should not pay the same.

Seventeenth Prop. That the Company hereby established may make By Laws for their better Government: That no By Laws shall" be binding to the Company, but such as are approved by a General Court of Adventurers; and are not repugnant to the Laws of the Land.

Eighteenth Prop. That every general Court and Committee be called by the Governor or Deputy; at all which the Governor or Deputy shall be present; and, in Case of Equality of Voices, shall have a casting Voice.

Nineteenth Prop. That the Company shall enjoy the sole Trade to the East Indies, in the several Countries lying between the Cape D' Bona Esperanza, and the Streights of Magellan.

Twentieth Prop. That it shall not be lawful for any, save the said Company only, directly or indirectly to trade within the Limits granted to the said Company, on Pain of forfeiting.

Answer. As to the Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Tw entieth; the Company can observe nothing in them that is not already in the same manner in their Charters.

Twenty-first Prop. That no Licence or Permission shall be granted to any Persons or Ships, to trade to the East Indies on any private Account: And that all such Permissions shall be void.

Answer. This is an unreasonable Proposition, and against the Sense of all Charters; and ought, for the publick Good, to be left to the Company's Discretion; for sometimes (as in the late War with the Mogull) permissive Ships have been of great Use, and publick Benefit: At this time, now' Peace is restored, they are of no Use, except in some particular Instances, which might be given, and in Settling of new Plantations, fyc.; which the Company best know when and how to effect; and no East India Company in any Part of Europe have any such Shackles imposed upon them, which would but hinder their Progress for the publick Good, and Honour of their Country, in many Cases.

Tw o-and-twentieth Prop. That there shall be no private Contract for the Sale of any Goods; but they shall all be sold in publick, by Inch of Candle, for the Company’s Account.

Twenty-third Prop. That no Lot of any Goods to be sold shall exceed the Value of Five hundred Pounds.

Answer. These Two are Novelties, and such as never were imposed upon any East India Company in Europe, and are against natural Right; and, if established, would tend to the National Prejudice of England, as the Company doubt not to make evident to his Majesty, by irrefragable Instances and Examples: Trade must be free for the publick Good; otherwise it will die, or fly away.

Twenty-fourth Prop. Every Year the Company shall deliver, to their Majesties Use, Five hundred Tons of Saltpetre, at per Ton, if required, the Refraction not exceeding per Cent.

Answer. The Company will always serve their Majesties with Saltpetre as cheap as they can afford it; and doubt not but to please their Majesties therein, as they have done all their Royal Predecessors; but to be limited to a certain Price, or Quantity, or Refraction is a Novelty that was never imposed upon this or any East India Com-

- 23

pany: And it had been an unhappy Accident for if such a Constraint or Imposition had been lain upon the Company Ten or Twenty Years past; for, if that had been done, there could not have been one Fourth Part of the Petre in England, as the Company had in Store (which was about Three thousand Tons,) when this War with France began. There is a famous Story, confirming the Truth of this, in the Reign of King James the First: There was at that Time a great Dearth of Com; which occasioned his Majesty to send for the Eastland Company; and his Majesty told them, That, in regard of the present Dearth of Com, and for Relief of the Poor, they must load all their Ships homeward-bound with Com; which they promised faithfully to do, and were so dismissed: But one of the Lords, then of the Counsel, told his Majesty, Such a Promise signified nothing; because they had not promised at what Rate they would sell their Wheat, when it came: On which they were called in again; and told, The King was not satisfied with that Answer: To w’hich the Deputy, who was a famous Hunter, replied; Sir, we will freight our Ships and buy our Com, as cheap as we can, and sell it here as cheap as we can afford it: But, to be confined to any certain Price, we cannot. That Lord pressed the Deputy for a more certain Answer: On which the Deputy said further to the King, Sir, Your Majesty is a Lover of the noble Sport of Hunting; and so am I; and I keep a few Dogs; but, if my Dogs did not love the Sport as well as I, I might as well hunt with Hogs as with Dogs: The King replied, Say no more, Man; thou art in the Right: Go, and do as well as thou canst; but, be sure, bring Corn.

Twenty-fifth Prop. That the Company shall yearly export to the East Indies not less than the Value of One hundred Thousand Pounds, in Goods of the Product and Manufacture of England.

Answer. The Company may do this in some Years and sometimes more; and sometimes not so much, when their Cloth lies unsold, and is eaten up with Moths and white Ants in India: This ought, for the publick Good, to be left to the Company's Discretion.

Twenty-sixth Prop. That all Dividends be made in Money.

Answer. This is commonly done here, and beyond Sea, in other Companies; but some Instances may be given, wherein it would be highly prejudicial to make this Confinement of the Company's Liberty: So it ought to be left at Discretion, as it is now here, and in all other Nations.

Twenty-seventh Prop. That no Dividends be made, without leaving the original Fund, or, at least, One Mil-' lion Five hundred Thousand Pounds, besides what is necessary to pay their Debts.

Answer. This is a discretionary Rule, the Company do now observe; but it was never enjoined them by any Charter, neither is there any Company in the World so circumscribed, nor ought to be, for the publick Good:

It is against natural Right, that any Men Should be barred from doing what they think fit with their own Estates.

Twenty-eighth Prop. That the said Company’s Ac- ' comptant keep a Book, to enter the Value of the Stock, upon Oath; to lie open for the Perusal of all Persons concerned.

Twenty-ninth Prop. That all Transferrers of Stock shall be registered and entered in a Book; to lie open for all Persons concerned.

Answer. The Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Propositions are provided for in the same Manner already by the Company.

Thirtieth Prop. That the said Joint Stock shall continue for Twenty-one Years and no longer.

Thirty-first Prop. That a Book of new Subscriptions be laid open for a succeeding new General Joint Stock before the Expiration of the said Twenty-one Years appointed for this Stock.

Answer. This is so strange, that, if it Should be admitted, would make the Company ridiculous all the World over; and is as much as to say, A Man shall be

obliged

*by

4 W. & M. x^ Novembris. 705

obliged to plant a great Orchard, and remove his Trees, or depart from his Possession, at the End of Twenty-one Years; or to build a famous Mansion-house, a Town or City upon such Terms. The Dutch Company have spent, within Thirty or Forty Years past, above Seven hundred thousand Pounds Sterling upon and have not yet

seen their Principal, by about Four hundred Thousand Pounds Sterling, to this Day. This Company have been building and fortifying at Bencoo about Ten or Eleven Years; and they must proceed in building and fortifying the re for Twenty or Thirty Years to come; and, in that chargeable and dangerous Work, they have spent, by the nearest Computation between Two hundred and Fifty and Three hundred Thousand Pounds Sterling: And though indeed, by that necessary Work, they have preserved the Pepper Trade to this Nation; yet they have not received any thing towards the Charge of their Disbursements; and that Place will cost the Company Two hundred Thousand Pounds more, before it be made 9. complete, secure, and, morally speaking, an impregnable, lasting Asylum to the English Nation. It is a most impolitick Notion, that any Company can thrive by frequent Changes of Conduct and Counsel, any more than a Nation by often changing the fundamental Laws: The Dutch Company stands as it did from the Beginning; and the English have never been changed, that the Company know of, but once, in Oliver Cromwell's time; and then it was done with their own Consent. The Company, by the true Rules of Policy, ought never to alter, nor no Man be forced to sell his Stock, any more than he can be forced to buy a Stock that hath none; or any Gentleman, that hath an over-great Estate of Land in any County, can be forced to sell Part, to make Way for some new Purchasers, that pretend they ypill buy Land in that County.

Two-and-thirtieth Prop. That the Company be obliged, for the better and more secure Carrying on of this Trade, to have Ships of their own.

Answer. This is such a constraining Proposition. . was never made to any Company; all Companies, having Ships of their own, and hired Ships, and best know when to use the one or the other; and there are few Merchants considerable in Europe, that have not both: And it was never thought or found political, to put Trade in such straight-laced Bodice, which, instead of making it grow upright, and prosper, will either kill it, or force it to grow awry.

Having answered the aforesaid Propositions, the Com--pany humbly desire, that the following Particulars may be considered:

First, If any Alteration Should be made of the present Constitution, by his Majesty; the same Men, Interlopers, and their Adherents, and such as have sold their Stocks at high Rates, and then cry down the Company, tq fright the Adventurers, and come in again at low Rates; whether such Sort of Men, after his Majesty hath granted a new ^Charter, will not, to serve another Turn, exclaim against it, in Defamation of his Majesty’s just Prerogative.

Secondly, Whether any thing such Men have said, that carries any Appearance of Truth, be not the same again, which was said above Twenty Years past, and many times since in the Two last Reigns, and as often answered and confuted.

Thirdly, Whether the Spirit of the Clamour and Opposition against the Comj>any, which centres in some few known Persons; whether those Persons be Men of better Fortunes, or more regular Lives, or greater Prudence, or otherwise preferable to the present Adventurers in the East India Company's Stock.

Fourthly, Whether, considering the Two Wars this Company have grappled with in and a worse

kind of Civil Broil the Interlopers forced them to, more pernicious to the Company than both the Wars in India; whether this Company, notwithstanding their said Pressures, hath not managed their Adairs to as much Vox.. X.

National Advantage; and- Profit to their Fellow Adventurers, as any East India Company in Europe.

Fifthly, That, without Restraint, Cramping, or taking care for Rotations or Changes in the East India Company, the whole Stock, without such forced, political Restriction or Limitation, is in a kindly, natural, and continual changing Motion; inso much that the Value of the whole Stock, once in Two Years, or thereabouts, changes Owners; and there is not now, in the present Committee, above Three Men that were of the Committee above Twenty Years past.

Sixthly, That the present Governor Sir Thom. Cook, about Nine Years past, had no Stock at all; nor Sir Joseph Herne, the late Governor, about Twenty Years past; nor Sir William Langhome, now one of the greatest Adventurers, Four Years since; and several other considerable Adventurers, not above Two Years past: They came in by several Purchases, and many at much dearer Rates than the present Price current of the Stock: And there is now, of the present Committee, Five worthy Persons, very late Purchasers, which never were of the Committee before this Year.

Seventhly, If there be some of the present Adventurers, that had Courage enough to keep their Stocks, and never sold any Part thereof during all those violent and unreasonable Attempts that have been made against the Company; whether such Persons do not rather deserve the Thanks which the Roman Senate gave Terentius Varro, Quod non desperdsset de republica than any Blame.

Eighthly, If it be thought, by any mat envy the Company’s good Fortune, that some few of the Company are too rich and too powerful in the Committee; the Company answer, That, to cure That, if it be a Fault, there needs no Law, nor new Article iq any Charter; for a very few Years will cure That, without such preternatural Force: For that the Sons of such Men were never known to succeed their Fathers in the painful Fatigue of the Company’s Affairs: but did always settle themselves upon an easier Course of Life, by a Revenue in Land.

Ninthly, The Company, nor peradventure any great Business in the World, did ever thrive, where some One or Two Men, or very few, did not arrive to so much Reputation, as Machiavell calls it, as to be able to moderate the Counsels of the Commonwealth or Society: So it is now in the Netherlands East India Company, and so it was ever in the English East India Company, except for the first Seven Years after the last Change; in which Seven Years the Stock, and the Company’s Affairs, dwindled almost to nothing; until Sir William Thompson, deceased (a Gentlemen of famous Prudence and Integrity), arrived at that Reputatiop, that, in effect, he governed the whole Affairs of the Company until the Day of his Death: And, under his said Conduct the Company’s Affairs did revive and prosper; and have, since his Death, more increased by happy Methods derived originally from his Wisdom. His worthy Son and Posterity are now settled upon Estates in Land, and have no Concerns in the Company.

East India House,

20th May 1693. Signed, by Order of the

Court of Committees,

Ro. Black borne, Seer.

Resolved, Nemine qoytradicente, That a Bill be brought in for the regulating, preserving, and establishing tha East India Trade to this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into Committee of tha whole House, to consider of Heads for the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Message from his Majesty, and the Papers relating the reunto, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Sir Math. Andrexces, Mr. Bowyer, Sir Francis Blake, Mr. Arnold, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Chase, and Mr. Hutchinson, have Leave appear at the King's Bench Bar, to give Evidence at the Tryal of Mr. Fuller.

8 Q Ordered,

East India Company.

Leave for Members to give Evidence at Kin/s BeqcV

rjo6 170 — 18° Noventbris. . 1692.

L«;iv? for Ordered, That the Clerk of this House have Leave to ai'te'io/'it attea(l the said Tryal, with the Papers, formerly deli-King’&itench. vere(l in to this House, relating to Mr. Fuller.

Papers from ' Sir Thomas Littleton presented to the House several

Ortlnunce Papers, from the Office of Ordnance, relating to the Office. , 1 ’ >0

Descent.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the Examination of the said Papers be referred to the Committee to whom the Examination of the Papers presented to the House by the Commissioners for Transportation, is referred.

Perjury. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, That

Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, in capital Cases, shall be Felony, without Benefit of Clergy: And that Sir, Joseph Tredenham do prepare and bring in the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ekees, Mr. 'How, Sir Jacob AshleyMr. Bedding feild,

Sir John Guise, Mr. Pelham, Sir John Knight, Sir Cha»

Bloys, Major Vincent, Mr. - Doxcdsxce/t, Mr.

Sir Ralph Carr, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir John Turner, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Bockenham, Sir Thor Roberts, Mr.

Travers, Mr. Bidierstaffe, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Math,

Andrexccs, Lord Powlet, Sir J ho. Darcy, Mr.

Mr. Dyot, Mr. England, Mr. Box Mr. Speak, Mr. Beak, Sir Edxv. Chisnall, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Key,

Colonel Granvill, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Air. Clark,

Mr. Arnold, Mr. Hopkins, Sir (Valter Young: 'And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in t!,o Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send fi,r Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to bring in a Clause for the Security of an Annuity to Richard Seys, Esquire, out of the said Duty of Aulnage.

Mr. Papil/ion according to Ol der, presented to the Importing House a Bill for the Importation oi fine Italian, Sicilian, Sl,k* and Naples Thrown Silk over Land. And the same was received.

Selling live Cattle,

Convex

Lights.

Aujnuge

Duty.

; Veneris, 18* die;

4* Willielmi et Maria'.

Pray ers.

A BILL to prevent Butchers selling live Cattle was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Air. Christy, Sir Richard Hart, Mr. (Vilnwtt, Sir JVm, Cool:, Mr. White, Mr. England,

Mr. Greenjcild, Mr. Hambden, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Archer,

Mr. Burdett, Mr. Maine, Mr. B Mr. Biddulph, Mr.

Hawtrey, Air., Pelham, Mr. Blmrfeild, Alajor Beake, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Hedge)', Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Air.

Palmes, Sir Tho. Bamardislon, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Robert Henley, Lord Marquis (Vinton, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Tho. Darcey, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Chaplyn, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Fran. Guibon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Hobbs, and others, on behalf of themselves and Partners, was read; setting forth, That, by a Patent to them granted for the sole Use of Convex Lights, they have, at their great Charge and Trouble, brought the same to Perfection, at their Cost of many Thousand Pounds more than they have received, or can possibly receive, before the Time of the said-Patent will be expired: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the granting to them the sole Use of such Lights, for such longer Term as the House Should think fit

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, according to the said Petition.

And it is referred unto Air; Mr. Rider, Sir

Tho. Clarges, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Cook,' Air.

Bulkley, Mr. Bcddirtgfeild, Sir Fr. Sir Rich.

Hart, Sir Tho. Haslerigg, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Colt, Air. ‘ IValler.Air. England, Sir Tho. Bernardiston, Air.

Burdett, Major Vincent, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Sir

John Knight, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Bmcyer, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Hen. Vincent, Sir Sir

Clarke, Sir (Valter Clarges, Mr. Hungerf'ord, Mr. Clark, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. (Vheat, Mr. ;or

any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon-at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1 . '

A Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and for giving a Recoin--pence to the Crown for the same, was read the Second time.

Rcsohrd, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Francis Guibon, Mr. Curler, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. BlmftUd, Sir Tho. Bernardiston, Sir

Mr. Shackcrlcy, Sir Rich.Hart, Mr. Ilaxctry, Sir Jerv.

A Bill to prevent false and Double Returns of Mem- Flection bersto serve in Parliament, was read the Second time. Returns.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Clarke,

Mr. Biddulph, Sir John Dorrcll, Mr. Serjeant Trenchant,

Air. Etterick, Mr. Sandjord, Sir Robert Henley, Air.

Harley, Sir Fr.Guibon, Sir Eduard Abney, Lord Marquis

(Vinton, Sir John Guise, Mr. Air. Arnold, Air.

Haxctry, Mr. Randall, Mr. Burrard, Sir Robert Oarers, Mr. IValler, Mr. Ltoiyl, Colonel Titus, Sir John Mr. 7} savers, Mr. How, Mr. Bickerstajfe, Air.

Mr. CK'aplyn, Sir (VUliam Cook, Sir Ro. Cotton, Sir Tho. *Darcy, Mr. Lultcrell, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Speak,

Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Christy,

Air. Foley, Mr. Dyot, Mr. IVilmott, Sir Tho.

Air. Biddulph, Mr. Burdett, Mr. England, Mr. Thorn-haugh, Mr. Fuller, Sir (VUliam York, Mr. Beake, Air.

Morgan: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Book of and consider the Book of Rates, and the Balance of Trade, for the Advantage of this Kingdom; and to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Guise, Sir Cha.

Sir Robert Davers, Sir Sam. Bernardiston, Mr.

Sir Thom. Clarges, Mr. Bickerstajfe, Sir (Valter Clarges,

Sir (ValterYoung, Mr. Morris, Mr. Gxryn, Sir Ben. land, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Travers, Air.

Sir Peter Colleton, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Robert Cotton,

Mr. Scobell, Mr. England, Mr. Slater, Mr. Foley, Sir John Dorrell, Sir John Knight, Sir Sam. Dashwood, Mr. Hedger,

Air. Reboxv, Sir Math.Andrewes, Lord Mr.

chinson, Mr. Biddulph, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Air.

Major Vincent, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Harley, Mr. Air. Bridges,'Mr. Clarke, Mr. Champnyes, Mr. Pelham, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Speke, Sir Jervas Air.

Foley, Sir Fr.Massam, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Neale: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to sit de die in diem: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Then the Order of the Day for reading the Bill for Tryats for Regulating of Tryals, in Cases of High Treason, was 1 rr;,k<’"* read.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go, with the Mace, into (Westminster Hall, and to the several Courts, and into

the Court of Requests; and summon the Alembers there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly. '

And being returned; -

The said Bill was read the Second time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The

1

privilege —

I ei>‘»ns (iis-cn a'ji* hom C usiod Vi

Treties and

j\. i.diu

Ti^nsport

btrvice.

Convex

Lights.

Woollen

Manufacture.

Importing

Silk.

Cruisers and Convoys.

4W.fifM. 18° — ip° Nerve mbris* 707

I’he House divided* The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

fMr.

’\Sir Gilbert Clarke,

Tellers for the Noes P,r* tellers for the JNocs,jSir

70.

152*

J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved \lliat this House will, upon Thursday Morning next at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bilh

Ordered, That John Dent, William Loder, and John ‘Smith, ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, lor a Breach of Privilege, be discharged out of Custody, without paying any Tees.

paid Losses on Insiirarfiee); and the other of Twenty-one* which came by their last Foreign Post.

That Captain Arnold said, He came from St. Maloes, where he was a Prisoner on Sunday was Sevennight; and that Thirty-nine Masters of Ships, that had been Prisoners there, came over with him, who had all, excepting one, been taken since the Eighth of August last: That there w'ere One hundred Sail of Ships brought in to St. Maloes -between August and November: And that he himself was taken off ot Cape Clerc, coming from

That Alderman Berry said, That he hud paid Losses for near One thousand Sail of Ships; and that it has actually cost him Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling since Christmas last, for Ships lost, the greatest Part whereof were taken by the Enemy: The Particulars of each Loss he undertook to prove; as also of Forty thousand Pounds more since the Resolution, in Fourteen Days or Three Weeks time.

Sir Joseph Williamson reported from the Committee appointed to translate the Treaties and Alliances laid before the House, That they had translated the said Treaties; and prepared Abstracts: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Winchester, Sir William Strickland, and Mr. be added to the

Committee to whom the Examination of the Papers presented to the House, by the Commissioners for Transpor-tation, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 19* die Novembris;

'4# Willielmi et Maria;.

Prayers.

MR. Waller, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for the granting a further Term of Years to the Patentees of the Convex Lights. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Guise presented to the House a Bill for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactory of this Kingdom. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Thrown Silk over Land, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Colonel Granvilereported from the Committee, to

whom the Examination of the Petition of divers Merchants and Owners of Ships of the City of London, by which they complained of great Losses by them sustained at Sea, and also to' whom the Consideration of the monthly Accounts of the Disposition of the Ships for the Guard of the Coast and Trade, was referred, That they had examined the Matter accordingly; and had directed him to report the same to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, in Writing, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That the Petitioners appeared before the said Committee; and alleged, That the Shortness of their d ime had made them, in some measure, incapable of prov ing the most extensive Suggestions of their Petition; but that they would offer such Proof as they then had,-in relation to the same: And to that End;

As to the First Head;

Mr. Prince produced Two Lists; one of Three hundred and Twelve Ships (for which, he affirmed, he had Vol. X.

As to the Second Head;

That Captain Wild, of the said, That, in

1C89, lie, being homeward bound from Virginea with about Nine hundred Hogsheads of Tobacco aboard (which would have yielded about Eight thousand Pounds Custom), was met, off the Bechee, by the Ship Henrietta: The Captain w hereof pressed the Majority of his healthy Men: w hereby he was soon after taken by a Dankirker, off the A esse, against whom he could have guarded himself, if he had his Men, that were pressed from him, on board.

That Captain Ryder, of the Barnaby, said, That he, being homewards bound, arrived in the Dounes with a Cargo of One thousand One hundred and Fifty Hogsheads of Tobacco (which would have paid Twelve thousand Pounds Custom), Burden Six hundred Ton: His Com* plement of Men was Thirty-six, whereout, upon the Second September 1689, he had Twenty-one of his effective Men pressed from him, leaving Six of the Remainder sick upon his Hands; whereby the Ship afterwards became a Prey to the Enemy.

As to the Third Head;

That Captain Jones said, That, he coming from Jamaica, Master of the Hawk, the Ship was taken by the French; who having taken but a very small Part of her Cargo out of her, being laden with Sugars, she happened afterwards to be retaken, and brought into Portsmouth in 1689; whither the Owners sending for a Valuation of her Cargo, found she was totally stripped thereof by the Man of War which took her; excepting some few Sugars and some Logwood, which were not worth thle Charges of endeavouring the Recovery: Abd that a Complaint of the Premises was made to the Admiralty.

That Mr. Samson Guiddionsaid, That the America, which was taken about Two Years ago, and then retaken by the Mary Galley, was robbed by that Ship’s Crew; whereby the Examinant lost above One hundred Fifty Pounds to his own Share: That Salvage was paid in to the Admiralty Court.

That Mr. Isam, Merchant, said, That, about December last, he went to the Admiralty, to pray for a further Convoy to go with Captain Wren, with the then Fleet; which was granted by the Commissioners of the Admiralty: But, upon the Examinant's discoursing of the Losses he, with others then with him, had sustained, Mr. Priest-man was pleased to say. That if they all lost Two Ships in Three, they would be. Savers by tiic Bargain.

That Captain Mascallsaid, He was fhen by Mr. Priest-

man, when Mr. Priestman was pleased to throw that Reflection upon the Merchants at the Admiralty Board.

That Mr: Ishamsaid. That, a Quarantine being laid

upon his Ship, he, with others, Owners, applied themselves to the Queen, to have the same taken off; having certain Information, That all the Seamen on board w ere in very good Health: And, being referred to the Admiralty, where the Examinant made good his Petition, by a Passenger that came over in the Ship; for proving whereof, the said Mr. Priest man told the said Passenger,

h«

Cruisers and Convoys,

708 190 — 21° N. 1692.

he deserved to be hanged: And, during the said Quarantine, the Seamen were pressed away trom on board the said Ship and Fleet

That Mr. Richardson said, That, about Two Years since, he, having gotten an Order from the King and Council to go to the Coast of , made his Appli-

cation to the Admiralty for a Convoy; and he had an Order, which was intended for Fourteen Men and Eight Guns: But, by the Clerk's Mistake, it was made Fourteen Guns and Eight Men: And, notwithstanding the Demonstration of the Mistake, and the Lord seemed very sensible of it, yet the said Mr. opposed the retrieving the same: And that the Examinant lost a Ship going only from to

That Mr. Prince said, That the Providence, of about Sixty Ton, was retaken by Captain Avery: Whereout he, or Crew, took about Sixty thousand Pounds Weight of Tobacco: For the Redemption whereof the Captain then demanded a Composition; and he was paid Fifty Pounds per Cent, for the same; and yet w'as af terwards heard to complain, that he had not taken enough.

That the Mehitobell, in her Return from Mount Surratt,

was taken upon the Coast of Ireland, and afterwards retaken by the Chattam, xn Decemberlast, the French having

taken out of her only Two or Three Barrels of Indico; the Captain afterwards possessing himself of so much of the Cargo the Freight whereof came to Four hundred Pounds: Whereupon he applied himself to the Commissioners of the Admiralty: And, they giving him Leave to sue the Captain, they got what Satisfaction they could, which was about Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, and some Chests of Indico; he telling the Examinant, That, if they persisted to complain of him to the Admiralty Board, in order to have him turned out, he would throw himself into the Kings Bench.

That Mr. Carnes said, That, about 1689, some Gentlemen, having made their Escape from Ireland, with what Cargo they could get, freighted a Ship therewith, bound for Bristoll: In her Passage, the Ship was taken by the French, and afterwards retaken by the David, and sent into Plymouth, stripped of all her Cargo, by the Captain of the St. David, excepting about Six Barrels of Salmon; the French not having removed any Part thereof: That the said Cargo might be worth about Twelve hundred Pounds: For want' whereof, the poor Protestant Gentlemen lay Prisoners in France a great while, reduced to Want and Misery: The Examinant, in the mean time, used his Endeavours, for their Sakes, to prosecute the said Captain: But, he soon after getting into a new Commission, was prevented doing the same; being told by the Admiralty Board, that such Prosecutions would much delay and prejudice the King’s Service.

As to the Fourth Head;

That Captain Strutt said, That he, being Commander of the Carolina, arrived at the the Twentieth

January; and was detained there till the Eighth July, by reason his Men were pressed from him, and sent for the Leaoard Islands', and was forced at last to return home with only Two of his Foremast Men, and some others defective, aboard him; otherwise he might have returned in Six Weeks, instead of Six Months, his Number not being sufficient to man his Ship; burden Three hundred Ton.

That CopXainHudson had hisMen likewise pressed, and taken away from him, in the Barbadoes: And that the Hampshire pressed many Men aboard, where they died.

That, at least, Sixteen hundred Men died out of the Mary Frigate, while she staid in the West Indies.

As to the Fifth Head;

That Mr. Isham and others, said, That continuing the Embargoes after the Fleet Royal was out, and necessitating Traffick so late in the Year, was a great and manifest Prejudice to Trade, the Privateers being then most abroad: The which Mischiefs without Detention by Embargoes, might be easily prevented by a few Station Ships to cruise upon and guard our Coasts.

1 7

That Captain Arnold said, That, when he was at St. Malms there were Sixty Privateers belonging to that Port; and was there told, they had One hundred and Fifty more in other Ports; and that, upon his Discourse with the French, in relation to their coming upon our Coasts, notwithstanding our Ships were abroad, they in Derision, told him, they knew very well our Ships of War rode very safe in the Downes and Plymouth Sound.

That Mr. Way said, That, he coining as a Passenger from Jamaica, without a Convoy, the Twenty-fourth

August last, a Vessel of Twenty-four Guns attacked them, but was forced to bear away; but, in Two Hours after, she, coming up again, and having Sight of another French Man of War, attacked and took her, and detained the Ship’s Crew on board till the Fifth of In

which time the Examinant made an Observation of seeing every Day one or inure Privateers, but rarely any Man of War.

That the Committee also, according to their last Order, took into' Consideration the monthly Account of the Disposition of the Ships for the Guard of the Coasts and Trade, delivered in by the Commissioners of the Admiralty; and did not find, that there had been Cruisers abroad, either Westward or Northward, sufficient for ^ecuring the Ships outward and homeward-bound.

Then the House being informed, That Sir John Ashby, according to their Order, attended at the Door;

lie was called in; and, at the Bar, gave the House an Account of the Proceedings of the Ships under his Command in and after the Fight at Sea with the French, the last Summer.

And then withdrew.

And, being called in again, Mr. Speaker, by Direction of the House, acquainted him, That the House took notice of his ingenuous Behaviour at the Bar: And that he had given an Account to the Satisfaction of the House; and was dismissed from further Attendance.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby he desires the Advice of this House; and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten a Clock,

Lunce, 21* die Novembris;

4° Willielmi ct Mariae.

Praters.

f\RDE RED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court: And that Mr. Walla’ do prepare and bring in the said BilL

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport in the County of Southampton, in

the room of Sir Robert Holmes, Knight, deceased.

Sir Waller Young presented to the House a Bill for ascertaining the Fees to be paid to the Officers, and Ministers of Justice, in any of their Majesties Courts; and providing for the due Administration'of Justice. And the same was, received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Frauds by clandestine Mortgages.

Then

.A cl vice to tiic King,

Malicious Inform ations.

Newport

Writ.

Fees in

Courts of Justice.

Clandestine

Mortgages.

Advice to the King.

Committees,

Privilege.

Convex

Lights.

Ditto.

4 W.tf M. 2I° — 22‘

Then the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby he desires the Advice of this House, was read. v

Ordered, That the Report made upon Saturday last, from the Committee to whom the Examination of the Petition of divers Merchants, and Owners of Ships, in the City of Londtm, was referred, be referred to the said

Committee of the whole House.

Then the House, according to the said Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis Wynnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Francis Wynnington reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, That they might have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby he desires the Advice of this House; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Martis, 22* die Novembris;

4° Willielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

A COMPLAINT being made to the House, That Digory Cloke, Robert Daubin senior, and Robert Daubin, junior, had entered, and taken Possession of Part of the Estate of Sir William Bassett, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Examination of the said Complaint be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that the said Committee do summons the said Persons to answer the said Complaint; and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill for granting a further Term of Years to the Partners concerned in the Convex Lights was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Waller, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Nicholas, Colonel Gold-well, Mr. Tilney, Mr. Mr. Chetwyn,

Sir Robert Eden, Colonel Perry, Sir Massam, Mr. Willmott, Mr. Blofeild, Lord Mr. Colt, Mr.

Done, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lutterell, Lord Pmdett, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Price, Sir Robert Cotton, Major

cent, Mr. Clark, Sir John Knight, Mr. Serjeant Trench ard, Sir Wm. Cook, Mr. Townes, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Biddulph, Lord Faulkland, Mr Mr. Fuller, Captain Pitts, Mr. Foley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Onslow, Sir William York, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Gilbert Clark, Mr. Osborne, Sir Sam.DashwoodAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

A Petition of Craven Howard Esquire, and others, was read; setting forth, That they being informed a Bill is brought into this House, for granting a further Term to the Patentees of the Convex Lights, with an Exclusion of the setting up any other Light; with a Clause of Conviction, for any Offence, before one Justice of Peace; that there is no Mention made, in the said Patent, of Convex Lights: That the Petitioners are the Inventors of a Light called the Light Royal, being one entire Glass, giving Light to all Places round about, and underneath, without any Darks or Shades(which the other Lights have), and much clearer and more useful; and will be cheaper to Vo i. X.

Novembris. 709

the Publick than any Light now in Use; which the Petitioners are about to set up: That the said Bill is to establish a Monopoly and discourage Industry and Invention for the publick Good: and for that the Petitioners do not desire to abridge the said Persons of the Benefit of their Patent, in case it shall be found to be legal (the contrary whereof, they hope to prove), they pray to be heard against the said Bill, and particularly against the said Clauses for Exclusion and Conviction.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for granting a longer Term of Years to the Partners concerned in the Convex Lights is committed.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Tuesday last, for a Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That the said Committee had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and i3 as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Attorney General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That his Majesty be humbly desired, That a State of the War for the Year 1693, in relation to the Navy and Land Forces, be laid before the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That he will be pleased to order a State of the W ar for the Year 1693, in relation to the Navy and Land Forces, to be laid before this House.

Mr. Attorney General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House,

That the Committee may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at 'Fen a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Then the Translations and Abstracts of the Alliances were read.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, That he will please to give Order, That the Treaty with Denmark, for furnishing Seven thousand Men, be laid before this House.

A Petition of the Turkey Governor and Company of importing Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, Silk, was read; setting forth, That a Bill being brought into the House for the Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Thrown Silk, notwithstanding an Act made by this Parliament to the contrary, to good Effect; the Petitioners conceive the said Bill is very prejudicial to the Exportation of the Woolen Manufacture, and the Art of Throwing Silk; a discouragement to Navigation, and the trading Subjects of this Kingdom; whereby Trade will

8 R inevitably

Aulnage

Doty.

Committees.

AttwoocTs

Estate.

Importing

East India Company.

Advice to the King.

710 220 — 23* — 240 Novembris.

A. 1692.

inevitably fall into the Hands of the Dutch, and other Foreigners: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Second time.

ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby his Majesty desires the Advice of this House; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Sir John Key, Sir Walter Younge, Mr. Clark, Mr. Onslawe, Mr. Hopkins, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and for giving a Itecompence to the Crown for the same, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 23° die Novembris;

4* Willielmi et Mari*.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Abell and Ann his

Wife was presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them to make Sale of Lands in the County of Worcester, for payment of their Debts, and Provision for their younger Children.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Company of Silkthrowers, London, was read; setting forth, That, by an Act made in this present Parliament, lor discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk, the Petitioners have had great Encouragement in their Trade, which has maintained many Thousand poor People, most of which are Seamen’s Wives and Children: That a Company, calling themselves the Weavers of London and Canterbury, and the Royal Lustring Company, have lately presented a Bill for Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Thrown Silk, during the present War; which Bill will be the Ruin of the Petitioners, and impoverish the Poor, whom they employ: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Gloucester, was read; setting forth, That for want of Employment for the poor Labourers in the Woolen Manufactory in that County, some Parishes are forced to pay Three Shillings in the Pound, out of their Lands, for the necessary Relief of their Poor: That their Trade had its Sole Dependence upon the East India Company; but, for Three or Four Years last past, they have bought none of their Manufactories, nor, as informed, of any other Counties: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to establish a new East India Company, that may be obliged to transport a certain Quantity of the Woolen Manufactory of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Matter of the East India Trade shall be taken into Consideration.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, tv hereby his Majesty desires the Advice of this House. Mi'. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Francis Winnington reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-23

Resolved, That the House will, upon Monday Morning Tryals for next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Treason-the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Regulating of Tryals, in cases of High Treason; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning East India at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Company* whole House, to consider of Heads for a Bill for preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

lords, 24* die Novembris;

4* Willielmi et Mari*.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several of the Factors of Black- woollen

well Hall, was read; setting forth, That a Bill Manufacture being brought into the House under the Title of a Bill for the Encouragement of the Woolen Manufactory of this Kingdom, they conceive it to be of a far different Nature from the said Title; and prayed to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabte, till the said Bill shall be read the Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be not read the Second time before Twelve a Clock.

A Petition of Anth. Vernatty, Gentleman, was read; Convex setting forth, that the Petitioner hath a Patent, dated Lights.

3.5 Car. IP1, for lighting all public Streets and Passages within his Majesty’s Dominions for the Space of Fourteen Years, with Lanthorns with Lamps; which by your Majesty’s Command, are made use of from Clarendon House, to the Palace of Kingsinton, and in other Places about this City: And there now being a Bill committed in Favour of the Convex Lights, it may prejudice the Petitioner: And praying to be heard, at the Committee, for the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for granting a further Term of Years to the Partners concerned in the Convex Lights is committed.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, Ditto, and Fellowship, of the Mystery of Horners of the City of London, was read; setting forth, That they are an ancient Company, and their Trade chiefly depends in making Lanthorn Leaves: That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill brought in by several Persons, under colour of a Patent for Convex Lights, for granting to them a further Term of Years: That before the setting up the said Lights, the Petitioners made a far greater Number of Lanthorn Leaves than they now do; and they now maintain their Families, and pay Taxes: But, if the said Bill Should pass, they shall be ruined: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for granting a further Term of Years to the Partners concerned in the Convex Lights, is committed.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty Ditto, of the Art and Mystery of Tallow Chandlers of the City of London, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were incorporated 2° EdwIV u; and have ever since so continued: That, when the Charter of the City of London was seized, a Patent was obtained, as alleged, for enlightening

Trade in Cities, See.

Malicious

Informations.

Tendon

Orphans.

East India Company.

Convex

Lights.

Committee?.

4 W. £J> M. 24* — -25° Novembris.

711

lightening rite Streets; which was a Tina® when your Petitioners could not appear to oppose it: That the Petitioners understand a Bill is now brought in, for granting a further Time to the said Patent: That, if the said Bill Should pass, it would be a great Prejudice, not only to your Petitioners, and many hundred Families, but also to all Gentlemen that are Owners of Feeding and Breeding-grounds, by lessening the Price of Tallow: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the granting a further Term of Years to the Partners concerned in the Convex Lights, is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing the Decay of Trade in Cities, Corporations, and Market Towns.

And the same was accordingly presented to the House.

The Bill was read the First time.

liesolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. JVaNei', according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, and Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London, touching the Orphans of the said City.

A Petition of several Merchants, and others, trading to the East Indies, was read; setting forth, That the

Petitioners, and many others, last Session of Parliament, applied themselves to the House for erecting a new East India Company, to preserve that Trade, which is, in a great measure, lost; and will wholly fall into the Hands of our Neighbours, unless timely prevented: And praying, That the House w ould take the Premises into their Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Heads for a Bill for preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Gloucester, presented to the House Yesterday, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads for a Bill for preserving, regulating and establishing the East India Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. "

Mr. Smith reported from the said Committee, That

they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred: And that they had directed him to move, That the Committee might have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Heads for a Bill for the preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 25* die Novembris;

4® Willielmi et Maria:.

Prayers.

MR, Foley, according to Order, presented to the wye and House a Bill for making the Rivers of Wye and Lu^g Navi-Lugg navigable. And the same was received. gation.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill he not read before Twelve a Clock.

The Lord Falkland, acquainted the House, That he Navy Esti-was commanded by his Majesty to present to the House, mate, pursuant to their Address, an Estimate of the Charge of their Majesties Navy for the Year 1603: The which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w'as read; and is as followeth;

Admiralty Office, 24th 1692. An Estimate of the Charge of their Majesties Navy for the Year 1693.

s. d.

The Charge of the Ordnance Estimate 100,000-----

The Charge of Wages, Victuals, Wear and Tear, and Ordnance Stores, for Thirty-three thousand and Ten Men serving in their Majesties Ships at Sea for Thirteen Months, at Four Pounds Five Shillings each Man per Month - - - - 1,823,802 10 — -

For the Freight, Victuals, and Wages, of Thirty hired Ketches, to attend the main Fleet; at Forty Pounds each per Month, for Nine Months - For the Freight, Victuals, and Wrages of Five hired Hospital Ships; Four whereof to attend the main Fleet for Seven Months, and the other the West India Squadron for Thirteen Months; at Three hundred Pounds each per Month - -

The Charge of making, completing, and finishing their Majesties Naval Yard at Hamose, near Plymouth, with Dwelling-houses for the Officers, Storehouses, Workhouses, and inclosing the said Yard with a Wall,

For the Charge of building Four Bomb Vessels, at Two thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds each -

.For the Charge of the Ttvo Marine Regiments for the Year 1693 The Charge of building Eight new Ships of the Fourth Rate, of Forty-eight Guns each, and furnishing them with Rigging, and Eight Months Boatswains and Carpenters Sea Stores, at Eight thousand Five hundred and Fifty Pounds each

8,400-----

12,300-----

23,406-----

10,908-----

3o;oooo-----

68,400-----

Total j£. 2,077,216 10 —

Ordered, That Mr. Davenant, Mr. Champney, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Turner, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Hill, Mr. Chase, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for granting a further Term of Years to the Partners concerned in the Convex Lights, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived*

Vo l. X.

The Lord Ranelagh acquainted the House, That he Army Esti-was commanded by his Majesty to present to the House, mate, pursuant to their Address, a List of the Land-forces, which his Majesty thinks necessary to be maintained in England and Scotland, and beyond the Seas: The which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth:

A List

Army

Estimate.

712

250 Novembris.

d. l6

A List of the Land Forces which his Majesty thinks necessary to be maintained in England, Scotland, and beyond Seas, for the Service of the Year 1693; viz. Eight Thousand One hundred and Thirty Horse, Two thousand Four hundred and Eighty Dragoons, and Forty-three thousand Nine hundred and Fifty-two Foot; in all, Fifty-four thousand Five hundred and Sixty-two Men; neither Commissioned nor Non-commissioned Officers being included in that Number, except in the Dutch Regiments; but, in the Charge set down, the Pay of all the said Officers is included:

Horse.

First Troop of Guards Second Troop of Guard Third Troop of Guards Troop of Scott Guards Royal Regiment - -

Queen’s Regiment - -Colonel Villiers’s -Lord Berkleye’s h Colchester’s - -Colonel Godfirye’s -Colonel Coye’s - -

Colonel Windham’s 1< Byerlie’s -

Duke of Leinster’s -Lord Gall way’s - -

Danes Prince of W temberg -

Marquis la Forrest’s -Colonel Schested’s -Dutch Troop of Guards Regiment of Guards Reiddessell’s - -Reighteven’s - -

Monpovillan’s - -Athlone’s -

Sgravemore’s - -

Zuylesteyii’s - -

Shack’s - - - -Nievenhuise’s - -

Boncour's -

Total of Horse -

Dragoons.

Royal Regiment Colonel Leveson's -Lord Fitzharding’s -SirTho. Levingston’s -Colonel Eppinger’s -

Total of Dragoons

Foot.

Reg1 of Scotts Guards Royal Regiment Regiment of Fusileers -Col. Selwyn, late Kirk’s Colonel Churchill’s Colonel Trelawyne’s Colonel Beaumont’s Earl of Bath’s - -

Colonel Brewer’s -Colonel Hastings’s -Colonel Beveridge’s

Troops and Companies. Number of Men. Pay per Annum.

£ s. d.

.1 260 21,985 3 4

s 1 260 21,985 3 4

1 260 21,985 3 4

1 118 9.687 14 2

9 53i 33,829 8 4

9 53i 34,094 — 10

6 354 23,098 8 4

\ 6 354 23,098 8 4

6 354 23,098 8 4

6 354 23,098 8 4

\- 6 354 23,098 8 4

6 354 23,098 8 4

9 53i 44,952 15 10

f 6 306 12,916 8 9

6 306 12,916 8 9

6 306 12,916 8 9

1 200 18,389 18 4

6 480 25,206 5 10

3 213 6,901 10 10

3 213 6,901 10 10

3 213 6,901 10 10

3 213 6,901 10 10

3 213 6,901 10 10

3 213 6,901 10 10

3 213 6,901 10 10

3 213 6,901 10 10

3 213 6,901 10 10

n9 8,130 471,569 7 1

8 480 29,926 13 4

6 360 15,999 3 4

6 360 15,999 3 4

6 360 15,999 3 4

10 920 31,329 3 4

36 2,480 100,253 6 8

s 28 2,240 54,016 19 2

14 1,120 27,511 17 6

14 1,120 20,966 4 2

26 1,560 31,712 8 4

13 780 16,455 8 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

»3 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

1.3 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

Foot

Sir David Colj ear’s Sir James Lesly’s ~ olonel Goodwyn’s Hales’s - -Colonel Foulkes’s Sir Geo. St. George’s -Col. Collingwood’s Fitzpatrick’s - -

ol. Stanly’s late Hodw Colonel D. O. Farrell’s -Col. Earle’s late Luttrell’s Colonel Earle’s former Regiment - -

Earl of Monmouth’s Duke of Bolton’s - -

Colonel Godfry Lloyd’s Lord Castleton s - -Colonel Venners’s Deering’s - -Sir John Morgan’s late Herbert’s -Earl of Leven’s - -Col. Monroe late Angus’s Earl of Arguyle’s - -Colonel Tiffin’s - - -Colonel Eneas Mackay’s Sir Cha. Grayham’s - -

Colonel Lander’s - -

Prince of Hesse’s - -Lord Cutz’s - - - -Colonel Edward Lloyd’s Company at Windsor -Company of Miners - -

Upnor Company -

New York Company -

Islands

Queen’s Battalion Prince Frederick’s Battal. Prince Christian’s Battal Prince George’s Battalior The Zealand Battalion -The Jutland Battalion -The Tunish Battalion -Dutch Reg* of Guards -Prince of Brandenburg’s Count De Nassawe’s Colonel Groben’s - -

Total of Foot

Total of Horse, Dragoons, and Foot -

Troops and Companies. Number of Men. 1 Pay per Annum.

13 780 £. s. d. 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

f 13 O 00 is 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

[ 13 780 16,145 3 4

3 13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

f 13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

f *3 C CO 16,145 3 4

f 13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

*3 780 16,145 3 4

13 780 16,145 3 4

1 150 1,722 9 8

1 50 1,733 15 —

1 50 863 16 8

2 120 2,354 5 —

\ 60 i,i77 2 6

s 7 721 14,639 10 10

7 707 10,979 13 1

6 600 9,445 6 10

6 600 9,533 6 10

1 6 600 9,083 3 6

6 600 9,533 6 10

6 600 9,424 12 1

6 600 9,083 3 6

27 2,634 54,068 13 4

12 840 11,221 1 9

12 840 11,221 1 9

12 840 11,221 1 9

656 43,952 876,909 12 10

| 811 54,562 1,448,732 6 7

Memorandum. The List given in the last Sessions, and agreed to by the House, amounted to Fifty-one thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-four private Men; viz.Seven thousand Seven hundred and

Seventy Horse, Two thousand Four hundred and Eighty Dragoons, and Forty-one thousand Seven hundred and Fourteen Foot:. The Charge of which, for a Year, amounted to One Million Four hundred

Eighty-nine thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings.

The foregoing List exceeds the said former List by Two thousand Five hundred and Ninety-eight Men; viz. Three hundred and Sixty Horse, and Two thousand Two hundred and Thirty-eight Foot: And yet the Charge is less by Forty-one thousand and Ninety-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Five pence; by

reason

Loan on Poll Tax.

Ordnance

Estimate.

4W. <!# M. 25 0 Novembris.713

reason that the Danes and Dutch, in the former List, were all computed at English Pay; but, in this List, the Three Regiments of Danish Horse, Nine Regiments of Dutch Horse, Seven Battalions of Danish Foot, and Three Regiments of Dutch Foot, are computed at Dutch Pay, English Pay being only allowed to the Troop of Dutch Guards, the Regiment of Dutch Horse Guards, the Regiment of Dutch Dragoon Guards, the Regiment of Dutch Foot Guards, and the Battalion of Danish Foot Guards.

Memorandum also. That, over and above the Total of the foregoing List, there will be wanting,

For General Officers - For the Train For Transports - For his Majesty’s Proportion of the Subsidies agreed to be paid to the Dukes of Savoy and Hanover For the Pay of a Regiment of Horse, a Regiment of Dragoons, and a Regiment of Foot, which his Majesty is to have from the Duke of Saxony, in Lieu of the Three Regiments of Sax Gotha, which were under his Majesty's Pay this last Campaign, and which are now sent home, being in a very ill Condition FoCthe Hospitals, and Contingencies

31,788 8 6

210,773 4 5

200,000-----

150,000 — —

46,553 — 2;

40,000 -

679,119 13 i±

Total of the foregoing List, and the

aforesaid Particulars - - 2,127,851 19 81

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Estimate and List be referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate and last be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury do, upon Monday Morning next, lay before this House what has been raised and borrowed upon the Poll Bill.

Sir Thomas Littleton presented to the House an Estimate of the Charge of the War, in the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1693: The which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

An E ST I MATE of the Charge of the War, in the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1693; viz.

For Sea Service:

The Charge of re-supplying their £. s.. d. Majesties Fleet, which was at Sea last Summer; reckoning in the new Ships lately built, and the hired Ships employed as Men of War, with a full Proportion of Gunners Stores - - - -271,940 15 51

The Charge of supplying Seven Third and Fourth Rate Ships, which will be ready for the next Year’s Service, with the same Proportion of Gunners Stores - 20,439 17 9l

For Store Ships to attend the Fleet - 25,000-----

For Freight, gnd otherincident Charges in delivering and receiving back the Stores at the Going out and Coming

in of the Fleet - 9,000-----

Ordnance and Carnages to supply what

may be probably lost or broken - 15,000-----

Vol. X.

The Charge of providing Salt-petre cv s. d.

for Twenty thousand Barrels of

Powder for re-supplying their Majesties Stores; the Sum of - 73,431 5 11

Total - - £. 419,8! 1 *9 1

For Land Service:

Arms, S,r.for recruiting the Army, £. s. d.

supposing it consists of Sixty-rive . thousand Men; as likewise a Proportion of spare Arms, to march with the same - - - - 44,773 4 5

Ammunition for the like Number of

Men.....- 15,080-----

Tents necessary for supplying the

Army - 11,142 18 6

The Charge of cleaning and repairing

Arms, Armour, and other Stores - 8,000 — -

The Charge of re-supplying and recruiting Two Trains of Artillery with an Addition of Six Eighteen Inch Mortars, together with Bombs,

Carcases, Shot, Waggons, Harness,

Working Materials, and all other Necessaries for the same - -150,000 — —

The Charge of the proper Officers,

Ministers and Attendants, necessary for the said Trains for one Year; as likewise for Providing and Keeping of Draught Horses; and other Contingencies thereto belonging - - 75,467 8 —

The Charge of keeping, in the present Condition they are, their Majesties Forts, Castles, and Garisons, with Platforms and Carriages thereto belonging; and supplying the Barracks with Bedding; and Expences of Gunners Stores - 15,612 — —

Total - - 320,075 10 11

Office of Ordnance,

25 Nov. 1692.

H. Goodrich, Tho. Littleton,

Jo. Charlton, C. Musgrave.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate, be also referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Trea- Revenue, sury do, upon Monday Morning next, lay before this House the State of the Revenue; and what Loans, Debts, and Pensions, and by w’hom made, and to whom owing, are now charged thereupon.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Ixndon ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Orphans, mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen and Commonalty of the City of London, touching the Orphans of the said City.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the CJt Re_ City of London do, on Thursday Morning next, lay before venues. See. this House a true State of their Revenues, and of all Offices in the Disposal of the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs, and of the Charges of their Government.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday EaitIndia Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Company! mittee of the whole House, to consider further of Heads for a Bill for the preserving, regulating, and establishing, the East India Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Nicholas, be added convex to the Committee to whom the Bill for the granting a Light*.

8 S further

Bankrupts.

Quakers

Affirmation.

Clandestine Mortgages. A pprehend-ing Highway men.

Privilege.

Papers respecting the Descent.

714 2§° — 260 — 28° 1692.

farther Terra of Years to the Patentees of the Convex Lights, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 26* die Novembris;

4° Willielmi et Mar ire.

Prayers.

MR. Serjeant Wogan, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the better Discovery, and more equal Distribution, of Bankrupts Estates. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the People called Quakers was read; setting forth, That because they are persuaded, by reason of their tender Consciences, not to take an Oath in any Case, they are and have been prosecuted in the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, for want of their Answers upon Oath, and their Estates sequestered, and themselves imprisoned, and undergone great Hardships: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill, That their Solemn Answer may be accepted instead of an Oath; the Petitioners submitting, That, if any reputed Quaker shall falsify the Truth, and thereof be duly convicted, such Person shall undergo the like Pains as are provided against perjured Persons.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and they to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Clarke, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Slater, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Sir Thom.

Roberts, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Christy, Mr. Willmot, Sir

Francis Massham, Sir Sam. Bernardiston, Mr. Colt, Mr. How, Sir Edward Abney, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Cook, Mr. Done, Sir Wm. York, Mr. Guy, Mr. Waller, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. England, Mr. Sherrard, Sir Walter Young, Sir Wm. Cook, Mr. Fuller, Air.

Colonel Goldwell, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir John Moreton, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Parkhurst: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Air. Waller, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to prevent Frauds by Clandestine Mortgages. And the same was received.

Air. Brewer presented to the House a Bill to encourage the Apprehending of Highwaymen. And the same was received.

A Complaint being made to the House, That an Information of Intrusion is brought in the Court of Exchequer, against Sir Carbury Price, a Member of this House, relating to several Mines in his Possession; notwithstanding that, upon Two Tryals at the Bar of the said Court, the said Mines were found to be Lead Alines, and not Royal Alines; and that, unless the said Sir Carbury Price, do plead this Day to the said Information, a Judgment will be entered against him;

Resolved, That the said Sir Carbury Price have the Privilege of this House, against the said Information.

Air. Palmes reported from the Committee to whom the Examination of the several Papers presented to the House by the Commissioners for Transportation, and by the Commissioners of the Admiralty, and from the Office of Ordnance, touching the 'Descent, was referred, That they had directed him to state the Alatter to the House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be read on 'Monday Alorning next, at Nine a Clock.

22

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech; whereby his Majesty desires the Advice of this House.-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis Winington took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Francis Winington reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, That the Committee might have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Alorning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby his Majesty desires the Advice of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Larne, 28° die Novembris;

4* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, and Clothiers, and Dealers in Cloth, Serges, and Stockings, in the -West of England, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and also this Kingdom in general, have received great Benefit by an Act made in the First of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Ala-nufactures of this Kingdom; whereby a fi*ee Trade in the Woolen Manufacture was granted for Three Years, and thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; by reason whereof, the Price of Wool is considerably advanced; and the Petitioners have sold, for Exportation, far greater Quantities of Cloths than they did, when the said Trade Was limited: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for continuing that Part of the said Act, which gives the Freedom of Exportation of Woolen Manufactures.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And they to prepare and bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

And it is referred to Sir WYoung, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Waller, Six John Key, Air.

Christy, Air Biddulph, Mr. Willmot, Mr. England, Air.

Hutchinson, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Chadwick, Sir Christ. -grave, Sir Richard Temple, Mr Mr. Fenwick, Air.

Willmott, Mr. Beddingfeild, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Ryder, Sir John Guise; or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the several Courts in Westminster Hall, the Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex and Surry, and the Clerk of the Assize of the Home Circuit, do, on This-day-sevennight, present to this House a Table of the several Fees belonging to their several Courts and Offices established in the latter End of the Reign of Queen Eliz. and also a Table of all such Fees as are now by them taken.

Then, according to the Order of the Day, the Report from the Committee to whom the Examination of the several Papers presented to the House’by the Commissioners for the Transportation, and by the Commissioners of the Admiralty, and from the Office of Ordnance, touching the Descent, was referred, was read.

Air. Palmes reports from the Committee to whom the Examination of the PapCts delivered in by the Commissioners for Transportation, and by the Commissioners of

the

Advice to tb« King.

Woollen

Manufacture.

Fees of Courts of Law.

Papers respecting the Descent.

4 W. fijf M. 28° Novembris. 715

the Admiralty, touching the Descent, and of the Accounts of the Proceedings of the Meet after the Victory at Sea, and of the Papers from the Office of Ordnance, relating to the Descent, was referred, That they had examined the same accordingly: And that Admiral Russell had attended the Committee, and produced a Cook of Copies of Letters, and Copies or Extracts of several Letters sent to him relating to the Descent, and the several Papers presented to the House, from the Office of Ordnance: And that there was likewise produced several Letters and Orders directed to the Duke of Leinster: Which they had also examined: And that the Committee had directed him to state the Matter to the House: The which he did; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table, as is herein after-mentioned;

N°. I. March5th, 169*.

An Order from the Earl of Nottingham to the Commissioners for Transportation, to provide Shipping for Tin ee thousand Five hundred Men, and Three hundred and Eighty Horses, to be ready at by the End

of tlmt Month, and Shipping for Four thousand Men; and One thousand Five hundred Horses, to be ready, in the River of Thames, by the End of April.

N°. II. and III. March 28th, 92.

The Ships being ready at and for the aforesaid Men and Horses, the Transport Commissioners applied themselves to the Lords of the Committee of Counsel, to know, what time the Ships Should sail; and w’ere answered by the Earl of , next

Day, That the said Men were to be embarked the Fifteenth of April.

N°. IV. April 1st, 1692.

By Letter from Biddiford, the Transport Commissioners Correspondents give them notice, That they had secured upwards of Two thousand Tons of good Shipping, to scarry the Three thousand Five hundred Soldiers from KingsaleXo Portsmouth, at Thirteen Shillings per Ton; the Owners desiring to have Convoy from thence, if possible, to Kingsale, and there to have good Convoy to Portsmouth; to have half the Money in Hand, and Convoy with them, at their Return, as far as the Island of Bun-day: That their Correspondents were constrained to enter them into Pay from the 25th or else they could

have neither Men nor Ships, by reason of so many there seeking for Men, and a Man of War, and a Ketch looking for them, as they went in and out.

N°. V. April 4.

The Commissioners for Transportation, by Letter, inform the Lords of the Admiralty, That they, being ordered by the Lords of the Committee of their Majesties most honourable Privy Council, to take up Shipping at Bristoll and Biddiford; to send to Kingsale or Cork, to be there about the Middle of this Month, in order to bring from thence to Portsmouth Three thousand Five hundred Foot, for which the Ships would then be ready; prayed Convoy, as well from England to Ireland, as from thence to Portsmouth, and back again to the Isle of when

the Service was performed: And also thereby informed their Lordships, That they had directed the Ships, that lately carried the Danes from Ireland to Ostend, to come to the Dozencsior further Orders; intending to make use immediately of such of them as were fit for certain Services lately commanded them; and therefore prayed, That their Men might not be pressed out of the Ships on their Return to the Downes.

N\ VI. April 7th.

The Earl of Nottingham, by Letter, acquaints the said Commissioners,.....of the Admiralty had appointed

the Richmond to convoy the Ships from Bristoll and Biddiford, designed for the Transport of the Three thousand Five hundred and Fifty Men: And that the Admiralty would have the Commissioners of Transport order the Ships from Bristoll to go to Minehead, where the Convoy would call for them: And that they Should take care they be -ready by the Eighteenth instant, according to what is mentioned in their Paper: And, that no Obstruction or Vol. X.

Delay might be, the Commissioners Should acquaint the Lords of the Treasury therewith; to die end that they might be supplied with what Should be necessary for the enabling them to perform that Service.

N°. VII. April 9th. 02.

In Answer to which, the Commissioners, by Letter, inform the Lord Nottingham, That they having received his Lordship’s Letter of the Seventh Instant; wherein his Lordship lets them know, that the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty had appointed the Richmond to convoy the Ships from Bristoll and Biddiford, designed for the Transport of Three thousand Five hundred and Fifty Men from Ireland and that they w'ould have the Transport

Commissioners to order the Ships from Bristoll to go to Minehead, where the Convoy would call for them; the Commissioners humbly conceive it Should be Milford, instead of Minehead', for that Ships of above One hundred Tons Burden cannot lie w'ith Safety in Minehead Harbour; end those Ships are, some of them, Three and Four hundred Tons Burden; and therefore prayed and attended his Lordship’s further Orders, before they would give Directions to the said Ships.

N°. VIII. 11.

They received Advice from their Correspondents at Biddiford, That the Ships would not sail for Portsmouth, unless they were secured, that their Men Should not be pressed; some Owners having heard, that their Ships, lately come from -Oast End into the Dozcnes, were in Danger of being lost, by reason that their Men were pressed out of them; they being, by Charter Party, to have sufficient Convoy and Protection from the Press.

N°. X. April 15th, 92.

The Commissioners for Transportation write to their Correspondents at Biddiford, signifying by Express, by Order of the Lords of the Committee of Council, That their Pleasure was, That Shipping Should be sent -

ford, to bring from thence to Biddiford Tw o hundred and Fifty Horses; and that they Should send aw ay those Ships for the Horse, at the same time; those for the Three thousand Five hundred and Fifty Foot Should be sent aw ay to Cork, that they might sail with the same Convoy: This Matter the Commissioners recommended very earnestly to the Care of their Correspondents, it being of great Consequence to their Majesties Service; and prayed them to dispatch away as well the Horse as Foot Ships by the then Eighteenth instant, as the Commissioners had already desired in some of their last Lettersand required their Correspondents to put into the Horse Ships all Provisions for Horse and Man; informing them also, as before, that the Convoy would be at Milford, to receive both theirs and the Ships: And that they Should put on board the

Foot Ships which were to go to Cork, such Provisions as the Victuallers had made, especially Bread; And that, having formerly said the Transport Ships were to go to Waterford, that Resolution was since altered; and they, as well as the Foot Ships, were-to go to Cork.

N°. XI. Ap 16th.

They received a Letter, by Express, from their Correspondent at Bristoll, shewing, That the Owners of the Three Ships, that were to carry Provisions to Ireland, for the said Three thousand Five hundred and Fifty. would not get their Ships ready; nor could they get Seamen, by reason of the Advices from the Dorcnes, that the Seamen were pressed out of the Transport Ships that had the Transport Commissioners Protections, and lay there like Wrecks.

N°. XII. April ditto.

Six Transport Ships sailed from Biddiford to Milford, to join the Richmond convoy.

-N°. XIII. April if.

The Transport Commissioners wrote to their Correspondent at Bristoll, to send the Three Provision Ships to Milford.

N°. XIV. 20th.

Abstract of an Order from the Earl of Nottingham to the Commissioners for Transportation, to bring the said Three thousand Five hundred and Fifty Men from

Waterford,

Papers respecting t h6 Descent-

Papers respecting the Descent.

716 .28° Novembris. . 1692.

Waterford to Bristoll, or the nearest Port to London in

the Bristoll Chanel, under Convoy of the Richmondand there to remain till further Order.

N°. XV. A21 tli.

The Transport Commissioners, by Letter to their Correspondent at Bristoll, wrote, That it was her Majesty’s Pleasure, That they Should hasten away, with all possible Expedition, the Ships that were to carry to Ireland the Provisions for the Three thousand Five hundred and Fifty Men; with Directions to them to sail to Waterford, ana not Cork, and to return from to Bristoll, or the

nearest Port of London in the Bristoll Channel, that they could first make; and, upon their Arrival at Bristoll, or other Port in the Bristoll Channel, under such Convoy as shall come to Waterford, they were there to land their

Men and Horses, and to remain there till further Order, and take all possible Care not to spend any more of their Provisions than was necessary for their Passage from Ireland to England; and to preserve the rest from Imbezilments, in regard they were designed for some further Service; and that the Richmond, that was intended to be their Convoy, not being then come to Milford, the Correspondents were to prevail upon the Masters of the Transport Ships to sail to Waterford without Convoy, and their Majesties would insure the Ships against the Enemy; to which Purpose they were speedily to be valued (that no Time might be lost) by some Person of Skill and Integrity, being such as their said Correspondent Should chuse for their Majesties Service: And informed their Correspondent, that they had received his of the Eighteenth instant; hoping that he would not want Men for the Provision Ships to be dispatched away; and assuring him, that no Ships would be permitted to go out, whatever some Men might fancy to themselves.

The same to their Correspondent at

Ditto.

The Transport Commissioners wrote to their Correspondent at Milford, to send the Transport Ships to Ireland, under Convoy of the Smirna Merchant and Swift, jf they were then at Milford, but, if they were gone, to prevail upon the Transport Masters to sail to Waterford without Convoy, since the Richmond was not come up, that no Time might be lost.

N®. XVI. April 26th.

An Abstract of a Letter to the Transport Commissioners from their Correspondent at Biddiford-, advising, that Fifteen Sail of Transport Ships more were gone directly to Waterford without Convoy; but, the Wind coming to

S. W. they believed they bore away for Milford, where they hoped they would meet the Smirna Merchant and Swift; several Privateers being lately seen upon the Coast. N°. XVII. Ditto 27.

An Abstract of a Letter from Mr. Fate, the Transport Commissioners Correspondent who advised,

That the Provision Ships were ready to sail, but the Wind was against them; and ordered then! to touch at Milford for Convoy; if none there, they promised to proceed to Waterford without.

N® XVIII. May 2d.

Mr. Fate at Bristoll advised the Commissioners of Transports, That the Seamen on board the Three Provision Ships bound for Ireland had deserted when the Ships Should have sailed.

N®. XIX. May 23.

An Abstract, whereby Mr. Fate advised the Commissioners of Transportation, That Fifty-Two Transport Ships, with Five Regiments of Foot, and between Three and Four hundred Horse, were arrived at Bristoll, from Ireland, under Convoy of the Richmond and Dolphin.

N°. XX, May 26th.

An Abstract, whereby the Transport Commissioners acquainted Mr. Fate, That all the Ships that brought the Horse and Foot from Ireland, were to come round to Portsmouth, with the Artillery Ships that came with them, and the Three Provision Ships, under such Convoy as Should be appointed them.

N®. XXI. June the 1st.

An Abstract, wherein the Commissioners of Transports prayed the Lords of the Admiralty to appoint a Convoy to bring, from Bristoll to Poi-tsmouth, the Ships lately come from Ireland.

N°. XLIV. July 5th.

An Abstract, whereby the Commissioners Correspondent at Biddiford advised, That the Transport Ships were in Milford the Twenty-sixth June, and would not stir without a better Convoy.

Ditto, 9th.

An Abstract of a Letter to the Transport Commissioners, from Captain Atkinson, who went to Portsmouth, to take care of the Transport Ships there; advising, That the Biddiford and the Artillery Ships arrived there from Milford the Day before.

Papers relating to the Transport Ships in the River of Thames:

N°. IX. April the 12th.

An Abstract of an Order from the Lord Nottingham to the Transport Commissioners, That they Should provide Three thousand Seven hundred Tons of Shipping for the Ordnance, and Two thousand Eight hundred Tons for the Victuallers of their Majesties Navy, with all Expedition; which they did as fast as they called for them.

N®. XXII. June 3d.

Abstract of a Letter from the Commissioners of Transportation to the Lord Nottingham; praying him to let them know, when the Ships Should all be ready to sail; And his Lordship answered the same Day; They must be ready to sail immediately; and that the Commissioners must know’ of the Office of Ordnance, and Victuallers of the Navy, when the Stores would be on board.

N". XXIII, XXIV, XXV, and XXVI. June 4th.

An Abstract, whereby the Commissioners of Transport wrote to the Ordnance Officers, and Commissioners for victualing the Navy, to that Purpose: And the former answered. That they could not prefix a Time, till they were furnished with Three Ships more, which they had the same Day: And the Victuallers answered, Their Ships might be laden in a Week’s Time, if Want of Money did not hinder.

N®. XXVIII. Ditto, 11th.

Order from the Lord Nottingham, to the Trensport Commissioners, to cause all the Transport Ships in the River, designed to Portsmouth, to fall down immediately to the Hope: Whereupon the Commissioners sent immediately to the Masters of the Ships, to order them to sail; but they alledged they could not do it for want of Seamen, which were not to be got at any Rate; and for want of their Month’s Freight, which ought to be advanced them by their Contracts, before they sailed; and some refused to sign their Charter Parties, till they had received their Month’s Pay.

The same Day the Commissioners received their Majesty’s Warrant for Five thousand Pounds; which they distributed amongst them; and told them, They must find Seamen at their Peril.

N®. XXXIV. 18th.

An Abstract, whereby the Transport Commissioners acquaint the Lord Nottingham, and the Lords of the Admiralty, That they had dispatched the Ships to the Hope; but the Wind w’as contrary.

N®. XXXV. Ditto, 22th.

Order from the Lord Nottingham to the Commissioners, That Ships for the Lord Gaiko ayes and Colonel Langstons Regiments of Horse be provided to carry them to Williamstadi in Holland; and to return from the Hope to Deptford; and all the others to proceed to Portsmouth, being to sail as soon as the respective Convoys Should be ready.

N®. XXXIX. Ditto, 29th.

Abstract of Captain Nichol/'s Letter, one of the Transport Commissioners, from Shcto the other Commissioners; advising them to let the Lords of the Admiralty know, That no Man of War there, or at the Nore,

was

4 W. & M.

was ordered to take Charge of the Transport Ships and Boats: That, if the Convoys had been ready, they might have got over the Flats that Day, or the nekt; and, with the Northerly Wind that then blew, might have had a quick and smooth Passage to Portsmouth. This Letter was confirmed by several Masters Letters.

N*. XLIII. July ist.

The Commissioners for Transportation laid the said Letters before the Lords of the Admiralty; praying for a Convoy forthwith, for the Transport Ships and Boats to go to Portsmouth.

N° XLV. Di, 10th. The Transport Ships and Boats sailed from the Downes to Portsmouth.

Ditto, 18th.

All the Transport Ships arrived from the Downes at Portsmouth.

Ditto, 22th.

Abstract; That the Foot began to be shipped at Portsmouth, and were all shipped the next Day; but, the Wind being contrary, the Horse would not ship till the Twenty-fifth; and then, all being shipped, the Duke of Leinster embarked that Night, on board the Breda.

Papers given in by the Lords of the Admiralty:

The First Bundle Contains an Account of Orders to the Admiralty, and Flag Officers, and the Proceedings thereupon, from the Fourteenth of April to the Thirtieth of July.

The Second Bundle Consists of several Results of Councils of War of Sea Officers, and the Result of the great Council of Land and Sea Officers, dated the 30th of July 1692; most or all of them mentioned in the Report of Admiral s

Papers.

Admiral Russell's Letters, May ^'jth.

' A Letter from the Admiral to the Earl of Nottingham; giving him an Account of the Burning of Twelve Ships, and his great Concern, that the Admiral of the Blue, and the Dutch, did not pursue their Point, but came back to him; and how did intend to dispose of the Fleet: He concludes, " Now is the time, if you were able, to make the Descent: The People here are under so great a Consternation, that, notwithstanding the late King’s Camp was pitched, and the Union Flag flying, as also the French with a white one; I really believe, that Ten thousand Men might have marched Forty Miles without any great Resistance: I believe we may be freed from arty Attempt they will make on our Country as yet: I do not say this to induce you to be more negligent with your Fleet; but that, for this Summer, you will have Ships enough for the Fleet, and for all the Services the Admiralty seemed to be so much concerned for."

May 27th.

Extract of a Letter from Admiral Russell to the Earl of Nottingham, in these Words.

" I suppose her Majesty will command the Fleet to Sea as soon as it is fitted: It will therefore; in my humble Opinion, be »necessary to consider what they shall do: To cruise, is of no TJse or Service to the Government; at least, I think so: If the Men designed for a Descent can be got ready, now is the Time to push it, while the Iron is hot; and, I am certain, France is in a greater Fright about a Descent than we were here: But, if that cannot be performed, I do not know what to propose to do with your Fleet."

June 13th.

The next Letter relating to this Matter, is that from Spithead, from Admiral Russell to the Earl of Nottingham; giving him an Account of the Intelligence he had of the Vice Admiral of the Blue, and Twenty-five more French Ships at St.MaloesThat several of them had been ill treated by us in the Engagement; but the Vice Admiral, and Six more, did not fight at all: That they were near repaired, and watched an Opportunity to get to Brest: That he would go to St. Hellens and call a Council of War: And, towards the latter End of this Letter, says thus; "Something must be attempted to destroy them: To

7r7

effect which, the Land Army may be of great Use to us; Papers though I suppose the Forces the late King had near Le respecting Hogue will be all drawn to St. Maloes, to protect them: the eiCtnl*' When I consider what Advantage this additional Blow to the Enemy may be to England, I cannot think that thef Possession of Two Provinces in France will be equal to it; and I believe your Lordship will be of my Opinion.

Wherefore it is highly necessary, that the utmost Endeavours Should be used to perform so important a Service."

June 29th.

The Earl of Nottingham writes to the Admiral thus;

" I am to acquaint you, That all the Transport Ships and Forty Shallops, are fallen down the River, and are to be convoyed, by the London Merchant, to the and from thence, by the Bredah, to Portsmouth: And our Troops are so posted, as that they w ill be embarked in few Days, and immediately sail to join you: I believe there will be about Tw elve thousand, besides Dragoons, if there be Shipping enough for them, as there w ill be, if the Ships were come from Milford', and w e hope to have Two Bomb Vessels at Portsmouth, by the Time the Troops be embarked, or else they w ill speedily follow: But, lest there Should be some Want of Shipping, I have sent Orders to Captain Meez to coine with his Squadron to Spit-head; and those may carry some Foot, as well as convoy the Transport Ships with more Security, to, the Fleet:

But, if these Orders Should not meet Captain Meez, or that he be with you, it is not intended that those individual Ships Should come to Spithead; but you may send such as you can best spare, and will be most proper for convoying those Transports, and carrying some Men, if there be Occasion; for which last, some of your Tenders would perhaps be best; and, of these, send as many as you can spare; and all with as much Expedition as is possible."

July 4th.

A Postscript from the Admiral to the Earl of Nottingham, as follows; viz.

"Just now I received your Letter of the Twenty-ninth of June: I cannot now answer every Particular; but this I may, without much Consideration: If the Number you design to land, do not exceed Twelve thousand Men, as you write, it will be of no Use at SMaloes; that Place (of Men belonging to the Land and Sea) affording double that Number fit to bear Arms: If these be all you can have, to make the Descent, I think the best Use you can make of them is to land at Le Hogue, and take away the Cannon, Captain Meez writes me Word, they have got up from the Ships there destroyed: For, doubtless, this Number will signify little against any Part of France, where any Strength is lodged."

4 th July.

Result of a Council of War off of Guernsey.

" Upon the Information of Captain Robinson, Commander of their Majesties Ship the Monmouth, Captain Andrew Cotton of the Northumberland, and Captain Martin of the Berwick, who have been at St. Maloes; and say, That it is not safe for the Fleet to ride before that Place, by reason of the Foulness of the Ground in several Places, and the great Strength of the Tides;"

M It was considered, Whether the whole Fleet Should go off of St. Maloes, according to the late Resolution taken upon the Opinions of the Jerzey and Guernsey Pilots in the Fleet.

" Resolved, That, for the Reasons aforesaid, it is not fit the Fleet Should run the Hazard of anchoring before that Port."

" It was then considered, Whether it will be necessary to send a Number of Ships thither, to get the best Acv count there may be of the Place; and whether there be sufficient Ground for the whole Fleet to ride in safety, in case any thing Should be afterwards attempted against that Port: And"

" Resolved, That Twenty-five Sail be detached from the Fleet, on the said Service: And that the Remainder of the Fleet do lie Seven or Eight Leagues South from the Start (which is to be the Place of Rendezvous): And that,

8 T in

28° Novemb;

*718 2$* Novembris.A.

Papers in order thereto, we sail from this Place so soon as Wind

respecting and Weather will permit."

the Decent. £, Russell,

J. Ashby, . Scheij,

R. Delavall, C.

G. Rooke, Evertsen,

C. Shovell, J. Mtdjs,

D. Mitchell.

4

The Earl of Nottingham writes to the Admiral thus;

" I have received Yours, of the Thirtieth of and have read it to the Queen: And, though I have several Ways acquainted you with our Preparations for sending Land Forces to the Fleet, to concur in the Attempt upon St. Maloes, and the Ships there; and, if nothing could be done there by the Fleet alone, that however you Should endeavour, if possible, to prevent the French from getting away to Brest; her Majesty thinks it necessary, that I Should write to you again upon this Subject.: For, since our Transport Ships are sailed towards and our

Troops ordered immediately to be embarked there, and at Southampton, and that Captain Meez, with his Squadron, is at Spithead, there will not be many Days before they sail to join you; and therefore her Majesty would have all Means used, that will consist with the Safety of the Fleet, to hinder the French from escaping out of St. Maloes: It is not fit to prescribe to you the Method of performing this important Service; I can only tell you, that the Letters from France say, they are in great Pain for their Ships at St. Maloes: That was sent thither,

to'try if it were possible to get them away: That Captain Meez Squadron much alarmed them, and broke their Design; so that, if the Fleet cannot attack the Ships there, without Land Forces, nor lie in such a Station as may intercept them, if they attempt to go to , it is probable a Squadron of Ships may hinder that Attempt; though the Fleet Should be forced, by ill Weather, r to go off their Coast: And this is the more likely, because they will scarce venture out to Sea, before they have sent some Scouts to discover where our Fleet is; and this they cannot do if we have Ships lie there: I know the vast Importance of preserving our Fleet; and, as I am no Seaman, so I am far from pretending to advise; what I write therefore is submitted to your Judgment; and you are to make no other Conclusion from it, but that the Queen is resolved to have the Destruction of the Malo

Ships attempted, if it be possible; and therefore does earnestly recommend it to your Care, that the Opportunity be not lost, by their getting away, before our Troops come to you."

" I believe it will be necessary, that you send, with all Expedition, some Vessel to with Notice where

the Transport Ships shall come and join you, as also the Victualing Ships, which lie ready at Portsmouth, to sail to the Fleet, as the Commissioners of the Admiralty tell me'; though, if we do not hear from you, they will, I believe, be all ordered toward St. Malo s."

Off the Berry, July the 8th.

A Letter from Admiral Russetl to the Earl of Nottingham, in these Words; viz.

" Your Lordship’s Letter, of the Fourth, came to my Hand last Night, by a Messenger, just as I came to an Anchor: I can say no more relating to St. Maloes, than what I have already troubled you with, till Vice Admiral Rooke's Return: Then you shall, by Express, receive the Report he makes to me of that Place, but chiefly the Ground, if that be good and holding for Anchoring, which is of much Consequence: The Ground of Guernsey is so loose, that Anchors will not hold in a very ordinary Gale of Wind. Vice Admiral Callenburgh is gone with Rook, to command the Detachment of the;

which I am very glad of, he being a very skilful soberheaded Man. Since, as your Lordship says, the French seem to be under great Pain and Uneasiness about the Safety of those Ships, it looks to me as if they thought the Place not so difficult to be attempted, as we are informed; Rut to us, wIjo are not acquainted there, the Report of 22

the Rapidness of the Tide, and its setting from one Rock to another (of which there is abundance), makes it appear something hazardous to go in with our Ships: But what I say, is only by Hearsay; and possibly the Place may be more facile than I imagine. Tire destroying that Place and Ships, would be of great Consequence to England. Your Lordship is pleased to tell me, her Majesty lays a great Stress on their not getting to Brest before the Land Forces are ready: I hope I have not been wanting hitherto, in’ preventing it; though with no small Hazard to the Fleet; and I believe, if any Body will give themselves the Trouble to inquire into that Matter, it will be found, that no Care or Industry has been wanting: Pray pardon me, if I tell you, that Things are with greater Ease proposed on Shore, than they can be executed at Sea: I say this, my Lord, observing in your Letter, that the Queen, resolving ’ to have the Destruction of the St. Ships attempted,

does therefore recommend it to me, that an Opportunity, by their getting away, be not lost; by which I judge, that, Should such a Thing happen, the Blame will fall on me; but, unless somebody will favour me with a certain Way to prevent it, this Service seems a little hard upon me;

I know but of one Way to prevent their going to Brest (if that be the only Port in France they must go to, the Fleet lying in Comoret Bay); which, if her Majesty commands, shall be forthwith put in Execution. It is now the Eighth Day of July; and your Transport Ships from the River are not yet arrived at Portsmouth; and during the Winds hanging Westwardly, they cannot come:

With these Winds the French cannot stir, but I must be constantly in with their Shore, in Expectation of a S. or

S. E. Wind, which will bring them out, and carry them away; wuth which Wind, if I am not near that Shore, I cannot reach them: All these Things ought to be considered, before an Impression be made in the People’s Minds, that this Service is easy, and will admit of no Difficulty in performing: But Reproaches upon me is not a new Business."

Torbay, July loth.

A Letter from the Admiral to the Earl of Nottingham, in these Words; viz.

" My Lord,"

" After I had sent my Letter of the Eighth to your Lordship, the Weather being then fair, I went to Sea; but, not many Hours after, by a hard Gale of wind at W. N. W.

I was forced to return hither; where I received a Duplicate of your Letter, dated the Seventh (the Original being not yet come to my Hands): By your Lordship’s recommending to me, in every Letter, my using all possible Care to prevent the Ships at St.Malo's getting from thence, I am confirmed in what I wrote to you in my before-mentioned Letter, that I am thought slack in my Endeavours of that Kind: I don’t want that Addition of Trouble to perplex my Thoughts, having enough, or more than I am well able to dispense with: I have constantly thought it my Duty to state all Matters that come under my Cognisance, fairly, as they appear to me: Very possibly, by so doing, I may be mistaken in the prudent Part; but, I am sure it is what becomes an honest Man; which I will endeavour to pursue, let the Event be what it will: I told your Lordship Matter of Fact, That, if the Ground at St.Maloes is not good, the Fleet cannot lie there, without apparent Danger. That I may be certain of tills Matter, you already know of my sending Ships to bring me Word what Ground there is; which I heartily wish back, < the Weather, since they went, having been troublesome:

I also told you, That there is no Place where the Fleet can. cruise with Safety, to prevent their getting to Brest, but Accidents of Weather will give them an Opportunity to get in If any mortal Man can give reasonable Objections to this, I will for ever own myself the most ignorant Animal breathing. I do suppose, by your Lordship’s saying the People’s Expectations are raised about this Business,. it is said how easy it is to destroy the Ships at Malo's:

If there be such Men, who have told your Lordship so, it would be a particular Service to the Nation, and not only a Favour to me, byt I believe to the whole Fleet, if

these

4w.e? M.

8° Novembris.

m

these knowing Men were sent down to advise, us, and see the Execution: I will not say, that I dare venture to do what any Man on Shore will advise; but I promise, upon my Honour, no Man, who will come and bear a Part in what he advises, shall go further towards the Execution of it, than myself. Your Lordship’s kind Advice tome, not to leave it in the Power of any-body to object against me, that I have omitted any thing that Olay hinder the Enemy’s Ships getting away, compels me to write this; knowing I hitherto have, and shall continue to do my utmost Endeavours in performing my Duty, while I have the Honour to serve: But I must submit to whatever censorious People will throw upon me. Give me Leave to observe one Passage in your Lordship’s Letter; That, when the Army joins us, a Resolution will be taken what to do, as a Council of War, of Land and Sea Officers, will advise. I don’t know how able the rest of the Flag Officers...; but, for myself, I can only deliver my Judgment, where the Fleet can go, in order to protect their Landing; and, in my humble Opinion, That Should be resolved, before the Men and Horses embark: If they must keep the Sea, till the Place Where be determined, Weather may put them under so many Hardships, that they will be of little Service on Shore. You will please to consider the Season of the Year is so far advanced, that Six Weeks will near conclude what we call Summer, of which I have not as yet had one Day since I came out."

" I heartily wish, for the Nation’s sake, the Town and Ships at St. Malo'smay be destroyed, without the least

Regard to what Advantage may accrue to me by it, having less in my Head of that Matter, than it is possible for you to imagine: Probably the Difficulty will not be greater than what is suggested to your Lordship; but I believe I may affirm, that Half the Number of Men, a Month since, would have performed what can be expected from Double their Numbers now; for, as your Lordship says, their Fear is great, so, I believe, their industry has not been less to secure both, as much as it is possible for the Place to admit of."

Torbay, the 13th July.

A Letter from the Admiral to the Earl of Nottingham;

" My Lon!,"

" Vice Admiral Rook, with the Squadron of English, as also Vice Admiral Callenburgh, with the Dutch, which were sent before St. Maids, are this Morning returned:

The Reports of each Flag, with the Officer’s Opinions of the Place, I herewith send your Lordship. This was, in my Opinion, the only Way to be thoroughly informed of the Place; I mean, the Goodness of the Road before St. Maloes: He put a small Vessel on Shore, which he afterwards got off: He tells me, that, to protect her, there came down, from a sort of a Camp, to his Judgment, about Four or Five thousand Men: He also tells me, Concall is the most proper Place to land at, being to the Eastward of the Town: If any Landing be made to the Westward, they must pass Denant River, to come in the same Side with the Town: He saw about Thirty-four or Thirty six Sail, that seemed ready to depart, including the Privateers; which, by former Advice, were Fourteen; which Ships I imagine, they design to keep as Scouts when their Ships sail, which I suppose may be with the first steady South, or South-east Wind: I shall sail as soon as the Weather will permit, and lie in such a Station, as I may do the best Service I can, as a Council of War shall advise."

At a Council of War held on board their Majesties Ship the Bertoick, near Cape Farrell. PRESENT.

George Rook, Esquire, Vice Admiral of the Blue, The Right honourable the Earl of Danby,

Captain Munden, Captain Lestock,

Captain Faireboi'ne, Captain Deane,

Captain Martin, Captain Grantham,

Captain Coall, Captain Goumey,

Captain Hoskins, Captain

Captain Cotton, Captain Clark,

Captain Robinson, Captain Symondsy

Vol. X.

" Upon the following Questions; viz. Papers

" First, Whether it be reasonable to bring the whole respecting Fleet before St.Maloes." the Descen^' " Secondly, Whether it be morally possible to destroy the French Ships of War at St. Maloes, with that Part of the Fleet that is here."

" Thirdly, Whether it may be reasonable to be attempted by any naval Force only."

" Fourthly, Whether a Squadron of Ships may not be! ventured to ride near St. Maloes, to cover the Transportation Ships, in case there be a Descent intended thereabouts."

" It is answered;"

" First, From what we have' discovered of the Nature of the Ground, which we find generally to be very rough, and, in some Places foul; and that the Fleet has nothing to secure them from the Weather, but their Ground Tackle; we Should think it exposed to infinite Hazard, in Riding the re."

" Secondly, We do not think it possible to destroy the Ships of War at St. Maloes with the Ships here; because no Pilot will take Charge to carry in act, Ship of War, or Fireships, in regard the Marks for going in may be removed; or, if they let them stand, the Smoke of the Guns will hide them; and the Passage in is so very difficult, by the Multitude of Rocks, that, by the least Mistake of the Marks, the Ships will be, iti Probability, lost, before they can come to do Service."

" Thirdly, For the abovesaid Reasons, the whole Fleet is not better capable of destroying the French Ships, than this Squadron; it not being morally possible for any Ships to go into St.Maloes without Pilots, in case they have no

other Impediment but the Danger of the Rocks."

" Fourthly, We do think a Squadron of Ships in the Summer Season, may be ventured to lie before St. Maloes, to cover the Slaps of Transportation, in case there be a Descent designed near the Place; provided the whole Fleet be posted So, as to secure them from any Attempt of the Enemy from the Westward."

" Other Observations on the Coast " The Ground is flat and even from Guernsey to Cape Farrell, shoaling a Fathom or Two every Two or Three Miles: All the Way over the Cape, the Ground is generally very rough, and, in some Places, rocky, especially near St. Cyrnbre."

" The Tides run quick in the Offing, on the Coast of St. Maloes; but, to the Eastward of Cape Farrell,

within Three or Four Miles of the Shore, not above Two and Half or Three Knots at Spring Tides: There are some sandy Bays between Cape Fai'rell and Maloes, but not very commodious for landing Men, because the Land rises, in most Places, quick from the Strand:

Besides, they must pass the River Denant, before they can come to St.Maloes."

" There are about Five or Six-and-thirty Sail of Ships rigged; of which Twrelve lay in the Race, and, of them, Four or Five great Ships; the rest are up at Sallidore

" Not one of the Pilots would undertake to carry in any Ship of War, or Fireships, to make an Attempt on the Enemy’s Ships at St. Maloes, though I offered them One hundred Pounds Encouragement to each Man."

July 13th, 1692. G. Rook.

A July 16^2.

" The Report of Vice Admiral Callenburgh, touching^ the Port of St. Maloes, and the Ships of the Enemy’s there, upon his being' sent in Company with Vice Admiral Rook, to see what might be done with the Fleet against the said Place and Ships; viz.

" That it was impossible to destroy the.Eriemy’s Ships in that Port with small Frigates, Fireships, 8$c.

" That, considering the Badness of the Ground near that

Place, the Strength of the Current, the great Seas which, will be caused by Northwardly and Westwardly Winds* and that the Fleet must anchor in the open Sea, and thereby be exposed to great Danger by bad Weather, without any manner of Shelter from it; it is not (as to points

of

720 2 8° Novembris.A. 1692.

Papers

respecting the Descent*

of Seamanship) thought safe to venture the Fleet on the aforesaid Coast."

Signed by the several Commanders, as also the Pilots of Jerzey and Guernsey under-mentioned

Gerrard Callenbu

Lewis Count de Nassauy

A. Manart,

P. V. Dussen

Hend de Veer,

Pilots.

Gen. de la Patina, B. Schriver,

Jacob de Gough, Burrent Ross,

A. V. Litti,

Peter Merrett, Jacque Bennan, Amna. d'An

Adraen Dunneas, Gean Lemais

Gwillame Erronard,

Nicolas Breton, Thomas Dinton, Raiding Bault, John Bala Dan Breeman, John Ryder.

2 2 July 1692.

Extract of a Letter from Admiral Russell to the Earl of Nottingham', viz.

" You were pleased to command my Opinion, Where the Place Should be for the Transport Ships to join the Fleet: Really, I am not able to tell you; I think, not in the Sea: Esther they Should come to the Fleet, or the Fleet to them, lest Accident Should hinder our Joining; doubtless, the less time they are kept on board, the better for the Men and Horse," fyc.

An Order from her Majesty to the Admiral; as follows; viz.

14 July 1692.

WHEREAS We have ordered a considerable Number of Our Land Forces to be embarked, and to join Our Fleet, and to make some Attempt on Our Enemy, for the Destroying of their Maritime Towns, Ships of War, and Magazine: We do hereby authorize you to act with Our Fleet, in Concurrence with Our Troops, in the Execution of all or any of those Designs, which We have recommended in Our Instructions to Our Right Trusty and Right entirely Beloved Cousin Duke of

Leinster, Lieutenant General of Our Land Forces, as shall be judged fit and proper by a Council of War of the Flag and General Officers: And, in the First place, We do require you to consider and execute what may possibly be effected at St. Maloes, for the Taking or Burning of that Place, and the French Ships in that Harbour, and in the River of Dinant, or either of th/sm: And you are then to pursue such other Measures, for the annoying of Our Enemy in such Method, as shall be judged feasible at the Council of War, without expecting any further Orders from Us: And, for so doing, This shall be your Warrant.

By Her Majesty’s Command,

NOTTINGHAM.

25th July 169a.

Extract of a Letter from Admiral Russel to the Earl of Nottingham;

44 This Morning I called the Flag Officers together; and laid before them the Queen's Orders, and so much of your Lordship’s Letter as concerned the Descent: And, that no Time may be lost for our speedy joining the Transport Ships, they came to the Resolution I herein inclose you."

" I have sent an Express to the Duke of Leinster, to let him know of our coming to him, if the Wind continues Westwardly; and, if Eastwardly, we shall be in Torbay, expecting their Arrival," <$'C.

" I could say a great deal as to the Manner of these Proceedings, not only as to the Delay of your Descent, but ordering an Army to cruise for a Fleet; and, when joined, to be resolved what shall be done with them: But neither will my Time admit of it, nor possibly, will my Thoughts be so acceptable, as after a Resolution is taken;, and I will then tell you, as becomes a Man that professes great Honesty to his Country."

17th July 1692.

An Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Nottingham to the Admiral, mentioned in the Result of the Council of War following.

" By the Distribution of the Army of Le Hogue, it seems to me, that the French cannot have any considerable Number of formed Troops about St. Malo; and that the Four thousand, or Five thousand which Vice Admiral Rook saw upon the Coast, must consist cfiiefly of the Militia."

4t I reckon we shall have about Fourteen thousand Men; and, I presume, you may spare Three or Four thousand Men from the Fleet, if need be: This, I believe, will be a better Army than the French can bring to oppose us; especially if the French have no considerable Body of Horse; or that the Country be such, that our Troops can secure themselves against Horse, which the Duke, I believe, will chiefly apprehend."

" I do not think we can make a formal Siege to take the Town; but the Use, as I apprehend, of these Troops, will be, to bombard the Town on Shore, while the Bomb-vessels do the like at Sea; or, if the last can do it alone, the Troops may land, while they are under that Consternation, and possess the Batteries, which are upon the River to hinder our Ships and Fireships from attacking their Men of War there: And, since Vice Admiral Rook thinks, that a Squadron of Men of War may lie before the Town, these, and our Boats, will prevent any Attempt of the Enemy upon our Bomb-vessels; and then, considering the Buildings at St. Malo are chiefly of Wood, very high and close, it seems not very difficult to bum that Town; and consequently that there is nothing to oppose our Ships going up the River to destroy the French,' but their new Batteries upon the Shore, which will hardly be defended against our Ships, and our Troops."

" The next Thing to be thought of, is Brest: If their Men of War be laid up, nothing can be done without taking the Town: And this seems too great a Work for our Troops; for the Men of their Ships, and., their other Forces, will be superior to us: But if it be true, as the last Letters from Paris say, that the Orders for laying up their Ships are countermanded, the Attempt to destroy them in Harbour, without the Town, seems not difficult, if either our Ships can pass by their Forts and Batteries at the Entrance, or that the Troops can take them."

" However the Posture of the Enemy may be at Brest, if we can destroy the Ships at St. Malo, there is a very fair Prospect of ruining their Ships upon the Stocks and Magazines at Rochford and Port Lewis: I do not mean the great Ships Should go so far: But, if the Third Rates, and under, English and Dutch, will be stronger than the Ships at Brest; in case nothing be feasible at Brest, I suppose we may proceed with these, and our Troops, to Rochford, even after the End of August, which time you propose for the Bringing in of our great Ships." ,

" And, after all, what you mentioned about taking Le Hogue, and the Guns which they have fished up (which I hear, are about Seven hundred of Iron, those of Brass being melted), I suppose may be attempted at any time, being within our Chanel, before the French can spare De-, tachrnents from Flanders; and thereof this seems to me to be the last Thing to be tried."

Result of a Council of War.;

25th July 1692. "> ' - . ' Upon reading Two Letters from the Right honourable the Earl of Nottingham, their Majesties Principal Secretary of State, dated the Seventeenth and Eighteenth of this Month; by which it appears, that their Majesties Troops'are embarked at Portsmouth, and no Resolutions will be taken for the Dispatch of them, till the Flag Officers of the Fleet, and the General Officers of the Array, have consulted each other therein; it w’as considered how the Fleet may best and soonest join the Transport Ships; in order to come to some Resolutions how her Majesty’s Orders may be most effectually put in Execution " Resolved, That a Squadron of Ships, from Fifty Guns upwards, be sent to lie about Fifteen or Twenty Leagues

North

38* Novemb

North from the Isle of Bass, to prevent the Enemy’s Ships going from St. Maloes: And that the Remainder of the Fleet do’ forthwith sail to to join the

aforesaid Transport Ships."

' " It'Was also agreed, That, if the Wind be Westw&rdlyv the Fleet Should sail to Spithead, to join the aforesaid Transport Ships; but, if it be Eastwardly, the Fleet Should continue in Torbay, and expect them."

E. Russell, P. Van

J. Ashby, Callenburgh,

R. Delazoall, G.

G. Rook, C. Vanderputten,

C. ShovelI, P. Goes,

D. Mitchell, J. Evertson.

28th July 1692.

On board the Bredah, off of Portland:

Result of a Council of War:

We being informed, That the Transport Ships, with the Land Forces, are come to the Fleet, in order to try what may be attempted against the Enemy, either at St. Maloes, Brest, or Rochford; it is our Opinions, That something might be attempted with Probability of Success, was not the Season of the Year so far spent, as not tb admit of the Fleet’s going with Safety, to see whether or no any thing may be done at those Places.

E. Russell, G. Callenburgh,

R. Delaxvall, G. Scheij,

G. Rook, C. Vanderputten,

C. Shovell, P. Vander Goes,

D. Mitchell, J. Evertson,

P. Van Alimond, J.

2 90 Julii 1692.

The Admiral’s Letter to the Earl of Nottingham;

" My Lord,"

‘ " In my Letter of the Twenty-fifth, I promised your Lordship, That, after the Resolution was taken by a Council of War, I would write you my Thoughts on the intended Descent: Which I now do, without the least Reserve; hoping your Lordship will receive it, as I mean it, with a sincere Heart."

il If my Memory does not fail me (as, in this, I think it does not), in the Winter, when it was concluded, that - Preparations Should be made for' a Descent, it was resolved, that all Should be ready in May, at farthest: I am not going to inquire into the Cause of the Delay, nor the Reasons why these Resolutions were altered."

" When I sailed in June, I received Advice, That some of the Enemy’s Ships were at St. Maloes: I then sent you word, that, probably the Land Forces would be of Use; and that something ought to be hazarded: This was my single Opinion: But, after talking with the Pilots, they all agreed That Place was very difficult to be attempted, if possible; but that there was good Ground for Anchoring: Upon which a Council of War was called; and it was resolved to go before St. Maloes: When we came off Guernsey, the Weather being foggy, the Pilots would not venture, with that Wind, and dark Weather, to carry us over: Upon which we anchored, and found the Ground there rough and loose: The Pilots having told me the Ground before Maloe was the same; and several of the English Captains, who had f Used that Trade, acquainting me with the Hazard the Fleet would run in going thither, from the Badness of the Road; I thought it necessary to call a Council of War: Where the several Captains acquainted the Flag Officers with what they had before told me: Upon which it was thought more for the Service, that a Squadron Should go before that Place, and report their Opinions of the Ground, whether it was feasible to make any Attempt on the Place; and whether the Fleet, or Squadron, could anchor there: Vice Admiral Rook and Vice Admiral Callenburgh's Opinion thereon, I sent your Lordship: And some of the Reasons (as I remember) they gave, why nothing could be done against the Enemy there, was, the Rapidness of the Tides, the Ground not Vo 1.. X.

73.1

to be depended on; several Rocks, at Half Tide, being Papers re under Water; and the Pilots, who were offered One hun- peering th dred Pounds each Man, refusing to carry any Ship in, Descen,; lest the Enemy Should remove the Marks on Shore; and, by the Firing, they Should not be able to avoid the several Dangers going in: I confess, this last seemed to me so reasonable; and not meeting with any Man that could give any contradictory Reasons (besides, the Difficulty must be greater at this time, the Enemy having had near Two Months to make all possible Preparations that might make the Attempt not successful; that being the Time this Matter has been discoursed of), I concluded, when I heard her Majesty continued in the Resolution of having the Ships there attacked by the Land. Forces, that you had received some Account of the Place, which made the Attempt more feasible than it appeared to us: But, they being now joined us, I find that they are not in any kind informed of the Place, nor of any Resolution taken on Shore, what they are to do."

" I must confess, this is the first time I ever read or heard of an Army’s being embarked, and sent to Sea to join a Fleet, there to be considered whether they can or cannot be useful: I have used my Endeavours to meet them; and Providence has done a great deal by the Goodness of the Weather; for, had they come on the Station appointed, with a Wind Eastw'ardly, or a Fog, it might have prevented our Joining; and, if the Wind had blown hard Eastwardly, the Officers iould not have come on board to consult, and the Transport Ships might have been driven out of the Chanel: What would then have become of them, God knows."

" We are ordered to consider of what can be done at Brest on the Ships there: I will not say but, Six Weeks agone, we might have gone thither, if only to have looked about us, to see if any thing had been feasible; but, sure, my Lord, there must be a Difference made between June and August: Should the Winds prove Westwardly (as, for the most part, in this Time of the Year they do, and we in Brest Water ox Comeret Bay, it is impossible to get out: This is not an improbable Thought; since I have known, that, several times, the Wind has continued in that Quarter of the Compass, without any considerable Alteration; and, had this happened to us, the Men in the Fleet, and the Soldiers must have starved."

" As to Rochfort, when the Lords of the Committee, were at Portsmouth in May, this Design w'as discoursed of; and we were told, the Transports would be ready in Twenty Days: Then the Flag Officers made no Objection to the Whole, or any Part, of the Fleet’s going thither; but some of the Lords seemed to be of Opinion, it was too hazardous, lest the Enemy Should make some Attempt on England, whilst the Fleet was so remote:

But what was not adviseable in May or is believed practicable in August: Was it considered where Rochfort lies, how far in the Bay, what Distance from England, that there must be more than one Wind for returning back, the Hazards of the Wind and Sea in returning

These Things, I fear, were not well considered of, before the Order was sent."

" Then, as to Le Ilogue, which we were to attempt at our Return, I will say nothing more than that in my Opinion, with Submission to better Judgments, burning a Town in France is of no more Consequence to them, than an accidental Fire at Knightsbr is to us: It is an unspeakable Trouble to me, to see we thus expose our Country; since all Christendom is expecting a great Account from so great and long a Preparation."

" But thus it stands; and, the Wind being now Southerly, we are sailing to Le Hogue: I suppose your Lordship has' received my Letter, by Express, bearing Date 250, from Torbay; in which I sent you the Result of the Council of War: In pursuance of That, the Admiral of the Blue sailed the next Day; the Ships under Captain Nevill were ordered to come to St. Hetiens; which are not yet arrived: I shall leave Orders for their coming to Le Hogue Bay; but, what Orders to send to Sir John Ashby, I know not; nor in what Manner her Majesty

8 U will

722 a8° Novembris. , .//. 1692.

Paper# re- will please to have that Squadron disposed of:. I beg specting the yQur Lordship to send to Dartmouthhe having Direc-Descent. tiens, as you will see by the Copy of the Order to him, which I lately sent you, to send frequently to Dartmouth, for Orders: It is not, in my Opinion, convenient he Should continue in that Station very long, especially since the rest of the Fleet is so remote from them: I am under all imaginable Confusion; the Fleet in Three Bodies, the Transport Ships under no Method: here is Forty well Boats, and not one Man ordered to take care of them: In Short every thing is in that Disorder, that, for my own Part, though I labour hourly to put Things into the best Order I can, it is hardly possible to perform it: I pity the Duke of Leinster and Lord; and lament

my own Misfortune, that, from me, some Service is expected, when it is morally impossible that all the Assistance I can give will signify any thing: These are Hardships too great for any Man to serve under: Give me Leave to observe, that, in all Actions, if you will follow the Advice of the Officers who are to bear a Share therein, it ought to be known, before the Design be so far advanced as this is; or else Commands positively Should be given to the Commanding Officer, to execute according to the Orders sent him; as in this Case, our Opinions being asked, we give it according to that Prudence God Almighty has blessed us with: If you were convinced, that either St. Maloes, Brest, or Rochfort, were attackable, Orders might have been given to go thither, and execute those Commands: Then we Should have had nothing to consider, but the well Performance of those Orders; which, I assure you, Should not have met with the least Stop or Hesitation, §c."

26 1692.

Copy of her Majesty’s Order to the Admiral:

Maria R.

WHEREAS We have an Account from Captain Wilkins, Commander of the Germoone Prize, That a Squadron of French Ships of War were seen by him off of Ushant, as you will see more particularly by a Copy of his Letter, which We have directed to be sent to you: We do apprehend these Ships came from St. Malo, and are gone for Brest', so that it will be too late to endeavour the burning and destroying the French Ships at St. Malo: And therefore We do hereby require you, notwithstanding Our former Orders of the Fourteenth instant, to consider what is proper to be attempted upon Brest, orfor the Distribution of the Ships in that Bay or Harbour: And according to such Resolution as shall be taken at the Council of War of Sea and Land Officers, you are to proceed with Our Fleet and Forces; and you are to send a Frigate to the Coast of St. Malo, to bring you an Account of the Truth of what is reported by the said Captain Wilkins, and of the Posture of the Enemy there: But you are not to stay for the Return of this Frigate, before you put in Execution the Resolution of the Council of War relating to Brest: And, in case of Success at Brest, or that nothing can be attempted or effected there, you are to consider, at a Council of War, which of those other Enterprizes, which We have recommended to you, and to the Duke of Leinster, may be fit to be next pursued: And before you do return with the Fleet, We do particularly recommend to you the Burning of St. Malo, although there Should be no Ships of War of the French King’s in that Port: You are from time to time, as often as you can, to give Us an Account of your Proceedings: And, for so doing, this shall be your Warrant.

Signed, by her Majesty’s Command,

To Our Right Trusty and W ell-beloved Counsellor Edward Russell, Esquire, Admiral of Our Fleet.

30th July 1692,

Off the Highland of St. Albans; from the Admiral to the Earl of Nottingham " My Lord,"

" Not knowing whether the Duke of Leinster sends you the Result of this Day’s Council of War, occasioned by her Majesty’s Order, that came to me about Four a Clock this Morning, I here inclose it:"

" At a Council of War, held on board their Majesties Ship the Bredah, this 30th of July 1692, off of the Highland of St. Albans."

PRESENT,

His Grace the Duke of Leinster, General of all their Majesties Land Forces:

The Right Honourable Edward Russell, Esquire, Admiral of their Majesties Fleet:

The Honourable Phillipp Alimond, Lieutenant Admiral of Holland, and Admiral of the Fleet of the States General:

Flag Officers.

English. Dutch.

Sir Ralph Delavall, Vice Vice Admiral Callenburgh, Admiral of the Red. Vice Admiral Scheij,

Geo. Rook, Esquire, Vice Rear Admiral,

Admiral of the Blue, Rear Admiral Sir Cloudsly Shovcll, Rear Rear Admiral Muijs.

Admiral of the Red,

David Mitchell, Esquire.

General and Field Officers.

Earl of Galloway, Count de Beveridge,

Sir Hen. Bellasis, Earl of

Monsieur La Molineir, Monsieur Du Camber,

Sir David Collier, Colonel Se/vin.

The Order of her Majesty, bearing Date the Twenty-sixth instant, as also an Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Nottingham, being laid before a Council of War of the General Officers both at Land and Sea; they do not see any Reason to differ from their former Opinions, taken the Twenty-eighth Irtstant, relating to Brest and St. Malo: But because, in the aforesaid Order of her Majesty, the Destruction of St. Malo is so particularly recommended to the Council of War; notwithstanding, by the Advice she hath received, it is believed the Ships of War are escaped from that Port; it is resolv ed, the Fleet and Transport Ships shall sail to St. Helens, as the most proper Place, to be kept intire, to put in Execution any Commands her Majesty shall please to give, for their further Proceedings; which, if contrary to the Opinions of the Council of War, we desire may be positive. Papers delivered in to the Committee, by the Duke of Leinster:

14 July,

Instructions to the Duke of Leinster, to embark his Troops on board the Transport Ships at Portsmouth; and to proceed, with all Expedition, to join the Fleet; and then to consider, What may be attempted to annoy the Enemy.

Ditto 31.

Order to the Duke of Leinster to join with the Squadron of Ships appointed for the burning Malo, and the Ships there.

August 5th,

Order to him to return back to the Downes:

Papers from the Office of Ordnance, relating to the

Descent:

By which it appears, they began to ship their Stores and Train of Artillery on board the Transport Ships the Twenty-fourth of April-, and had shipped all by the Eleventh of June.

Remarks upon the Transports: That the Transport Ships, designed to bring over the Forces from Ireland, were in Readiness to sail by the latter End of March.

April the 4th, The Commissioners of Transports write to the Lords of the Admiralty for a Convoy.

7th, The Earl of Nottingham sends them word, The Admiralty had ordered them the Richmond.

22 20th,

Loans on Poll Tax.

Members

summoned.

Tryals for Treason.

Aulnage

Duty.

Committees.

Clandestine

Mortgages.

Apprehending Highwaymen. ' ,

4 W. & M. 28* — 29* Novembris.

723

20th, The Commissioners are to bring the Three thousand Five hundred and Fifty Men from Waterford, to BrisioU, or the nearest Port to London in that Channel.

31th, They went over without any Convoy at all, and were to be insured by their Majesties.

May 23, They arrived at Bristoll, from and

arrived not at Portsmouth till the Eighth of July.

Remarks upon Admiral Papers:

25th, In his Letter to the Earl of Nottingham, he tells him, " Now is the Time for a Descent."

27th, He repeats the same again; and, in both, gives his Reasons for it, from the great Apprehensions the French at that time were under: But, the Matter being delayed till the latter End of July, he then gives his Opinion, That he thinks it ik too late.

July the 8 th, The Council of War on board the Bredah deliver their Opinions, That it was. not possible at that time to destroy the Ships at St. Maloe's, with the Fleet

14th, That Opinion is confirmed by another Council of War; notwithstanding which, the Duke of Leinster is directed, by an Order of the One-and-thirtieth, to proceed and assist in that Attempt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House who are to consider of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby his Majesty desires the Advice of this House.

Mr. Guy, from the Lords of the Treasury, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of what had been raised and borrowed upon the Poll Bill; and also a State of the Revenue, and what Lands, Debts, and Pensions, are charged thereon: The which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go into Westminster Hall, and the several Courts there, and Court of Requests; and summon the Members to attend the Service of the House.

And the Serjeant went, with the Mace, accordingly: And being returned;

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Regulating of Tryals, in the Cases of High Treason.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the said Committee, they had gone through the Bill, and . made several Amendments: Which they hati directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Wm.Drake, Sir John Jennings, be

added to the Committee to whom the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Customhouse, and for giving a Recompence to the Crown, for the same, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 29* die Novembris;

4° Willielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

ABIL L to prevent Frauds by clandestine Mortgages, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to encourage the apprehending Highwaymen, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. X.

Then the Accompts, presented to the House Yesterday L0an, OB from the Lords of the Treasury, were read; and arc as Poll Tax. followeth; viz.

25th Nov. 1692.

Loans on the Borrowing Clauses in the Poll Act:

Lenders Names. - - Principal

Jb. s. d.

William Durant.

Thomas Willson.

Robert Fowle -

Elme Griffith

Rich. Pagett -

Peter Ducane -

Leonard Robinson -

Sir Tho. Stamp - -

Sir Franc. Child -

Sir Thom. Lane -

Sir John Houblon

Sir Patience Ward -

Sir Stephen Evans -

Rich. Smith and Elmes Spinks

Leon. Robinson -

Anth. Wallinger.

Edward Price -

Leon. Robinson, by Two Orders

Sir Joseph Hem, by Three Orders

Christoph. Tilson -

Leon. Robinson, by Four Orders -

Sir Thom. Cook -

Dan. Osborne -

John Dennet - -

Henry Berkley - -

Nicholas Charlton -

Sir John Cope - -

Math. Kenwrick

Leon. Robinson, by Four Orders -Isaac Brand -Sir William Dolben -Humfrey Dyke -.

Leon. Robinson, by Three Orders William Perkins.

William Payne -

John Haslewood.

John Briscoe -Leon. Robinson -.

Edmund Wansell Frederick Sonnices Barth. Beale . -Hen. Oxenden

Leon. Robinson - -

Hillary Renew -.

Sir Adam Ottley, by Two Orders

John Knight -

Leon. Robinson, by Three Orders

Sam. Fuller -

Leon. Robinson -

Geo. Evance

William Gore

Leonard Robinson -

Charles Musters

John Kent -

Sir Robert Clayton -

William Carbonell

Leon. Robinson, by Two Orders -

John Stock - -

John Knight -

Sir John Moore -

Francis Gosfright -

Sir William Hicks, by Two Orders

Leon. Robinson, by Two Orders -

Sir John Cutler -

Abraham Dolings - -

Sir Rob. Atkins -

John Smith - -

Leon. Robinson- -

Sir Thom. Halton -

Leon. Robinson, by Two Orders -

100-----

- 5,000-----

- 5,000 — —

50-----

300-----

- 6,000 —

- 2,150 ——

500' — —

- 1,000-----

500-----

500-----

- 1,000 — —

- 1,000 — --- r

- 500-----

- 500 -

- 1,000 -

400-----

- 6,410-----

- 2,600-----

120-----

- 13,100-----

- 2,000 -----"

- L500 -

900 -

500 -

- 400 -

- 1,000-----

800-----

- 7,880-----

300-----

- 3,250-----

600-----

- 7,000 — —

- 1,400-----

- 1,000 — . —

500-----

100-----

- 3,4oo ——

500 — — 100 — —

100-----

500-----

- 2,500-----

- 550 -

- 2,000-----

- 3,300 — —

- 5,550 -

- 1,000 — —

- 2,350 — —

200 ——

- 1,000 -

- 2,850 -

400 --- —

500 — —

- i,oooo«-----

- 1,100-----

- 3,450-----

- 1,500-----

- 6,068 14 —

500 — — 500-----

- 2,000 -- —

- 4,500 -

- 2,000 ——

500 -

- 1,500-----

- 5,000 — —

- 1,000-----

- 1,000 -

- 4,450-----

William

Lo&ni on Poll Tax.

714

Lenders Names.

3<j° Novembris.

Principal.

A. 169*.

William Gifford ... Lady Frances Williams Leon. Robinson -John Knight -Leon. Robinson -

Samuel Read - - - -

Robert Manwaring

Nath. Lacey - -

Joshua Beale -

Leonard Robinson ‘ - -

Francis de la Chamber George Hudson -

Leo. Robinson, by Five Orders -James Deane -Hugh Buscawen -

Robert Cowley -

Leo. Robinson, per Three Orders -Thomas Owen -

Leon. Robinson, per Two Orders - . Edm. Boulter -

Leon. Robinson, per Two Orders -Thomas Hall -

John Ashby - -

Leon. Robinson -Isaac Vinck - -

Roger Meredith -

Alice Spencer -

Leon. Robinson -

Geoffiry Elwes -

Thomas Trevor -

Paul Larrivere -'

Leon. Robinson -

Edm. Boulter -

George Tollett - -

William Gifford -

John Broadhurst

Eliz. d’Rit -' - -

Will. Gouge, per Two Orders Leo. Robinson, by Two Orders -John Rand, by Two Orders -Leonard Robinson -

Henry Young -William Tindule -Leon. Robinson -Rich. Pagett - ‘ -

Ashbumham Toll -

Sir John Pye, by Three Orders -Leon. Robinson -

Thom. Fyge -

Hugh Squire -

John Mathew - -

Richard Taylor -Sir Tho. Brograve Leon. Robinson -

John Smith -

Leo. Robinson, per Two Orders -Ann Pelham -Dorothy Beaker senior Dorothy Beaker junior Lord Culpepper -Robert Woodcock - -

William Talman '

John Vandermaud Sir Francis Child

Sir John Fleet -

Sir Edward Clarke -

Sir John Houblon -

Sir Patience Ward -

Sir Tho. Lane -

Richard Smith and Elmes Spinks

Sir Leon. Robinson, by Two Orders

500

200

2.000 3,080

2.000 500

1.000 700 500

1,750

430

800

11,100

1.000 500 300

8,700

100

5>900

500

3»55o

3°°

1.000

2.300 500 ioo 500

1.000

1.000

1.500

3°°

2.300 500 300

6,600 50 200

2.000 4,200

1.000 1,620

300

200

1.400 550

1.000 13,000

2.400 800

1.000 700

50

165

2.000 300

5,870

500

1.000 500 200 100 loo 800

2.000 2,000 1,000

50o

500

500

Loooo

4.500

s.

d.

Lenders Names.

byj

Hugh Squire - - - - 600

Sir Thom. Cook - 5,000

Sir Samuell Dashwood - - '1,000

Sir Patience Ward - 500

Sir William Ashurst - 500

Sir Leon. Robinson, by Two Orders - 5,500

Francis Kenton - 500

Andrew Franklyn - 500

Sir Robert Clayton - - 1,000

Sir Leon. Robinson - 3,000

Ste. Seignoret and Ren. Baudovin,

Two Orders Sir William Gore -John Smith - -

Sir Geo. Treby -Sir Leon. Robinson, by Four Orders -Sir Leon. Robinson -Hillary Renew -Maynard Colchester -William Bleak -Nath. Hornby - -

Sir Leon. Robinson - -

James Dufoy - -

Sir Leon. Robinson -Sir John Moore - -

Sir Leon. Robinson -Robert Humfryes - Ditto -

Edward Russell, by Sixty Orders Sir Tho. Cook, by Eleven Orders John Rawkins, by Seven Orders Math. Humberston, by Two Orders -Wm. Wallis, per.Two Orders Sir Steph. Evance -John Rawkins - -

Robert Fowle -

Nath. Gifford, per Two Orders -Peter Le Neve -Jos. HoskenstiJes -Godfry Lee -

George Wahup - -

Reynold Calthorp, by Nine Orders Barbara Gregory - -

Sir Leon. Robinson

Rich. Earl of Ranelagh, by Ten Orders Sir Leon. Robinson - -

Ann Thorold - -

Sir L. Robinson, per Four Orders Edward Russell, per Sixty Orders Sir Tho. Cook, per Eleven Orders Sir Leon. Robinson - -

Thom. Owen -Mary Peacock -Ro. Tracy, by Two Orders Cha. Harper, per Two Orders -Tho. Taylor, Nine Orders -Edward Pauncefort - -

John Smith -

John Butcher, by Six Orders Edward Fawknor, by Two Orders Lancellott Burton -Peter Gerey, by Six Orders Edward Russell, for the Victuallers East India Company, for Saltpetre Edward Russell more, for Saltpetre Charles Fox, Esquire, for Transport!

Ships...../ 20,000

Principal.

s. d.

1.000 —

500 — 500 —

1.000 —

9.700 —

2,760 — 750 — 500 — 200 — 400 — 1,740 — 500 —

3.150 —

1.000 —

1.000 —

1.500 —

4.000 — 20,000. —

20.000 —

3.700 — 11,500 — -

4.000 —

1.000 —

1.000 — 2;oooo —

3.000 — 800 —

6.000 — 800 —

1.000 —

7.500 —

400 — 1,850 — 9,257 i,550 500 4,600

20.000

20.000

1.150

150

100 450 300

4.500

700

3.500

4.500

4.000

1.000

3.000

20.000

32.000

20.000

Tot a 1.

11

555,451 5

4 W. & M. ap® Novembris.

25th 1692.

A LIST of the Loans made upon the f ths Customs, which remain unsatisfied this Day, Number of Orders. Lenders Names.

21 o and 219 Charles Bertie, by Two Orders -

220 Earl of Ranelagh -

220 to 226 Edward Russell, Esquire, by Forty-six Orders -

267 to 329 Charles Fox, Esquire, by Sixty-three Orders - -

330 to 346 Richard Earl of Ranelagh, per Seventeen Orders -

347 to 364 Ralph Earl of Montagu, per Eighteen Orders -

365 Sir Henry Furnis - - - - -

360 to 403 Cha. Fox, Esquire, by Thirty-eight Orders - -

404 to 411 Richard Earl of Ranelagh, per Eight Orders -

412 to 418 Edward Russell, Esquire, by Seven Orders - -

419 to 463 Richard Earl of Ranelagh, per Forty-five Orders -

464 to 525 Charles Fox, Esquire - -

526 to 561 Earl of Ranelagh, by Thirty-six Orders - -

' 562 to 578 Lane. Burton, by Seventeen Orders -

579 to 604 John Richards, by Twenty-six Orders - -

606to 611 Ralph Earl of Mountagu, per Seven Orders -612 to 645 Lancelot Burton, by Thirty-four Orders -

646 Lord Lovelace -‘ -

647 to 656 Charles Fox, Esquire, by Ten Orders - - - .

657 to 668 William Smith, Esquire, per Twelve Orders - -

669 to 682 John Richards, Esquire, by Fourteen Orders -

683 to 692 lien. Sign. d’Auverquer, per Ten Orders - -

693 to 706 William De Nassau, by Fourteen Orders -

707 to 716 Earl of Mountagu, per Ten Orders -

717 to 732 Cha. Fox, Esquire, by Fifteen Orders

733 to 742 Hen. Sign. d’Auverquer, per Ten Orders -

743 Ralph Earl of Mountagu -

744 Richard Earl of Ranelagh -

745 Earl of Maryborough -

746 to 758 Earl of Mountagu, by Thirteen Orders -

759 Robert Ford -

760 John Fitch -

761 to 764 John Richards, by Four Orders

765 John Wright - - - -

766 Charles Mountague, Esquire - -

767 Eliz. Ellyott - - -.

768 to 770 Peter Le Neve -

771 Charles Killigrew -

772 John Jones - -

773 John Temple - -

774 Henry Harris - -

775 Robert Lord Lucas -

776 Symon Harcourt -

777 Tho. Turst, Esquire ——

778 John Topham -

779 Tho. Paine -

780 John Earl of Bath - - - '

781 Richard Shoreditch ——

782 William Blathwaite ——

Ditto more ——

783 Sir John Nicholas ——

784 Thomas Taylor - - -. -

785 Robert Squibb - -

786 to 789 Francis Negus ——

700 Thomas Lloyd ——

791 William Clerk ——

792 Sir Joseph Williamson -

793 John Warner - -

794 Richard Cooling -

795 John Gaines -

796 Robert Stephens ——

797 Richard Leake ——

798 Thomas Browning -

799 Edm. Williamson - -

" goo Michaell Studholme ——

goi John Topham - -

802 Robert Squibb - -

803 William Wekett - - - - _?

‘ 804 Thomas Taylor - - - - r - -

805 Thomas Charnock ——

806 Lord Lovelace ——

807 John Warner -

808 Sir Roger Harsnett -

' 809 Thomas Lloyd - -

725

Principal. £ s. d. 2,183 i —

6,192-----

22,635-----

26,410 — —

8*305 19

5.000 — 1,830

15,284

3,784

4.500 22,121 29,372 14,298

11.000 -

5.500 -

3.500 -

11.000 -166 13

4.000 -

3.000 -

5.500 -

3.000 -

2.500 -

3.000 -7,716 2,876

612

Loans on Customs.

13

*9

5

1

4

13

8f

10 10 . 2

6

8

4

4

5

7

8

16

4

6

2

1,229 10 —

1.000 ——

6.000 -

45 12 6

6

4

8

2

7 6

1

13

1

9

9

7

9

10

13

9

10

10

91

2

10 4 i 4 i

6

1

150 882 165 125 150 525

10 40

100

125

563

260

25

125 125 280 100 594

125 125

34o 66 510 248

37

160

15

125 62 30

45 60 125

73

150

84-----

176-----

118 8 6

9 6

17

9

14

6

12 6

9

4

11

125

83

3»8

125

14,502

4f

2

3

41

8

6

4i

Vo 1. X.

8 X

255,747 8 6 Nov*

Excise

Tullie*

J26

2 c? Nsvembris.

Nov. 26th, 1692.

Tallies of Loan struck upon the hereditary and temporary Excise, then remaining unpaid, to the Persons following;

To Edward Noell, Esquire, the Remainder of Twenty thousand Five hundred Pounds, -lent in May and June 1692 -Jo Thomas Brown, Esquire, being Money lent the Eighth of July 1692 -

To Ditto, Four thousand Pounds, lent-Eighth July 1692; and Six thousand Pounds, lent Fourteenth July 1692; in all - —

To Sir Stephen Evans, being lent the Eleventh August 1-69 2 -To Ditto, (being tent \ 6 August 1-692 --To Sir Joseph Heme,’ being lent 16th-August 1692 - —

To Thom. Browne, Esquire, being lent the Twenty-fifth August 1692 ToDitto, beinglent Fourteenth Novem. -1-692

£. s.

6,500 — —

20,-000 -

10,000 — —

1,-000 — —

9.000 -----.

9.000 — —

- 20,000 -

- 15^000 —

Total - - £. 90,500-----

per Annum.

200-----

300 — - — 100 -

100-----

5 — -

570

50

100

18

100

40-----

12,209 *5 2

Excise Office, London, -26 Nov. 1692.

A LIST of Pensions payable out of particular Branches of their Majesties Revenue,-or at the Receipt of the Ejccliequer; viz.

Out of Customs,

A alias and Juliana Hext -Samuell Clavke -

George Tuthill - -

Corporation of Lyme, for repairing the Cobb at Lyme -The Chancellor of the Garter, for the Poor Knights of Windsor; a Perpetuity -Thomas Hide and his Wife Town of Berwick, for Maintenance of their Bridge -

Corporation of Hull <

Heirs of Colonel Fairfax; a Perpetuity Corporation of Clifton, Dartmouth,

Haminesse -

Cut of several Parts of the Excise of Beer and Ale, &c.

Queen Dowager, by several Grants

Prince and Princess of Denmark,-by Act 1 of Parliament, and Letters Patents, I Twenty thousand Pounds; the same \ 50,000 — t>y Letters Patents, more. Thirty I housand Pounds- - - J

Duchess of Bucclugh »

Duchess of Richmond - -

Duchess Dowager of Grafton -

Doke-ot Grafton, Two thousand Pounds;

and Two thousand Pounds - -

Duke of Southampton -

Duke of Northumberland *

Fishermen and Adventurers of Great Yarmouth - -

Samuell Morland, Esquire *

"Out of the Revenue, arising by the Post Office,

Euri of Rochester -Duchess of Cleveland -

William Dockra -

Marquis of Carmarthen -Karl of Bath - -

Executors of Richard Graham and Sir Richard AUibon -Out of the Revenue, arising by Alienations,

The Countess of Plymouth, Part of her

Jointure - - - i,oooo ——

ir William Morris ", - 300 —

4.000 -

1;000 — —

1.000 — —

4.000 ->---

3.000 -

3.000 —

-160 —

- 200 *---

4,000' — -

4,7oo -

500 — -

3.500 ---

2.500 ---

500'-----

J. i6()2.

per Annum. '£. s. d. 500-----

Out of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on Coals,

Sir Thomas Clarges; a Perpetuity -

Out of the Revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall,

Earl of Bath, a Perpetuity - - 4,000

Earl of Warrington - 2,000

Sir Peter Killigrew - - r 300

Minister of Lost Withiell - - - 30

Out of First fruits and Tenths,

Earl of Oxford -

Countess of Plymouth, Part of her Jointure Earl of Bath -Sir Samuell Morland -

Countess of Bristoll, One thousand and One thousand Pounds -Executors of Charles Toll, for about . Eight Years to come -Elizabeth Hamilton, for herself Her Three Sons - -,

Out of the Relit of the Lottery Farm,

Solomon Foubert -

Phillip Howard -James Gray -

Sir Gabrieli Silvius -Lady Cath. Armstrong, and her Two Daughters -Charlott Killigrew -Susanna Leighton -

Jane Berkley -

Ellmor Needham, for herself and Children Mary Fanshaw -Captain John Richards -

Sir'Charles Slingsby Mrs. Mallett Slingsby - -

Colonel Edmund Ogar -

Colonel Hen. Htabank -

Richard Sydenham and Grace his Wife Anne Duke and her Children

Captain John Baker Captain Kettleby’s Grandchildren Captain John Watkmson- -Amie Ashbury, Widow -

Mr. Collins -

Mr. Rose* his Three Daughters - Mr. Buss -

Mr. Edward Duke - -

Cha. Duncomb, for Colonel Vaughan Dame Martha'Cary -

Dame Petronella Cary -

Captain James Vosper -

Captain Griffith Standen - -

Anne Acton - -

Amy Goldsborough -

Eliz. HaH -Jane BeH -Margaret Pretty -.

VictoriaSlingsby - -

Mallett Slingsby -Elizabeth Slingsby -

Out of the Exchequer in general,

Queen Dowager -

Duke of Norffolk -Countess of Portland -

Duke of Ormond

Duke of Schonberg -Duchess of Buckingham -Lady Goditha Price -

Anne Golding -

Rachel and Frances Wyndham -Earl of Derby, for poor Ministers in the Isle of Man -_-»*

Katharine Gunter - -

Sir William Killigrew. -Nicholas Needham -

Four Itinerant Preachers in Lancashire

2.000 — —

2.000 — —

2,500-----

606-----

2.000 — —

1,00a -

500-----

850-----

500 —

400-----

400-----

300 — — -

200 — — 200 — —

100-----

200 -

300 — ' —

.200-----

200-----

40 8 — 45 12 45 12 40 —

6

6

45 12 6

36 10 — . 36 16 — 18 5 —

20-----

20-----

60-----

20-----

24-----

300-----

20 - — —

20 -

20-----

20 — — 20 — — 20 — —

20-----

: 20 —

20 1-----

20 — —

12 -

20 — -

6,000 — . — ‘

3.000 —

1.000 r — —

2*500 — —

4.000 — —

1,200 — — '

400 — —

120-----

400 — —

100 —

200 — 500 — — -

120 — . -r-200 — — Sir

4 W. #-M.

2 90 Novemb

in

Sir Algernoon May -

Ann Baker -

Governor of Christ’s Hospital, for Mathematical Boys - -

Ann Lawson - -

Boor of St. Martin’s Parish -Francis Renolas -

Nicholas Yates -John Rogers and his Wife -William Levett -Colonel Howard, for his Children Mrs. Kirke - -

Sir Thomas Wyndham -

Thomas Lane -

Charles Gifford - -

Doctor Gibbon -

Lady Mary Howard’s Executors -Robert Bertie -Poor of St. James’ Parish -French Ministers in the Savoy Master of the Temple -Lodowick Bray -

Poor of the Parish of Westminster King Charles the First’s Hospital in Westminster -Jane Browning -

Poor of St. Michael, Comhill, London;

a Perpetuity -Vicar of the Tower of London; a Perpetuity - - - - i

Master of Southwell School, a Perpetuity -

Emanuel College in Cambridge; a Perpetuity -

Professor of Civil Law in the University of Cambridge -

Eaton College, a Perpetuity Poor of St. Magnes Parish, a Perpetuity Vicar of Litchfeild, a Perpetuity -University of Cambridge, for a Preacher, Ditto -

The same University, for a Physick Reader, Ditto -

Poor of St. Buttolph's Parish, London, Ditto - - ‘ - -

Poor of Walbrook Parish, Ditto -Dean and Chapter of Litchfeild, Ditto -Oxford University, for a Preacher, Perpetuity -

Ditto, for a Physick Reader Ditto, for a Reader of the Civil Law

per Annum, £. s

5oo-----

33o-----

370 10 —

250-----

100-----

200-----

100 -

100-----

200-----

120-----

250 -

600 -

500 -

300 -

100 — —

200 -

40-----

50-----

Go-----

37 6 8

40-----

50-----

50-----

60 -

12 4 —

6 13 4

10 —

1613 4

40 —

42-----

2148 15-----

10-----

40-----

7 -

7 13 4

10-----

13 6 8

40-----

40-----

Total

£. 143,069 14 8

An Accompt of what hath been raised and borrowed upon the Poll Bill; with a State of the Revenue; and what Loans, Debts, and Pensions, by w’hom made, and to whom owing, were, upon the Twenty-fifth Aw. 1692, charged thereupon;

1st. The Sums of Aloney, which, on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of November 1692, have been lent to their Majesties upon the borrowing Clauses in the Act of Parliament lately made for a Quarterly Poll for One Year, do amount, ifi the Whole, to Five hundred fifty-five thousand Four hundred and Fifty-one Pounds Five Shillings and Four-pence in principal Monies; for which Interest is to be paid after the Rate of Seven Pounds Cent, per Annum; and the Loans of the said Sums were made by, or in the Names of, the several Persons named in the List thereof, herewith presented: And the said Bums of Money are severally due and owing to the said Persons, or to their Assigns, according to the said List, Number I.

The Monies, which have arisen by the said Quarterly Poll, and been paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, until VozYX.

the said Twenty-fifth of November 1692, have amounted Loans on for the First Quarter, to One hundred and thirty-seven PoN Jax* thousand and Nine Pounds Five Shillings and Ten-pence ^'even,l£ Half-peny; for the Second Quarter, to Ope hundred and thirty-four thousand Six hundred and Nineteen Pounds.

Six Shillings and Two-pence Half-peny; and, for the Tliird Quarter, to Forty-six thousand and Seventy-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven-pence; in all, to Three hundred and seventeen thousand Seven hundred Pounds Six Shillings and Two-pence Ilalfpeny: From whence it is doubted, that the net Produce of the Four Quarters of the said Poll (over and above the Charges of Collection, and illeviable Supers) will not exceed Five hundred and fifty thousand Pounds at the most; the Difference between which Sum and One Million Three hundred and forty one thousand Seven hundred Pounds, mentioned in the said Act for the said Poll, is Seven hundred and ninety-one thousand Seven hundred Pounds; which the said Quarterly Poll will, in all likelihood, be deficient of what was intended thereby.

2. As to the Loans or Debts upon the Revenue, it is represented,

1. That, at several timeB after the Eleventh Day of

March 1691, and upon or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of November 1692, there were lent to their Majesties,

on the Credit of the |th Parts of the Customs (for which a distinct Register is kept in the Receipt of the Exchequer), several Sums of Money, amounting, in the Whole, to Four hundred and thirty-eight thousand Six hundred and Thirty-four PoundsThree Shillings and Eight-pence, besides Fourteen thousand Five hundred and Two Pounds Fourteen Shillings more; which, upon the said Twenty-fifth Day of November 1692, was lent, or agreed to be lent, thereupon, by, or in the Name of, Thomas

both which Sums amount to Four hundred and fifty-three thousand One hundred and Thirty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight-pence: And that the Monies arisen by the |th Parts of the Customs have actually paid oft’ and discharged, or there was reserved in the Exchequer, on the said Twenty-fifth November 1692, so much of the said itlis Customs, as (together with the Payments actually made) was sufficient to pay off and discharge the Sum of One hundred and ninety-seven thousand Three hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds, Part of the Loans last raenr tioned; and that Two hundred and fifty-five thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Eight Shillings and Six-pence, being the Remainder thereof, did, on the Twenty-fifth of Noventber 1692, remain due and unsatisfied; and is to be paid, with Interest, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per Annum; and that the Loans of the said Sum of Two hundred and fifty-five thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven Pounds Eight Shillings and Six-pence Principal Monies, so remaining due and unsatisfied upon the said Register, were made by, or in the Names of, the several Persons comprehended in a distinct List thereof herewith presented; and are severally due and owing to them, or their Assigns, according to the List last mentioned. Number II.

2. That the other Fourth Part of the Customs, out of

which the Charges of managing she whole Revenue of Customs are entirely defrayed, is liable to a Debt of Thirty thousand Pounds, which was lent thereupon by John Knight, Gentleman; and is owing to him, or his

Assigns; who have Tallies of Pro for the same, and are to be repaid, with Interest, after the Rate of Six Pounds

per Cent, per Annum.

3. That the hereditary and temporary Excise, to wit, the Rates which were granted to the Crown in Fee, and those granted to their Majesties for their Lives, making together Two Shillings and Six-pence per Barrel upon Ale,

fyc.(out of which, or one of them, the whole Charges of managing all the Rates and Duties of Excise are defrayed) are at this time charged with Ninety thousand Five hundred Pounds, remaining due and unsatisfied upon several Loans which have been made upon the Branches last mentioned; for which Sum, Interest is to be paid after the Rate of Six Pounds per Cent, per And the

Sums

29*_3o° Novembris.

Sums, making the said Sum of Ninety thousand Five hundred Pounds, were lent by the several Persons named in a separate List thereof, herewith presented; and are due to them or their Assigns respectively, according to the said List, Number III.

Memorandum, There is a Claim of One Million Three hundred and Thirty-three thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Seven-pence Farthing, made by several Bankers and others, or their Assigns; for which his late Majesty King Charles the Second granted to them, and their Heirs, several yearly Sums, making Eighty thousand and Thirty-two Pounds, Eight Shillings ana one Peny per Annum, in the Nature ot perpetual Interest, out of the hereditary Excise; and the said perpetual Interest is unpaid for Nine Years and an half; for which there is also claimed, Seven hundred and Sixty thousand Three hundred, and six Pounds Sixteen Shillings, or thereabouts: And a Judgment was lately obtained in the Exchequer for part of the said perpetual Interest, upon which a Writ of Error is now depending.

4. That the Revenue, arising in the General Letter Office, or Post Office is at present incumbered with Eight thousand Eight hundred Pounds, remaining unpaid upon Tallies of Anticipation, which were levied for the Service of the Works.

5. That the Revenue arising by wine Licences, by an Indenture under the great Seal of England, in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, is granted to Sir Stephen Evance, and others, for Ten Years from Lady Day 1691;, upon which they advanced Thirty thousand Pounds, to be repaid, with Interest, out of that Revenue, or the Rents thereof: And at this time there remains unsatisfied the Sum of Twenty five thousand, Five hundred Pounds, Part of the said Advance Money.

Lastly, That all the Pensions, which by virtue of any Grants from their Majesties, or their Predecessors, are charged upon any particular Branches of their Revenue, or upon the Exchequer generally (so far forth as such Pensions have hitherto appeared, by producing the Grants or Warrants for the same), do amount to One hundred and Forty-three thousand and Sixty-nine Pounds FourteenShil-lings and Eight Pence per Annumwherein the Pensions of the Queen Dowager, and of their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Denmark, are included; but the Particulars of the said Pensions, and how the same, or* any of them, are chargeable, are specified, in a List or Schedule thereof, herewith presented, Number IV.

28° Novembris 1692.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accompts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, is referred.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had entered upon the Consideration of the Estimate of the Charge of the Navy for the Service of the Year 1693; and had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Thursday Morning next, at Nine a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Mr. Attorney General also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the said Committee to move, That the Committee may have Leave to sit again.

And the Question being put, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Cqo»-

mittee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

{Sir Jonath. Jennings,

Sir Robert Rich,

Tellers for the Noes, {^;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 30* die Novembris;

4* Gulielmi et Mari*.

Prayers.

MR. Waller, presented to the House a Bill for the Discovering better Discovery of Judgments in the Courts at Judgments.' Westminster. And the same was received.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of iludson’sltay the Company of Felt-makers, London, was read; setting Cou»i«»j. forth, That* 20 Willielmiet Maria, the Hudson's Bay Company obtained an Act to strengthen their Charter; wherein is contained a-Proviso, That the Company shall make, at least, Two public Sales of Coat Beaver every Year, and not more than Four: And that the said Company shall not sell Coat Beaver by private Contracts, at any lower Price than the same was set up at the last publick Sale; but for want of a Penalty in the said Act the Company have frequently broken the said Proviso: Whereupon the Petitioners, the last Session, did represent the Mischiefs arising the reby; and by Petition to the House, prayed Redress, as also a Prohibition of the Exportation of Coney Wool and Hares Wool; whereby the whole Manufacture of making Hats might be appropriated to this Kingdom, many Thousands of Poor People employed, and their Majesties Revenue advanced: That the said Petition was referred to a Committee of the House; who, having heard the Petitioners, and the said Company, were of Opinion, and did report to the House, That the House Should be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill according to the said Petition, with a Prohibition to the Exportation of Coney Wool and Hares Wool, unless the same shall be under the Price of Seven Shillings per Pound: And Leave being given, a Bill was brought in accordingly; but, it being toward the End of that Session, the same could not be ripened for the Royal Assent; And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for preventing fraudulent Sales by the Hudson's Bay Company, and to prevent the Exportation of Coney Wool and Har.es Wool.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Petition of Daniel Price, and Hemy Williams, in pnviiege — Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, Petitioufiom was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners being com- Persons m mitted for a Breach of Privilege in arresting one Rode- cust,*h'* rick Powell, a menial servant of Francis Lloyd, Esquire, a Member of this House, as alleged, for Goods sold him for the Interment of Rice Price, Esquire; who by his Will, gave to the said Roderick a Maintenance; who is not, in the Country, reputed to be the Servant of Mr.

Lloyd: Which the Petitioners believe to be true: And praying to be heard, in order to their Discharge.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Matter upon the said Petition b$ heard, by the said Committee, upon Monday next, in the Afternoon,

Ordered,

4W. M. 30* Novembris. — 10 Decembris. 729

Book of Rates, &c.

Importing

.Silk.

East India Company.

ToUiesse; Writ*

Advice to the King. '

Motion for Papers respecting the descent.

Ordered, That Sir Rich. Mr. Sir

Ro. Clayton, Mr. Cook, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Sir

Ra. Carr, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Cook, Sir Young, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Beane, be added to the Committee to whom it is referred to inspect and consider of the Book of Rates, and the Balance of Trade, for the Advantage of this Kingdom.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill for Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Thrown Silk over Land be now read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Heads for a Bill for preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Totnesse in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir John Fowell, Baronet, deceased.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby his Majesty desires the Advice of this House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Francis Winnington reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, That the Committee may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby he desires the Advice of this House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty will be pleased to order, That all Papers whatsoever, relating to the last Summer’s Expedition, and the Descent, be laid before this House;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 1* die Decembris;

4° Willielmi et Maria?.

Prayers.

Discovering \ BILL for the better Discovery of Judgments in Judgments. f\_ the Courts of Westminster, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Papers, and Records: And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That..... consider of any other more effectual Remedy; and that they do prepare and bring in a Clause for the better Preventing of Burglaries.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Expiring what Laws are lately expired, and expiring; and to re- Lamport their Opinions to the House, what Laws are fit to be revived, and continued further.

And it is referred to Mr. Attorney General, Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Hill, Sir Anth. Keck, Mr. Nicholas, Mr.

JValler, Mr. Greenfeild, Sir John Key, Mr. Harley, Sir

Robert Davers, Mr. Harcourt, Lord Commissioner Hutchins, Mr. Goldzveil, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Christy, Sir Tho.

Littleton, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir F.dw. Seymour, Mr.

Palmes, Mr. Price, Sir Tho. Pope Blount, Mr. Bowyer,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Breiver, Mr. Granville, Mr. Clarke, Lord

Hide, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Aiternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to sit de die diem.

A Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Gloucester was read; setting forth, That amongst the many Obstructions and Discouragement, of late Years, of the Woolen Manufacture, and Decay of Trade, none hath been more visible and mischievous than the Breaking of the ancient Company of Merchant Adventurers; so that, instead of Merchants, the Trade is wholly fallen into the Hands of Packers and Factors; for whose Purpose the Clothiers vie who shall make the most Cloths, with respect to the Goodness, to the Prejudice of the Woolen Manufacture; and praying, that the Company of Merchant Adventurers may be again established in their Trade.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen and Clothiers, and Dealers in Cloth and Serges, and Stockings, in the West of Englanwas referred;

The House divided.

Merchant

Adven-

turers.

The Yeas go forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

fMr.

\Mr.

Clarke, JV>alter

99-

Tellers for the Noes,|o-r ^r 1 ’ [Sir John Guise, J

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And they to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Guise, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Lord Shcrrard, Mr. Blowfeild, Sir Jew. Ehccs, Mr. Travers, Mr. JValpoole, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Sherrard, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bozoyer, Sir Tho. Bernardiston, Sir JVm. Strickland, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Arnold, Sir Ro. Edon, Mr. Price,

Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Jos. Herne, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Ryder, Lord JVm. Pawlct, Mr. Slater, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Cook, Mr. Nicholas, Major Perry, Mr. Foley, Mr. Greenville, Mr. JVillmot, Mr. Colt, Sir Ayscough:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Apprehend- A Bill to encourage the Apprehending of Highway, ing High- men, was read the Second time.

way men. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant

Trenchard, Lord Castleton, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Brere ton, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. JValler, Mr. Hill, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Hawtrey, Mr. Goldzvell, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Chadzoick, Mr. Campion, Mr. Perry, Mr. Ryder, Major Vincent, Mr. Biddulph, Lord Mr. Thornhaugh,

Mr. Dyot, Mr. Christie, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Rob. Cotton, Sir - Ra. Dutton, Sir John Guise, Mr. Beddingfeild, Serjeant JVogan, Sir Tho. Edon, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. May, Lord Norryes, Mr. England, Mr. Fuller: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Foyr a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Vol. X.

Ordered, That # # *

Mr. Attorney General, according to the Order of the Supply. Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, the Resolutions of the said Committee, in relation to the Navy: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge of the ordinary Estimate for the Navy is not to be considered in the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the Year 1693.

8 Y Resolved,

730

Deceittbris.

Ai6t)X.

Tryals for T reason.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thirty-three thousand and Ten Men, fot Thirteen Months, is a Medium necessary, for the Service of the Navy, for the Year 1693.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charges of the Wages, Victuals, Wear and Tear, and Ordnance Stores for Thirty-three thousand and Ten Men serving in their Majesties Ships at Sea, be computed at Four Pounds Five Shillings per Man per Month, for the Service of the Navy, for the Year 1693.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charges of the Tenders to the Fleet is included in the Four Pounds Fiv^ Shillings per Man per Month allowed for the Service of the Navy for the Year 1693.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Hospital Ships to attend the Fleet is included in the Four Pounds Five Shillings per Man per Month allowed for the Service of the Navy for the Year 1693.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Twenty-three thousand Four hundred and Six Pounds, for the Charge of making, completing, and finishing their Majesties Naval Yard at Hamose near Plymouth, with Dwelling-houses for the Officers, Storehouses, Workhouses, and inclosing the said Yard with a Wall, be Part of the Estimate of the Charge of the Navy for the Year 1693.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Ten thousand Nine hundred and Eight Pounds, for the building Four Comb-vessels, be Part of the Estimate of the Charge of the Navy for the Year ify.3-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Two Marine Regiments are included in the Thirty-three Thousand and Ten Men agreed to be necessary for the Service of the Navy for the Year 1693.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Sixty-eight thousand Four hundred Pounds, for the Building of Eight new Ships of the Fourth Rate, of Forty-eight Guns each, and furnishing them with Rigging, and Eight Months Boatswain and Carpenters Sea Stores, be Part of the Estimate of the Charge of the Navy for the Service of the Year 1693.

And the said several Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Lords of the Admiralty do lay before this House a List of such Ships as are to be employed for the Year 1693. '

Mr. Harcourt, according to the Order of the Day,

reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for Regulating of Tryals, in Cases of High Treason, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read thoughout.

And the First Amendment being read a Second time, the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment, Fo. 1, Line *, to fill the Blank with " Determination of the present War with France," being read a Second time;

It was proposed to disagree with the Committee; and that, instead thereof, be inserted " Twenty-fifth Day of April >693."

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas } 1«'

Toilets for the Noes,j } ‘5-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Amendments being severally read a Second time, some of them were agreed, and others disagreed unto by the House.

And several other Amendments made by the House to the Said Bill;

Also an Amendment being proposed, for the leaving out the last Clause, touching Impeachments in Parliament; and inserting another, That the Bill shall not extend to any Impeachments in Parliament;

The said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Other Clause agreed to be added accordingly.

Another Clause being presented to the House, to be added to the said Bill; the same was read the First time; and is as followeth; viz.

" And whereas the Pence and Security of this Kingdom, and the Preservation of the Protestant Religion therein established, doth (nextunder God) depend on their Majesties Royal Persons: Be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, if any Person whatsoever, after the " , during the natural Lives of their most Gracious Majesties King William and Queen Mary (which God long preserve!), or during the natural Life of the Survivor of them, shall, within this Realm or without, maliciously, advisedly, and directly publish, declare, affirm, or say, by any Printing, Writing, Cyphering, Speech, or express Words or Sayings, That their Majesties are not, or ought not to be, King and Queen of Ibis Realm, or that any other Person or Persons ought of Right to be King or Queen of this Realm during their Majesties Lives, or the Life of the Survivor of them; or shall, by Writing, Printing, Speech, or Sayings, maliciously, advisedly, and directly publish, set forth, and affirm. That their Majesties are Usurpers of the Crown of this Realm; that then all and every such Offence or Offences shall be, and are hereby declared and adjudged to be High Treason: And all a fid every such Offender or Offenders being thereof lawfully convicted and attainted, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, Traitors to their Majesties, and this Realm; and shall suffer and forfeit as in Cases of High Treason.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the said Bill, and Amendments, and the said Clause, do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, Neminecontradiccnte, That Leave be given Preservation

to bring in a Bill for the better Preservation of their Ma- w ,he’r

. £> . _ . , Majesties.

jesties sacred Persons and Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare and bring in the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Supply, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning East India next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Company, the w hole House, to consider further of Heads for a Bill for the preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- London

ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Orphan*, of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of Lond</n,concerning the Orphans of the said City.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned tiH Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Googb

4 W. & M. a° — 3° Decembris. 73 x

Veneris, 2’ dfo Decembris;

4° Willielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

Woolen A PETITION of several Clothiers inhabiting in Manufacture. ,i\ the Counties of Wilts and , was read;

setting forth, That, by the Votes, the Petitioners find a Bill is brought. . ., for the total Suppressing of the Blackwell Hall Factors; which, if it Should pass, would prove fatal to the Petitioners, and destructive to the Manufacture of those Counties; and praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table till the Bill for the encouraging the Wooten Manufactures of this Kingdom be read a Second time.

Obtaining Major Vincent presented to the House a Bill for the Seamen. more speedy and effectual furnishing their Majesties Navy and Merchant Ships with Seamen. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

and the finislang their Majesties Naval Yard ait Hat/rne near Plymouth, and the building Four Bomb-vessels, and

Eight new Ships of the Fourth Rate), be granted to their Majesties, as Part of the Supply for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Attorney General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House,

That the Committee may have Leave to sit again.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of Ways and Means for raising the said Sum ol Nineteen hundred twenty-six thousand Five hundred and Sixteen Pounds Ten Shillings, to be granted to their Majesties for the Charge of the Navy for the Year 1693;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put: And

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Adviec to ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee the King, of the w'hole House, to consider of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, w'hereby his Majesty desires the Advice of this House.

Woolen Sir Walter Young reports from the Committee to

Manufacture, whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Gentlemen Clothiers, and Dealers in Cloth, Serges, and Stockings, in the West of England, was referred, That the Committee had prepared a Bill; which they had directed him to present to the House: And which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read the First timei

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Discovering A Bill for the better Discover^ Of Judgments in the Judgments. Courts of Westminster, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the De-. bate of the House, to Mr. Dolben, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Waller, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Christy, Mr.

Biddtdph, Mr. Wilmot, Mr. Price, Mr. Mr. Bromley, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Thornhuugh, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Dyott, Sir Tho. -well, Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Air. Burdett, Air.

Bathurst, Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Blowfeild, Air England, Mr. Haw try, Mr. Balch: And they are

to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers and Records.

Supply. Then the House, according to the Order Of the Day,

resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, t6 consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Were the same was read; and is as foHoweth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That a Sum, not exceeding Nineteen hundred twenty-six thousand Five hundred and Sixteen Pounds Ten Shillings, for the Charge of the Navy for the Year 1693 (including the Charge of tire Ordnance, and the finishing their Majesties Naval Yard at Hamost near Plymouth, and the building Four Bomb-vessels, and Eight new Ships of the Fourth Rate), be granted to theif Majesties, as Part of the Supply for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House, doth agFee with, the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sumy ft* exceeding Nineteen hundred twenty-six thousand Five hundred and Sixteen Pounds Ten Shillings, for the Charge of the Navy for the Year 1693 (including the Charge of the Ordnance^ Vox.. X.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorning Supply, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France: And that the Committee do, in the First place, consider of supplying the Defect of the Poll Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. v Committees.

Ordered, That all the Accompts of the Army in - Army in . land, since the First of April last, be forthwith laid Ireland, before the Committee appointed for taking the publick Accompts.

And then the House adjourned tHl Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Sahhati, 3° die Decembris;

4* Willielmi et Alariae.

Prayers.

> r

A BILL to prevent malicious Informations in the Malicious

Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Informations. Reversal of Outlaw'ries, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Al/. Willmot,

Sir William Honeywood, Sir Tho. Haslerigg, Sir Robert Cotton, Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Cooke,. Air. Christy, Mr.

Lutterell, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Gwyn, Air.

Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Chctxcyn, Mr. Burdett, Air.

How, Mr. B/ofeild, Mr. Slater, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Bicker-staffe, Mr. Waller, Sir Jos.Trcdenham, Mr. Tredenham,

Air. Hutchinson,- Air.- Trenchard, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Thomhaugh, Sir. John. Moreton, - Mr. England: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Foiir a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Christy, according to Order, presented to the Hudson’s Bay House a Bill for preventing fraudulent Sales by the Hud- Company. son’s Bay Company, and for preventing the Exportation of Coney Wool and Hares Wool. -The Bill was read the First time.-And the Question being put, That it be read a Second time;

- The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the , J 56.

Talers for the Noes,{^,^J } 119.

So it passed in the Negative.

The

Message respecting the Array.

Ships

employed.

73 2

3° Decembris.

A. 1693.

The Lord Ranelagh acquaints the House, That he had

a Message to deliver from his Majesty; viz. That, of the Fifty-four thousand Five hundred Sixty-two Men mentioned in the List of the Land Forces delivered in to this House for the Service of the Year 1693, his Majesty intends to keep Twenty thousand in England, for the Security of this Kingdom.

The Lord Falkland, according to Order, presented to the House a List of such Ships as are to be employed at Sea for the Year 1693: And he delivered the same in at the Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Admiralty Office, 2d December, 1692.

As ACCOUNT of the Number and Rates of Ships to be employed in their Majesties Service at Sea in the Year 1693:

Rates. Ships Names. Men. Guns.

1st Brittannia - - - 780 100

Sovereign - - - - 815 100

Victory - - - 780 100

Royal William - - - 780 100

London - - - 730 &6

St. Andrew - - 730 96

4,615 592

-2d. Neptune - . - 660 90

Duke - - - 660 9°

Albermarle - - 660 9°

Windsor Castle - - - - 660 9°

Duchess - - - - 660 9°

Vanguard - - - - 660 90

Sandwich - - - 660 9°

Ossory - - - 660 9°

St. Michaell - - 660 9°

Royal Katharine - - - 540 82

6,420 892

3d. Boyne - - 49° 80

Cornwall - - - - 490 80

Cambridge - - - 420 70

Devonshire - - - 490 80

Defiance - - - - 400 64

Dreadnought - - - 356 64

Essex - - - 460 70

Edgar - - - 445 72

Grafton - - - 460 70

Hope m - - 460 7o

Hampton Court - m m - 460 70

Kent - - 460 70

Lenox - - - 460 70

Mountague - - - 355 62

Mary - - 355 62

N orthumberkmd - - - 460 70

Plymouth - - - - 440 60

Royal Oak - - - 470 ‘ 74

Restoration - - - 460 70

Rupert - - - - 400 66

Suffolk - - 460 70

Sterling Castle - - - - 460 70

Suiftsure - m . 420 70

Warspight - - - - 420 70

York - - - 340 60

Resolution - - - 345 60

Dunkirk - - 270 52

Russell - - 410 80

Bredah - - - 380 62

Monmouth - - - 320 58

Lyon - - - 270 52

Monck - - - 270 52

At Chatham, j [490 80

Hull, \ new Ships 1490 80

Southampton, J U90 80

14,526 2,390

ites. Ships Names. Men. Guns.

4th. Greenwich - _ 280 54

Oxford - . - 280 54

Ruby - - 200 42

Dragon - - 185 40

Tiger - - - 200 42

Advice - - - 200 42

Chester - - - 200 42

Norwich - _ 200 42

Mordant - - - 200 42

Diamond - - - - 200 42

Woolwich - - 240 46

Chatham - - - 240 44

Kingsisher - - 185 40

Lumley Castle, f280 56

Loyal Merchant, ► hired 215 50

Princess Ann, [200 48

Deptford - - - - 280 50

Centurion - - - - 230 48

Boneadventure - - - - 230 48

St. Albans - - - - 280 50

Reserve - - 1 m 200 42

Boneadventure, hired - - - 200 5o

Tiger prize - - - 23O 48

Prince of Orange, hired - - l80 .46

Dover - - - - 230 48

Crown - - 230 48

Newcastle - - - 280 54

Foresight - - - - 230 48

Sam. and Hen. hired - - - l80 44

Woolfe, hired - - - 200 48

Assistance - - N_ 230 48

Hampshire - - 185 40

Anthelope - - - 200 42

Archangel, hired - - - 200 48

New African, hired - . - - _ \ 80 46

At Woolwich, 355 60

Hampton, 1 355 60

Redhouse, > new Shins < 355 60

Bussleton, 1 355 60

Chatham, J 1 ^355 60

9-455 1 ,922

5th. James Galley . _ 160 30

Portsmouth - - 135 32

Adventure - - 190 44

Mary Galley - - - 160 34

Experiment - - - 115 32

Pembroke - - - 115 32

Mermaid - - - . 115 32

Falcon - - . .150 36

Guernsey - - - 110 28

Canterbury Storeship - - - 35 8

London Merchant, hired - 120 30

Prudence, hired - - 160 42

Non such - - - 150 36

Conception prize - - - 115 32

Pearl - - - 130 30

Charles Galley - - - - 180 32

Unity, hired - - - 140 36

Sheemesse - - - 135 32

Play prize - - - 130 30

Virgin prize - - 135 32

Dolphin - - - - 115 26

Richmond - - - - 125 28

Saphir - - - 135 32

Milford - - 135 32

Warington, hired - - - 130 30

Guarland - - 130 30

Sandadoes prize - - - 180 40

Assurance - - - - 180 42

Smima Factor, hired - - 140 40

Sweepstakes - - - 180 42

Smima Merchant, hired - - 110 34

4,240 1 ,016

Rates,

39 Decembr

733

Bates.

Ships Names.

6th Greyhound Sandadoes

Sharke, ]

Discovery,

Dispatch, J Larke

Henry Prize Wild Prize

Germoon Prize -

Sally Rose St. Martin Prize -Sun Prize -

Swift. Prize

St. Albans Prize

Tartan Prize

Portsmouth Sloop Goodwyn Prize -Julian Prize

Men. Guns. 75 >6 75 *6

Brigantines

8o

Mary

Henrietta

Fubbs

Katherine

Charlotte

Isabella

Merlin

Navy

Monmouth -

Isle of Wight

Eaglett -

Hind

Roe

llarpe

Scarbrough

Quaker -

Albrough -

Owners Love Signett -Hawke -Vulture -Speedwell Spy

St. Paul -Charles -Strombolo Roebuck -»Vulcan -Vesuvius -Griffin -Lightning. St. Vincent Flame Etna

Hunter -Vol. X.

Yachts.

995 284

30 8

30 8

40 12

30 8

30 8

45 10

30 8

: 35

40

8G. 2 P. 1F. 8 G. 2 P. 1F. 4

3i5 88

Ketches.

- - - - 50 10

- - - - ’ 1 - - 50 10

- - - - . - - 50 10

- - - m - 50 10

- - . - - - - 50 10

- - - - 40 10

- . - m m - 40 10

3.30 70

Fireships.

- 40 10

- - 25 8

- - 45 8

m - 45 8

- - - 45 8

- - - 45 8

- - 45 10

- - 20 6

- - 45 8

- 45 8

- - - 45 8

- - 45 8

- 45 8

- mm - 45 8

m - - 40 8

- - m 45 8

- - - 45 8

- - 45 8

Men.duns.

Machine Prize, lately taken by the Centurion 50 12

St. Joseph Prize, lately taken by the Rupert arid Adventure - - - - 45

Mermaid Prize, ditto - - - - 30 8

A Prize lately taken by die Deptford - - 45 8

One more to be provided - - - 45 8

970 190

Londop Merchant Hospital Ships. -

And Four more -

Phoenix - Bomb Vessels. . - 20

And one more - a 35

Abstract. 55

Rates. N*. . Men. Guns.

1 6 4,615 592

2 10 6,420 892

3 35 14,526 2,390

4 f40 9>455 1,922

5 31 4,240 .1,016 284

6 18 995

Yachts 10 3i5 88

Ketches 7 330 70

Fireships 23 970 190

Hospital Ships . # *

Bomb Vessels 2 55 18

Total - - 187 41,921 7,462

8

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, supply, resolved itselfdnto a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France; and, in the First Place, of supplying the Defect of the Poll Bril.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had agreed upon a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House: -Arid which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read and is as foltoweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the making good the Sum of Thirteen hundred forty-one thousand Seven hundred Pounds, intended to be raised by the Act for a Quarterly Poll, a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to their Majesties.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, for the making good the Sum of Thirteen hundred forty-one thousand Seven hundred Pounds, intended to be raised by the Act for a Quarterly Poll, a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Attorney General also acquainted the House, That the said Committee had made some farther Progress in the Matter of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties:

And that the Committee had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning,

Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

8Z

Ordered*

Committees.

Clandestine

Mortgages.

Disposition by Will in York.

Perjury.

Quakers

Affirmation.

Prn ilege — petition from Persons in custody.

734 30 — 50 — 6° D 1692.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 5* die Decembris;

40 Willielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

A BILL to prevent Frauds by clandestine Mortgages, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Waller, Mr. SerjeantTrenchard, Mr. Slater, Mr. How, Mr. kaugh, Mu Hutchinson, Sir John Key, Sir Tredenham,

Mr. Christy, Sir William Cook, Air.Sir Edward Hussey, Sir John Moreton, Sir Thomas Haslerigg, Mr. Green-

Jet Id, Colonel Deane, Mr. LutterMr. Mayne, Sir John

Dowell, Colonel Perry, Mr. England, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Fuller, Sir Orlando Gee, Mr. Price, Sir John Bancks, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Clarke: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, That the Inhabitants of the Province of York may dispose of their Personal Estates by their Wills, notwithstanding the Custom of that Province: And that Sir grave do prepare and bring in the said Bill.

Sir Joseph Tredenham,- according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to make Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, in Capital Cases, to be Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

and William Nicholson be brought to the BaY bf this House upon Wednesday Morning next, in order to their Discharge. - r

Resolved, That this House will, upon rSlj|^(&AIom- F.u»t India ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Company, of the whole House, to consider further of Heads for a Bill for the preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade; and nothing to intervene.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Advire t» resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to 1116 klni-consider further of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby his Majesty desires the Advice of this House.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis Wynington took the Chair of the Committee. - - ,

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair. - ,

Sir Francis Wynington reported from the said Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the Alatter to them referred; and that they had directed him to move the House, That the Committee may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Alom-ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby his Majesty desires the Advice of this House.

tv

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Commits*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine, a Clock.

Martis, 6’ die Decembris;

Air. Clark reported from the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the People called Quakers, w as referred, That they had considered the Alatter thereof accordingly; and found, That the Alatter of the said Peti- tien was true; and that the Quakers have been exposed to great Hardships and Sufferings, in their Persons and Estates, by Imprisonments, and Sequestrations issuing out of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, for want of their Answers upon Oath; so that the Law not having provided for their Relief in such Cases, they are utterly disabled from receiving and recovering their just Debts, or defending their Rights and Properties'; as was made appear to the Committee in the Case of Geo. Hunt, against Eliza. Divon, and others,. Quakers, now depending in Chancery: And that many other Persons, not Quakers, having a Right to recover their Debts, are oftentimes incapacitated from obtaining the same, for want of a Quaker's Answer upon Oath; whereby they are in Danger to lose their whole Debts; as appears in the several Cases of Browne against Clark, and others; and Sir Raresby, against the said Eliz. Dixon and Child: So that, upon the whole Alatter, the Committee were of Opinion, That the Quakers ought to be relieved according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

And a Alotion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of the People called Quakers, according to the said Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of John How, Gentleman, late Mayor of the City of Carlisle, Robert Jackson, and son, Aldermen of the said City, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege by them committed against Christopher Musgrave, Esquire, a Alember of this House; on Behalf of theifiselves, and of Robert Jackson junior, Tho. Jackson, and Edward Monckhouse; was read: Whereby they acknowledged their Offence; and begged Pardon of the House for the same; and prayed to be discharged.

Ordered, That the said John How, Robert Jackson,

4° Willielmi ct Alariav

Prayers.

MR. Granvile presented to the House a Bill for the Raisin?

more easy Raising of Seamen for their Alajeslies Seamen. Service.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second' time.

A Petition of John Lake, John Raze son, and John Privilege — Nuns, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach Petition j>< n» of Privilege by them committed against Sir John Bland, ,n

Baronet, a Alember of this House', was read Whereby CUi they acknowledged their Offence; and beggedTardon of the House for the same; and prayed to Be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Persons be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Aloming, ini order to their Discharge.

Air. Serjeant Trenehard reported from the Committee Convex to whom the Bill for the granting a longer Term of Years Lights, to the Partners concerned in the Convex Lights, was committed;.That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they bad directed him to report to the House:

And which-he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards- delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor,"Aldermen, and Com- Ditto, mon Council of the City of London, was read; setting forth. That therenow being a' Bill depending in the House, intituled, a Bill for granting a longer Term to the Partners concerned in the -Convex Lights, that the said City will be greatly concerned in' the Consequences thereof; and praying to be heard, by their Counsel, touching such Alatters as they have to offer, in Behalf of the said City, relating to the said BiH.

Ordered, That the said Bill be referred back to the Committee to whom the same w as committed, in order to their 18 - 'considering

W.M. 6° — 70 — 8° Decembris. 735

considering the said Petition only; and that they do report their Opinions therein to the House: And that Sir John Manxcaring, Mr. Papillion, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Ben.

\ land, Sir Jos.Herne, Mr. West be added to the said

Committee: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

Woolen Ordered, That the Bill for continuing Part of an Act of

Manufacture. Parliament made in the First Year of their Majesties Ileign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures, be read the Second time upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Supply. Then the House, according to the Order of the Day,

resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred: and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Where, upon their Knees, they received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said John Rmcsoti and Nunns be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees.

And the House being informed, That John Lake, who was also in Custody, was sick, and could not. be 'brought UPJ

Ordered, That the said John Lake be discharged, paying his Fees.

Then John How, Gentleman, late Mayor of Carlisle,

Robert Jackson, and William Nicholson, Aldermen of the said City, were, accordifrg to Order, brought to the Bar, by the Serjeant at Arms: Where, upon their Knees, they received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said John Haw, Robert Jackson, and ^JVletnbef^ Wm. Nicholson, be, for the present, discharged out of ^s^ed Custody, paying their Fees; Mr. Speaker, by Direction Freedom of of the House, acquainting them, That the House ex- Carlisle City, pected, That C/iristofcr Musgrave Esquire Should forthwith be restored to his Freedom in that City.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Considera- Merchant tien of the Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Adventurers. Gloucester is referred, have Power to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records: And that Mr. and Mr.

Goldwell be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bridgwater Elections and Privileges, touching the Election for the Election. Borough of Bridgwater, be made upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Committers. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then 'the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 7*

4* Gulielmi ct Marias.

Crown Cilice ti yr R. Hutchinson presented to the House a Bill to re-lVocccdings. p\(£ gidate Proceedings in the Crown Office of the King's Bench at Westminster.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, East India resolved itself into a.Committee of the whole House, to Company, consider of further Heads for a Bill lor preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Smith reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Matter to them referred; and had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Saturday Morning next, after the Report, touching the Election for Bridgwater, is over.

Importing A Bill for the Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Throw'll Silk over Land, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Papillion, Mr. Arnold, Sir Sam. Bernadist. ., Sir Andrezves, Mr. Sir

Sam. Dashwood, Mr. Slater, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Christie, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gold-well, Mr. Perry, Sir Walt. Young, Mr. Waller, Mr.

Air. Biddulph, Mr. How, Mr. Clark, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bromley, Mr. WillmotSir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Foley, Sir John Key, Mr. Mountague, Sir Honyxvood, Mr. England, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Fuller, Sir Robert Sir Robert Cotton, Air.

Roberts, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Pelham, Sir Tho. Roberts, Air.

Dowdszveil, Sir John DorrelSir John Sir

Peter Col/iton, Sir Tho. Bemardiston, Mr. Harley, Mr. Beddingfeild, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Chadxcick, Mr. May, Mr. Morris, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Rushout: -And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the several Petitions of the Company of Silkthrowers, London, and of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, which were formerly presented to the House, and read, and lie on the Table, be referred to the said Committee.

Privilege — Then John Rawson and John Nunns were, according Persons ihs- Order, brought, by the Serjeant at Arms, to the Bar:

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till To:morrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 8* die

4° Willielmi ct Marite.

Prayers.

clutrgeci from ustody.

Yql. x.

ABIL L for the more speedy and effectual furnishing obtaining their Majesties Navy, and Merchants Ships,* with Seamen. Seamen, was read the Second time: And also

A Bill for the more easy raising Seamen for their Raising Majesties Service, was read the Second time. Seamen.

Resolved, That both the said Bills be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Admiral Russell, Mr. Blcrw-feitd, Major Vincent, Mr. Onslmce, Alajor Perry, Mr. Johnson, Sir John Guise, Mr. Boscowen, Mr. Cooke,

Sir John Lord her, Mr. Papillion, Sir Robert Rich,

Air. Travers, Mr. Crawford, All*. Price, Sir Richard Hart, Mr. Bromley, Lord P owlet, Sir Peter Colli ton, All*. Goldwell, Sir Jervas Elwes, Sir Ralph Carr, Lord Falkland, Colonel Granville, Sir John Moreton, Sir Hen.

Johnson, Mr. Clerke, Sir Math. An Colonel Austin, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. England, Mr. Fuller, Sir S. Bernar-dislon, Mr. Christy, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Air.

Gzcyn, Mr. Chadwick, Colonel Churchill, Sir Rich.

Onslow, Mr. Ryder, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Palmes, Air.

Pelham,

The

Chaplain.

Woolen

Manufacture.

City of London Revenues, &c#

Exporting Gold and biker.

736

8° — 90 De

A. 1692.

Pelham, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Arnold, Sir Francis Drake, and all the Members that serve for the Port Towns and Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do humbly put his Majesty in mind of the several Addresses of this House, in the several Sessions of this Parliament, on the Behalf of Doctor Manningham, Chaplain to their Majesties, and also Chaplain to this House, That his Majesty would graciously please to confer on him the next Prebend of Westminster, or Windsor, that Should fall; Dr. the Dean of

Winchester, and also a Prebend of Windsor, being lately dead.

A Petition of divers English Merchants was presented to the Hoilse; and read; setting forth, That, there being a Bill brought into the House for the free Exportation of the Woolen Manufactures of this Nation, the Petitioners hope to make it appear, That the said Bill will be very prejudicial to the Interest of this Nation in general; and particularly it will remove the Trade out of the Hands of English Merchants into the Hands of Foreigners; it will impoverish the Clothing Countries; and not only lessen, but endanger the total Loss of the said Manufacture to England, and the great Privileges that have been, and may be acquired abroad in and by a regulated Way of Trade: Whereof every English Merchant may have the Benefit: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Bill for the Continuing of Part of the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Iteign, for preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom, be read a Second time.

A Petition of Susanna Battely, and others, Creditors of the Hamhrough Company, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Company is indebted to the Petitioners, upon Bond, for Monies lent them, above Sixty thousand Pounds, besides Interest, for several Years; and the Petitioners have often demanded the said Monies, or the Interest thereof, for their present Support; but the Company have refused to pay it, well knowing, that the Petitioners can have no Remedy at Law against them, they having removed their Common Seal and Effects to: That, for

want of the said Monies, several of the Petitioners are reduced to great Want, and some are kept by the Parish where they live: That, for several Years last past, the said Company have received, by a small Duty on the Woolen Manufactures exported to Hambrough, and Parts adjacent, at least One thousand Five hundred Pounds per Annum; which the Petitioners hoped would have been distributed amongst them in Part of their Interest; but they have not received One Peny: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to apply the Monies, so collected, towards Payment of their said Debt.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the said Bill be read a Second time.

Sir William Turner, according to Order, presented to the House a State of the Revenues of the City of London, and of the Offices in the Disposal of the Lord Mayor and Sheriff's, and of the Charge of their Government; and delivered the same in at the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London, touching the Orphans of the said City.

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of tire House, in the mean time.

Sir Richard Temple presented to the House a Bill to prevent the Exportation of Gold and Silver, and melting down the Coin of this Realm.

The Bill was read the First time.

Jlcsolved, That the Bill bfe read a Second time.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Advice t<* resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to llie Kiu^* consider further of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby his Majesty desires the Advice of tins House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis Winningtontook the Chair ,of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby his Majesty desires the Advice of this House.

Ordered, That all 'Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 9° die Decembris;

4° Willielmi et Mariaj.

Praters.

ABILL for the Naturalization of Henry and Sheibell's,

John Waldec-k,was presented to the House; and &c- b'at*

read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent the Decay of Trajde in Cities, Cor- Trade in porations, and Market Tow ns, was read the Second Cities, See. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Barker, Sir John Knight, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Clarke, Mr. dulph, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Nicholas, Mr.

Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Ash,

Mr. Cloldwell, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Done, Mr. Sir John

Key, Mr. Hoskins, Mr. Holt, Colonel Deane, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Burdett, Mr. How, Mr. Palmes, Air.

Christie, Mr. Foley, Mr. Price, Mr. Air.

Blowfeild,. Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Bockenham, Sir Cfir. Musgrave, Sir Walter Young, Air,

Lloyd, Sir Franc. Masham, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Waller, Sir

Franc.. Guibon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Slater, Mr. Milton, Sir Richard Hart, Mr. Wilmott, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir

Clarke, Mr. Tithey. Air. England, Sir Fran. Drake, Lord

Sherrard, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Wyndham, Colonel Godfrey, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Carter, Mr. Sherrard,

Air. Fenwick, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Tre-lawney, Mr. Pracd, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Pmdarvis, Alr-Scobell: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Alaster, Wardens, and Assistants of Dico. the Company of Poulterers, London, was presented to the House, anti read; setting forth, That there are above Five hundred Families of their Trade, in the City of London and Westminster, who pay all Parish Duties, and other Taxes; and are equally useful, with other Traders, in the Support of the Government: But the Petitioners, of late are much undermined by Hawkers, who often furnish themselves with unwholesome Goods, and sell them from House to House, to the Discouragement of the Alarkets in and about the said Cities, the Ruin of the Petitioners, and the Infecting their Majesties Subjects: That there being a Bill brought into the House, to prevent the Decay of Trade in Corporations and Market Towns, by which many oilier Traders are like to be freed from tire Inconvenience which the Petitioners now lie under, and praying, That they may be inserted in the same Bill, to have equal Relief with other Traders within the said Cities only.

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

Popham ' Estate,

Disposition by Will in York.

Expiring

Laws.

Soppty.

Woolea

Manufacture.

Committees.

Bay n tun's Will.

4 W. & M. 9 — 10° Decembris. Til

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Alexander Popham, Esquire, a Member of this House, to settle a Jointure upon his Wife, and make Provision for younger Children, upon Receipt of Twelve thousand Pounds Portion, which is to be applied for Payment of his Debts.

Sir Christopher Musgrave, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill, That the Inhabitants of the Province of York may dispose of their personal Estates by their Wills, notwithstanding the Custom of that Province. And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Godolphin, Sir John Dorrell, Sir John Guise, Sir Wall. Young, Mr. Palmes, Sir Ro. kinson, be added to the Committee who are appointed to inspect w hat Laws are lately expired and expiring, and what Laws are fit to be revived, and further continued.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they had directed him to repoit to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing Part of the Act of Parliament made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures, be read upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Sabbati, 10* die Decembris',

4* Willielmi et Marias.

Praters.

A PETITION of Tho. Bayntun, and others, was read; setting forth, That Mr. Henry Bayntun, having, by reason of a Purchase by him made of Sir Edward Hungerford, and otherwise, mortgaged the Estate so purchased, and the Manors of Brenifiill and Bromhall Bayntun, for Forty-two thousand Pounds; and being indebted to the Petitioners Twenty-two thousand Pounds, by Bonds, Judgments,; in June 1691 made his Will; and devised the Estate, by him purchased of Sir Edicard Hungerford, to Sir Edm. and

Walter Grubb, Esquire, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts; and devised the said Manors of Bremhill and Bromhall Bayntun to his Son John, subject the Payment of his Debts and Legacies: That the present Rents and Profits of the said Manors being not sufficient to pay the Interest of the said Mortgage Money, by One thousand Pounds per Annum, the same consisting in Reversions; which, if presently sold, may be sufficient to discharge the Debts, with a Surplus for the said John Bayntun; which, otherwise, will be swallowed up, and the Creditors unsatisfied: That the Petitioners exhibited their Bill in Chancery, to have a speedy Execution of the said Trust; which was decreed accordingly: And that Mr. Bayntun, on his Marriage with the Lady Ann Wilmhaving settled on her

above Three thousand Pounds per Annum for a Jointure,

Vr v

OJ.. A.

and the Equity of- Redemption of the said-Manors of Bromhill and Bromhall Bayntun’, and, Mr. Bayntun being an Infant, the Trust created by the Testator cannot be speedily performed: And praying Leave to brine in a Bill for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the said Trust.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, acr cording to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Mr. Gwyn, according to Order, presented to the House Popharo'i a Bill to enable Alexander Popham, Esquire, to settle a Estate. Jointure upon his Wife, and make Provision for younger Children, upon Receipt of Twelve thousand Pounds Portion, which is to be applied for Payment of his Debts. And it was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read on Monday Morning next

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Francklyn Butter and and Sir John Hoskins; Cheese

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Trade.

An Act for preventing Abuses committed by the Searchers and Weighers of Butter and Cheese: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Attorney General, according to the Order of the Supply. Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply, to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, the several Resolutions which they had agreed upon; and which they had directed him tel report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were once read throughout; and are as followeth;

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Twenty thousand Men, Part of the Number of the Land Forces mentioned in the List delivered in to the

House, are necessary to be continued in for the

Year 1693, for the Security of this Kingdom.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Thirty-four thousand Five hundred and Sixty-two Men, other Part of the Land Forces according to the 1 List delivered in to the House, are necessary for the Service of the Year 1693, to be employed abroad.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Pay for the General of the Foot, and General of the Horse, for the Service of the Year 1693, be Six Pounds per diem each.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Pay for Five Lieutenant Generals, for the Service of the Year 1693, be Four Pounds per diem each.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Pay for Five Major Generals, for the Service of the Year 1693, be Forty Shillings per diem each.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Pay for Ten Brigadiers, for the Service of the Year 1693, be Thirty Shillings per diem each.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Pay for Two Adjutant Generals, for the Service of the Year 1693, be Twenty Shillings per diem each.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Pay for the Quarter Master General, for the Service of the Year 1693, be Twenty Shillings per diem; and, for his Two Assistants, Ten Shillings per diem each.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Pay for the Paymaster General for the Service of the Year 1693, be Twenty Shillings per diem.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Pay for the Commissary General of the Musters, for the Service of the Year 1693, for himself and Deputies,' be Seven Pounds Niue Shillings and Four-pence per diem.

n. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Pay for the Judge Advocate, for himself

9 A and

738 io Decembris. . 1603.

and Deputies, for the Service of the Year 1693, be One Pound Twelve Shillings and Six-pence diem.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Pay for the Secretary at War, for the Service of the Year 1693, be Twenty Shillings per diem.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Pay for the Physician General, for the Service of the Year 1693, be leu Shillings

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Pay for the Surgeon General, for the Service of the Year 1693, be Ten Shillings per diem.

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Pay for the Apothecary General, for the Service of the Year 1693, be Ten Shillings per diem.

16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Pay for the Provost Marshal, for the Service of the Year 1693, be Eight Shillings per diem for himself; and, for Twenty-four Men, Three Shillings per diem each.

17. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two hundred and Ten thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Four Shillings and Five-pence be the extraordinary Charge of the Office of Ordnance, in relation to the Land Service for the Year 1693.

18. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds be allowed for the Transport Service for the Year 1693; and, if the whole Sum be not employed in that Year’s Service, the Remainder to be applied towards discharging the Debts now owing for Transport Service.

19. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds be allowed for Hospitals, Contingencies, and other extraordinary Charges of the War for the Year 1693.

20. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That the Pay of the General Officers of the Danes, for the Service of the Year 1693, be the Sum of Two thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings.

21. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Pay for Horse, Dragoons, and Foot (according to the List delivered in to the House), for the Service of the Y.ear 1693, be the Sum of One Million Four hundred Forty-eight thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two Pounds Six Shillings and Seven-pence.

And the said Resolutions, being read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Attorney General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That the Committee may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

And the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Ninety thousand Five hundred Sixty-three Pounds Nineteen Shillings arid Six-pence, be granted to their Majesties, for the Charge of the Land Forces for the Service of the Year 1C03, including the extraordinary Charge of the Office of Ordnance, in relation to the Land Service and the Charge of the Transports, Hospitals, Contingencies, and other extraordinary Charges of the War.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, riot exceeding Two Millions Ninety thousand Five hundred Sixty-three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six-pence, be granted to their Majesties for the Charge of the Land Forces for the Service of the Year 1693, including the extraordinary Charge of the Office of Ordnance, in relation to the Land Service, and the Charge of the Transports, Hospitals, Contingencies, and other extraordinary Charges of the War.

Resolved, That this I louse will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Douse, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to whom the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Bridguater in the County of was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee:* The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, in W riting; W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Mr. John Gardner, complaining of an undue Return of Robert Balch, Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Bridgxeater in the County of Somei'sett;

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in such Persons as paid Scotland Lot, inhabiting within the said Borough.

Mr. Balch had Eighty-four) , T

Mr. Gardner had Eighty J 0,ces*

But, at the End of the Poll taken by the Petitioner’s Clerk, there were Seven Voices put down; which (though not allowed by the Mayor, Mr. Gardner insisted) were qualified to vote; Six of which voted for him; and would make the Numbers thus; viz.

For Mr. Balch, - - - 85.

For Mr. Gardner, - - - 86.

That Mr. Gardner first proceeded to disqualify some of Mr. Balch's Voters; and first excepted to John Trott, as not in the Poor’s Book: But it was proved, by Mr. Hoar, that he had, before the Election, married one

Roberts's Widow, who was in the Poors Book, and had an Estate.

In the next Place, Mr. Gardner excepted to John Webber', and produced the Outlawry Book; whereby it appeared lie stood outlawed by Mesne Process, at the Suit of Dorothy Crosse, for Two hundred Pounds Debt, ever since Trinity Term 2* Jac. IP*: But it was said the Debt was paid, and was pardoned, by the general Pardon.

That Mr. William Coleman said, That that polled for Mr. Balch, was rated only for an Estate that was his Sister's; and ordered, by the Mayor, to be struck out: But

That Mr. Bicknell said. That he was possessed lately of an Estate by an Administration of the Goods of one Robert Symonds, deceased.

That Mr. Coleman said, That Edmond Raymond, another of Mr. Batch's Voters, had no Estate; and was ordered, by the Mayor, to be struck out of the Poll.

On the other Side, Edmond Raymond was-shewed to be in the Poors Book: And Mr. Hoar said, That he did live within the Confines of the ancient Borough, and had an Estate within the Corporation, and was rated to the Poor of the Parish of the Borough.

Exception was also taken to Offield junior, w ho voted for Mr. Batch, as having personated his Father: But it appeared, by the Testimony of Mr. That he

had the Estate, and not his Father.

That Mr. Chance said, he had promised Mr. Gardner to vote for him; but, Mr. Gardner owing him some Money for a Reckoning, Mr. an Agent lor

Mr. Batch, engaged to see him paid, and so prevailed with him to vote for Mr. Balch.

On

Bridgwater

Lleciion.

4 W. <£> M. i o° Decembris. 739

On the other Side;

That Mr. Popham testified, That he was at Chance's

House; and asked him, if he was engaged for Mr. Gardner; and that he told him, he was not; but that Mr. Gardners People had drank Four Pounds Fifteen Shillings; and he was afraid he Should lose his Money; and that he only told him, that Mr. Gardner and his People were liable to pay it; and he would assist him in the Getting of it.

Mr. Hoar testified the same; and that Chance had ordered an Attorney to recover the Debt.

That Pj/m said, He had a Vote; but that he met Denham, who would not let him alone, till he came to Mr. Batch's; and Mr. Batch promised, that he Should be

Struck out of the Poors Book, if he staid; and that he would give him a Life in his Tenement; otherwise he had gone and voted for Mr. Gardner: But

That Denham said, That he met Pym in the Street; and that he told him, he was willing to vote for Mr. Batch; and desired he might be secured from the Importunity of Mr. Gardner's People; and thereupon he carried him to Mr. Batch's House; but he was under no Restraint: And Mr. Popham testified also to that Effect; and that, at the Time of the Election his Tenement was full-staved.

Then the Petitioner proceeded to make good the Votes refused by the Mayor.

And it appeared, That Mr. John that voted for

Mr. Gardner, and was so refused, had Two Tenements in the Town: That he paid King’s Taxes; but could not say, that he paid to Church and Poor; was about Twenty-two Years of Age, an Apprentice, and lived with his Sister.

That Mr. Coleman also said, That William an-

otherof Mr. Gardners refused V oters, was a greatMerchant in the Borough, and paid all other Taxes; but could not say, that he paid to Church and Poor: But, as to that,

Mr. Hoar, for the Petitioner, answered, and said, That one Gatcomb, that voted for Mr. Batch, was under the same Circumstances with Alloivay; and both waved by Consent.

That Mr. Coleman said, That though John another of Mr. Gardner's refused Voters, was not upon the Poors Rate, yet he kept a Shop, and drove a Trade, and had a House of Freehold:

And further, That Thomas since deceased, had

an Estate of Five Pounds or Six Pounds a Year, and paid to all other Taxes but Church and Poor: But, to that,

That Mr. Hoarc answered, That Luffe was a poor Man, and attended the Masons to get a Livelihood, notwithstanding his Freehold: And that John Mills was under Age.

That Mr. Coleman said, That another of

Mr.Gardner's refused Voters, was upon the Poors Rates.

That Mr. Hoar answered, That, at the time of the Election, he delared, That, though he was upon the Poors Rate, he had not paid for Three Years before: And that he received of the Parish Anno 1689: And that he owned, that he had sold his Estate to one Thomas Christopher Three Years before.

That Mr. Coleman said further, That Char. Bell, the Day before the Election, married Elizabeth Seward who was upon the Poors Rate. As to that,

That Mr. Bicknell said, He had been tp inquire touching the Marriage: And that the Minister told him. He knew w hat he came for; and he Should not see the Book till his Clerk had done something to it For the Sitting Member was also called

Richard Stradling:Who said, He was at the Election, and had promised Mr. Batch; but had seven or Eight Messengers from Mr. Gardner: And that Mr. Gardner had sent him, by Mr. Coleman, One Shilling, and One Shilling and Six-pence for a Brace of Birds; and had promised him, that he Should make his Biscuit; and kept him locked up.

That Rich.Drake said, That he heard Organ, one of Mr. Gardner's Voters declare, he could have Five Pounds Vol. X.

of Mr. Gardner:And that he heard Mr. Gardner promise Bridgwater

him Money. Election.

That Baker said, That Mr. Gardner, witerMr.Batch's

Election was over, gave one Mr. Wogy a Guinea, and desired him to spend it amongst his Friends; and said, If there was another Election, he hoped he would vote for him.

That Nath. Gilpin said, Lawrence Bryan had promised to vote for Mr. Batch; but was taken off by Mr. Gardner's promising to take his eldest Son.

That Win. manchepp Pleyar and told him, they

voted for Mr. Gardner; because he had promised to bring their Brothers from beyond Sea.

That Mr. Hoar said, That Tremaine (one of Mr. Gardner's Voters) his Sister owned the House was her’s, and paid all Taxes.

That Haider, another of his Voters, had no Estate: But

That Mr. Palmer said, he was a Butcher, and had a good Trade, and was liable to be rated for That.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to a Resolution: Which Mr. Serjeant Trenchard read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Robert Batch, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgwater in the County of Somersett.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Robert Batch, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgwater in the County of Somersett.

Mr.Serjeant7rewcAard also reported from the said Com- Privilege, mittee to whom the Matter upon the Complaint of the Breach of Privilege against Francis Lloyd, Esquire, aMena-

ber of this House, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, in Writing:

W’here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon Examination of the Mailer of the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege committed by Daniell Price and Henry Williams, in arresting Roderick Powell, a Servant of Francis Lloyd, Esquire;

That Mr. Lloyd produced one William Williams, his Servant: Who said, he knew Roderick Powell to be Mr.

Lloyd's Servant; and that he received his Rents, set his Lands, and disposed of his Cattle.

And, being cross-examined by the Petitioners, did say.

That Roderick Powell lived at Kilmurray in the County of Brecon, which is Twenty Miles distance from Ludlow,

Mr. Lloyd's usual Residence: He said, Mr. Lloyd had another Servant, one Ambrose Williams, to look after his Estate, which lies the next Parish to Kilmurray; but, the said Williams not being able to write or read, Roderick Powell was to act there for him also, and assisted Williams, and received of Mr. Lloyd Four Pounds a Year; viz.

Forty Shillings a Year for looking after the Estate of Mr.

Lloyd, and Forty Shillings a Year for looking after. the Estate of Mr. Price.

It was also said, That Roderick Poa ell was, by the Will of Rice Price, made Trustee for an Estate, which he died seised and possessed of at Kilmurray: And they produced the Will of Rice Price, whereby he was so made Trustee, and was appointed to have Five Pounds a Year Salary, and his Diet at Kilmurray: And it was further said, That ' the said Roderick Powell was sued for Goods received by the said Powell of the Petitioner Price, for the Interment of the said Rice Price: And that Powell had assigned his Trust to Mr. Lloyd.

The Petitioners insisted, That Roderick Powell could not be presumed to be Mr. Lloyd's Servant, living at that Distaq^e from his Mansion-house: and Henry Williams endeavoured to excuse himself, as beingUnder Sheriff, and bound to execute the King’s Process; and produced the

Q

Fast India Trade,

740 10 — i'a# D. 1691.

Capias ad satisfaciend’,whereby was taken in

Execution.

On the other Side;

It was proved by the said William , That he was

sent by Mr. Lloyd his Master to acquaint the Petitioners Price and Williams, That Roder was his Servant;

and to desire them that they would discharge him, which they refused to do.

That thereupon the Committee came to the Resolution following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Daniell Price and Henry Wi in arresting Rode-

rick Pmcell, a Servant of Francis Lloyd, Esquire, a Member of the House of Commons, during the Time Privilege of Parliament, are guilty of a Breach of Privilege of the House.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Daniell Price and Williams, in arresting Roderick Pmcell, a Servant of Francis Lloyd, Esquire, a Member of this House, during the Time of Privilege of Parliament, are- guilty of a Breach of Privilege of the House.

Mr. Smith, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Heads for a Bill for preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had agreed upon; and had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and are as followeth; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the East India Trade be carried on by a Joint Stock.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not less than One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, and not exceeding Two Millions, is a Fund necessary to carry on the East India Trade.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Joint Stock of a Company to trade to the East Indies be for Twenty-6ne Years, and no longer.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Joint Stock of a Company to trade to the East Indies be made by new Subscriptions.

5. Resolved, That no one Person shall subscribe less than One hundred Pounds, or aboveTen thousand Pounds, to the Joint Stock of a Company to trade to the East Indies: And the Persons so subscribing shall pay down One Third Part of the Sum subscribed, at the Time of such Subscription.

6. Resolved, That every Person, having a Stock of Five hundred Pounds in the Company to trade to the East Indies, have one Vote.

7. Resolved, That no Person, whatsoever his Stock be, shall have above one Vote.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person shall be elected to beGovemorof the Company to trade to the East Indies, who shall have less than Five thousand Pounds in the Stock of such Company.

g. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person shall be elected Deputy Governor, or of the Committee of the Company to trade to the East Indies, who shall have less than One thousand Pounds in the Stock of such Company.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Company to trade to the East Indies shall be obliged to export every Year, in their Trade, Goods being of the Growth and Manufacture of this Nation, to the Value of One hundred thousand Pounds, at least.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no private Contracts shall be made; but all Goods be sold at publick Sales, by Inch of Candle, for the Use of the Company, except Saltpetre for the Use of the Crown.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Company be obliged to sell the King yearly Five hundred Ton of Saltpetre refined (the Refraction not to exceed Five Pounds per Cent, out of One hundred and Twelve Pounds), at Thirty-five Pounds-per Ton.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Foreigner shall have any Interest in the Stock, or shall be employed in the Company's Service abroad.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Contract for transferring any Stock in the East India Company, which is not- executed within One

- Week, shall be gobd in I.aw; nor unless the Person con-r tracting had then so much Stock in the Company, in his own Name, as he shall contract for.

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Lot, exceeding Five hundred Pounds, shall be put up at One time, except Jewels.

16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That allDividends shall be made in Money; and that none be made, without leaving the original Stock entire.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, one by one, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Smith also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That a Bill may be brought in, upon the said Resolution^.

Ordered, That the Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Smith do prepare and bring in the same.

Mr. Solicitor General, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the better Preservation of their Majesties Sacred Persons and Government . The Bill was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Lord Hyde, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Butler, be added to the Committee to whom the several Bills for furnishing and raising Seamen for their Majesties Navy, and Merchants Ships, was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle and Mr. be added tQ

the Committee to whom the Bill for granting a further Term of Years to the Partners concerned in the Convex Lights, was committed.

Ordered, That Sin/os. Herne and Mr. Bmcyer, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Thrown Silk over Land, was committed.

Ordered, That every Member, presenting any Bill or Petition to this House, do go, from his Place, down to the Bar of the House, and bring the same-up from thenoe to the Table.

Ordered, That John Thomas, a Madman, who this Day pressed into the House, be sent to Sir William Turner, President of Bridewell and Bedlam Hospitals: Who is desired to take care that he be put into Bedlam.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clo'ck.

Lume, 12’ di;

4° Willielmi et Maria.*.

'.Prayers.

AP E!T ITIO N of Sir George Brmcne, Baronet, an Infant, by Dame Elis. Brown his Mother, was read; setting forth, That Sir A nth. Brozcne, deceased, - being seised of a smallEstate inPossession, not One hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum, which he hvd mortgaged for Six hundred Pounds, and contracted other Debts to about Six hundred and Thirty-five Pounds Value; in 1688he

made his Will, and-thereby gave his Three Sisters Twelve

17 hundred

Preservation of their Majesties.

Obtaining’ Seamen, Uu

Convex

Lights.

Importing Silk.

Manner of

presenting Bills, Peti-titions, &c«

Order for care of a Madman.

Browne’s

Will.

Popham's

Estate.

Privilege of Members in Suit#.

WooleH

Manufacture.

12® Decembrts.

74*.

hundred Pounds, and some other Legacies, and settled the Estate on the Petitioner, subject to his Debts and Legacies: That his Personal Estate was but Two hundred Thirty-two Pounds, which the Creditors immediately received: and the Creditors and Legatees exhibited their Bill in Chancery against the Petitioner, and others; and obtained a Decree for Satisfaction of their Debts; wherewith the Petitioner is contented: And it being by all the Family adjudged most beneficial for the Petitioner, and his Sisters, that the Reversion and Inheritance of a Farm called Biddesden may be sold, and some other Estates leased out; which, by reason of the Petitioner’s Infancy, cannot be performed, and praying Leave, that a Bill may be brought in, for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the Will of the said Sir Anth. Browne, and of the said Decree in Chancery thereupon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Bill to enable Alexander Popham, Esquire, to settle a Jointure upon his Wife, and make Provision for younger Children, upon Receipt of Twelve thousand Pounds Portion, which is to be applied for Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider how the Privileges of the Members of this House, in relation to Suits in Law and Equity, may be regulated and limited; and to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Haw, Sir John Mr.

Smith, Mr. ‘Mountague, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Mr.

Clark, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Musgrave, Mr. Price,

Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Hungerfor Mr. Hutchinson Mr.

Granville, Sir Fr. Winington, Mr. Christy,

Mr. IValler, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Fenwick, Sir John Sir TVm. Ffonyxcood, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Boscowen,

Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. TVharton, Mr. Mr,

Wilmott, Mr. Harley, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Mr.

Burdett, Sir John Guise, Mr, Mr. Harcaurt, Sir

John Dorrell, Mr. England, Mr. Ogle: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are to sit de die diem: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers and Records.

A Bill for continuing Part of the Act of Parliament made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures, was read the Second time; according to the Order of the Day.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Walter Young, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Clarke, Colonel Mr.

Thomhaugh, Mr. Holt, Mr. Stretford, Colonel wayes, Mr. Colt, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir Ro.

Mr. Carter, Mr. Cook, Sir Peter Collilon, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr, Sherrard, Mr. Boscowen, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Palmes, Sir Edzcard Seymour, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Bayle, Sir

John Guise, Mr. Bockenham, Sir Dutton, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Waller, S'irWilliam Strickland, ColonelDeowe,

Mr. Burridge, Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Wyndham, Colonel Perry, Sir Ro. Dashwood, Mr. Freke, Mr. Bulkley, Afr. Ogle, Mr. Morris, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Sand ford, Colonel Webb, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Rich.Hart, Sir Ro. Rich, Mr. Brewer, Sir Fr. Blake, Mr. Christy, Mr. Burdett, Sir Jos. Heme, Mr. England, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Harley, Mr. Fawkes, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Key, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Baicyer, Mr. Greenfield, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Norries, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Palmer, Mr. St. John, Serjeant Trenchard, Lord Fairfax: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the several Petitions of divers English Merchants, and others, in and of the City of London; and also of Susanna Battely, and others, Creditors of the Hamborough Company (which were Y01. X.

formerly presented to the House, and lay upon the Table, till the said Bill was read a Second time), be referred also to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Gloucester, which was formerly referred to the Consideration of a particular Committee, be transferred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Petition of the Gentlemen Clothiers and Clothworkers Broad Cloth on Behalf of themselves, and others the Inhabitants within Manufactur*. the West Riding of the County of Ywas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since the Expiration of an Act made 13* <§ 14° Car. 11% intituled,

An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of broad Woolen Cloth-within the West Riding of the County of York, divers Abuses are practised in the said Manufacture; viz. Stretching, evil Alixtures, and bad Alaking; to the great debasing thereof, both at home and abroad; and divers other Alischiefs are. daily increased, which tend very much, if not altogether, to the utter Ruin of the said Manufacture: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to revive the said Act, with some Amendments.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Petition of Daniell Price and Henry Williams, in Privilege — Custody of the Serjeant at Arms for a Breach of Privilege Petition* committed against Francis Lloyd, Esquire, a Alember of fro p®"on* this House, was read; whereby they acknowledged their Offence, and begged Pardon for the same; and prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Daniell Price and Henry Williams be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Alorning, in order to their Discharge.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Advice t* resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to die King, consider further of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby his Majesty desires the Advice of this House.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Fr.Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Francis Winnington reported, That he was directed Supplying by the said Committee to move the House, That a Com- £rnrv'"d' mittee might be appointed to consider how the Army j ^uce. abroad in their Alejesties Pay may be supplied with Breaa,

Cloaths, and other Provisions, of the Growth of this Kingdom, Xo prevent the Exportation of the Coin thereof.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider how the Army abroad in their Alajcsties Pay may be supplied with Bread, Cloaths, and other Provisions of the Grow th of this Kingdom, to prevent the Exportation of the Coin thereof; and to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Richard Temple, Sir Sam. nardiston, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Bromley, Sir ton, Lord Colchester, Mr. Pelham, Sir Sir Jos. Williamson, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Harley, Air.

Palmes, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Joseph Heme, Air.

Colonel Cornwall, Sir John Knight, Mr. Hill,*Air. Hutchinson, Colonel Perrey, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Papil/ion,

Air. White, Mr. Bertie. Sir Steph. Evans, Sir Cha. Wyndham, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Maine, Air Mr. Thomhaugh, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Colt, Mr. Gwyn, Co lonel Earle, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Lord Castleton, Sir Chr.

Musgrcrce, Sir Cha. Sidley, Mr. Morris, Colonel Godfrey,

All*. Hopkins, Mr. How, Air Scobell, Mr. Bickerstaff e, Sir

Tho. Samcell, Mr. Travers, Mr. Pollen, Sir Win. Ellis,

Air Osborne, Mr. Hungerford, Sir JervasElwes, Sir Clarges, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Herbert, Air.

Ash, Mr. Hedger, Sir John Guys: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock", in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to sit de die in diem.

Sir Francis Wynnivgton also acquainted the House,

That he w as directed by the said Committee to move.

That they may have Leave to sit again.

9 B Resolved,

742

11° — 130 Decembris.

A. 1692.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby his Majesty desires the Advice of this House.

Obtaining Ordered, That Sir Thomas Vernon and Sir -

Seamen, tcc: wood be added to the Committee to whom the several Bills for furnishing and raising Seamen for their Majesties Navy, and Merchant Ships, was committed.

Importing

Silk.

Ordered, That Mr. Sand ford, Mr. be added*

to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Exportation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Thrown Silk over Land, was committed.

Crown Office A Petition of Simon Harcourt, Secondary, Robert Proceedings, yard, Richard Horton, and others, Clerks of the Crown Office, was read; setting forth, That a Bill, intituled, A . Bill to regulate Proceedings in the Crown Office of the King's Bench at Westminster, being presented to the House (some Clauses wherein not only concern the Petitioners Freeholds in the said Office, but also will render the Business of the said Office wholly impracticable, in relation to the Service of the Crown, for which it was originally instituted), and praying, That they may be heard in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the said Bill be read the Second time.

And then the House adjourned till. Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 13* die Decembris;

4* Willielmi et Marias.

Praters.

MR. Clark reported from the Committee to whom the Bill to prevent False and Double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

tVoolen Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for

Manufacture, continuing Part of the Act made In the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Election Re turns.

Bayntun’s

Will.

Mr. Stnith, according to Order, presented to the House, a Bill for the more speedy Execution of the Trust created by the Will of Henry Bayntun, Esquire, deceased. And the same was received.

Disposition A Bill, That the Inhabitants of the Province of York by Will in may dispose of their Personal Estates by their Wills, not-\ ork. withstanding the Custom of that Province, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Chr. Musgrave. Sir William Strickland, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Boyle, Sir John Guise, Mr Thornhaugh, Mr. Lassells, Mr. Hungerjord, Sir Robert Mr Mr. Slater,

Mr.A’o/vw, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Musgrave, Mr Mr, Lampton, Mr. Price, Sir John Moreton, Sir Ra. Carr, Sir Fran. Massam, Sir Jona. Jennings, Mr. Waller, Mr. Slater, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Goldwell, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

16

Matnvaring, Mi-. Waring: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

Then Daniell Price and Henry Williams were, accord- Privilege-ing to Order, brought to the Bar of this House: Where ^er8‘,ns they did, upon their Knees, receive a Reprimand from ji'om custody. Air. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Daniell Price and Henry Williams be discharged out of Prison, paying their Fees.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to re- Justices in peal that Part of the Statute of 34°<§’ 3.50 VIII0, Wales*

by which the Justices of Peace in Wales are limited to Eight in each County.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Allies Cook anti Sir Hawley’* Robert Legard; Estate.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled,

An Act for vesting the Estate, Real and Personal, late of Henry Harvley, in Trustees, to be sold, or otherwise disposed, for the Benefit of his Daughters and Heirs Susanna and Mary, who are both Minors: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir JEdward Hussey presented to the House, a Bill Free Protouching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament,

And the same was received. M "une

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Ways resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to a,ld consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.-

Air. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Com* rnittee, That they had agreed upon a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is aa followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, there be a Pound Rate, of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, charged upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, according to the true yearly Value thereof.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, there be a Pound Rate of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, charged upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, according to the true yearly Value thereof.

Air. Attorney General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move. That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against Fratice.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Alom- London ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Orphan?, of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London, touching the Orphans of the said City.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Eight a Clock.

4 W. & M.

14° Decembris.

743

Popham’s

Estate.

Making

Sea-water

fresh.

Mercurii, 14* Decembris;

4° Gulielmi et Mariae.

A BILL to enable Alexander Esquire, to

settle a Jointure upon his Wife, and to make Provision for younger Children, upon Receipt of Twelve thousand Pounds Portion, to be applied for Payment of his Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gwyn, Sir Richard Hart, Mr. Clietwyn, Lord Mr. Lut-

terell, Mr. Hill, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Lampion, Mr.

Done, Mr. Goldwell, Mr. Sa Sir Robert Davers,

Mr Hide, Mr. Bockenham, Colonel Mr

Mr. Christie, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Cornwall, $\r Robert Cotton, Mr. Price, Mr. Hawtrey, Mr. Sir Ra.

Carr, Mr. How, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Cook, Mr. Burdelt, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Stokes, Sir Jer. Elwes, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Sherrard, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Lassell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of William Walcot, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was the first Inventor of the Art of makingSea-waterfresh and wholsome; Demonstrations whereof he gave to King Charles the Second, who did, in 167.5, grant his Letters Patents to the Petitioner, for the sole Exercise of the said Invention, for Fourteen Years: That Robert Fit z Gerard, Esquire, and others,

about 1O83, procured other Letters Patents, for their sole Exercise of the said Art for Fourteen Years, on Pretence it was their Invention: And, in 1C85, they brought a Bill into the House, for enlarging the said Term; which, if gained, would have endangered the Loss of so useful an Invention: That, in 1690, the Petitioner brought into the House a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid; which, by reason of the Prorogation of that Session, could not be ripened to pass the House: And praying Leave to bring in his Bill to enlarge the Term in his said Patent.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Royal Mines. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for removing Doubts, and preventing Controversies, concerning Royal Mines: And that the King may have the Pre-emption.

Book of Sir John Guise reports from the Committee to whom it

Rates, &c. wag referred to inspect and consider the Book of Rates;

and the Balance of Trade, for the Advantage of this Kingdom; and to report their Opinions therein to the House; That they had considered only the Matter relating to the Trade with France (in regard other Matters would take up longer Time); and had come to several Resolutions concerning the same; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Eight Pounds per Ton, as a new Impost, be laid upon all French Wines, over and above the Duties already charged, in the Book of Rates, or otherwise.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twenty Pounds per Cent, as a new Impost be laid upon all other French Commodities, except Salt, over and above the Duties already charged in the Book of Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a new Impost of Six-pence per Bushel be laid upon all Salt, over and above the Duties already charged in the Book of Rates.

Resolved, That the House be- acquainted, by the Chairman, with the Loss of the Trade of Sea-coal from Newcastle, and the Ports thereunto belonging, to Foreign Parts, Vol. X.

by reason of the great Impositions thereupon; and that the Trade is thereby carried to Scotland; by means of W'hich their Majesties lose considerably in their Customs:

And that the Chairman do thereupon move the House, as the Opinion of this Committee, That Half the Duties now paid may be abated.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous Wai* against France.

A Petition of several Merchants of London, in Behalf Wine Duties, of themselves, and others, trading to Portugall, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners do bring hither great Quantities of Wine from Portugall, in Returns of our Woolen Manufactures of Bays and Stuffs, and Fish and Lead, to the Value of aboveTwo hundred thousand Pounds per Annum’,- which Wines are brought at great Freight and Loss, by Leakage; and pay if brought in English Ships, above Sixteen Pounds per Ton Custom; and, if in -guez Vessels, almost Eighteen Pounds per Ton Custom:

And, if French Wines be admitted to be imported, it will hinder the Exportation of our Woolen Goods, by lessening the Importation of Portugall Wines; unless some considerable Duty be put upon French Wines, and the Duty on Portugall Wines abated: And praying the Considera- ' tien of the House in the Premises; and the rather, for that the King of Portugall, as his Envoy assures us, will take off the Prohibition of our Woolen Cloths, which has been forbid these Ten Years last past.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Waller reported from the Committee to whom the Malicious Bill to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of Informatlon8* King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries, was committed. That they had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which- he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time one by one; and, upon the «Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Smith, according to Order, presented to the House East India a Bill for preserving, regulating and establishing the East I ra^e* India Trade.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Adam Ottley;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Wake’s An Act to enable William Wake, Gentleman, and Estate. liam Wake, Doctor in Divinity, to make Leases for Lives, or Years, within the Manor of Shajncick in the County of Dor sett .-To which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also a Bill, intituled, An Act for the rectifying a Molyneux’s Mistake in a certain Act of this present Parliament, Estate, passed in the Year 1691, intituled, An Act to vest certain Lands of William Molyneux, Gentleman, in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Two thousand Pounds for paying the Portions of his younger Brother and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in the Court of Chancery: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Eyre's Estate of Anth. Eyre, Esquire, deceased, for Payment E»tate* of his Debts, and Portions for his Children: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And

744

And then the Messengers withdrew.

14® — 150 Decembfu.

A. 1692.

reservation Then, according to the Order of the Day, the Bill for of Uteir the better Preservation of their Majesties Sacred Persons Majesties, and Government, was read the Second time.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were so.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be Committed;

The House divided.

The Y eas go forth.

Tene.forU.eY ).75-

Tellers for the }

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

200.

ft&yntun’i

Mill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jarvis, 15* die Decembris;

4® Gulielmi et Marios.

ABILL for the more speedy Execution of the Trust created by the Will of Henry Esquire,

deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importing A Petition of several Merchants of London trading to Silk. Italy, and the Kingdoms of Naples and Sicily, was pre-

sented to the House; and read; setting forth, That there being a Bill now before the House for dispensing with the late Act prohibiting the Importation of Thrown Silk of the said Countries over Land, during the present War: which Bill, if it Should pass into an Act, will great lessen the Exportation of Fish, Tin, Lead, Woolen, and other our Manufactures, into those Parts; and praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, "and Naples Thrown Silk over Land, is committed.

Heir Buttons. A Petition of the Buttonmakers of London, and elsewhere in the Kingdom of England, and others concerned in the same Trade, was read, setting forth, That, by an Act made 14® Car. II", for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Bonelace, Cut-work Buttons, $c. and (inter alia) all Buttons made of Thread or Silk, were prohibited to be imported; Hair Buttons then not being used, and so were left out of the said Act; That, since the said Act, Hair Buttons are generally used and worn, and great Quantities-are daily imported from Foreign Parts; whereby the Buttonmakers Trade is very much decayed, and will in a Short time be totally ruined, their Families impoverished, and must lie upon their several Parishes; and many Thousands of podr People formerly employed are now like to perish for Want of Work; which may be prevented by prohibiting the Importation of all Foreign Buttons: That the Petitioners can and do make better Hair Buttons than any are imported; and are able to supply their Majesties Subjects with more than they can use: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for prohibiting the Importation of all Foreign Buttons whatsoever.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Butter and An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ChaeseTrade. for preventing Abuses committed by the Searchers and Weighers of Butter and Cheese, was read the First time.

And a Debate arising, touching the Second Reading of the said Bill;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Frauds in Packing and Weighing of Butter and Cheese.

Ordered, That Sir William Basset, Mr. Beddingfeild, Trade "» Mr. Trelaxvney, Sir Wm. Turner, Mr. Travers, Mr. Ha-

ster, Mr. Baile, Phillipps, Sir Walt. Clarges, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill to prevent the Decay of Trade in Cities, Corporations, and Market Towns, is committed.

Ordered, That the Bill touching free and impartial Free Pro* Proceedings in Parliament, be read a Second time To- seeding* in morrow Morning. Parliament.

Then the House according to the Order of the Day, Ways and resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean»* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee,-That they had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House:

And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; vis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, there be a Charge of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, upon all Personal Estates (other than Houshold Goods, and Stock upon Land), and upon all Offices and Employments of Profit (other than military Officers in the Army and Navy), according to the true yearly Profit thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, there be a Fund of Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum set apart for the Payment of the Interest of a Million of Money, to be raised by Persons voluntarily paying in that Sum; the Principal paid in, to be sunk; and the Persons paying in the same to receive, during their Lives, their respective Proportions of the said Seventy thousand Pounds, according to the Sums paid in by them, with the Advantage of Survivorship, till all the Lives be determined.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Fund be out of the hereditary Excise, until the Seventeenth Day of May 1697; and afterwards, by an additional Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, according to the Proportions in an Act of the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in case a Million shall not be paid in upon the said Fund before the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1693, the Remainder is to be taken up at Interest not exceeding Seven Pounds perCent. per Annum, and to be paid to the Lenders out of the next Aids to be granted to their Majesties by Parliament.

The said several Resolutions, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the several Resolutions of the House, for the Charge of Four Shillings in the Pound upon Lands and Personal Estates.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the several Resolutions aforesaid, touching the said Fund of Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum.

And

Essex Writ.

Members not to be absent without Leave.

Motions for Leave of Absence.

Call of the House.

Committees.

Eyre*s

Estate.

Hawley'*

Estate.

Pinmakers

Trade.

Free Proceedings in Parliament.

4 W. & M.

And it is referred to Mr. Attorney General, Sir Musgrave, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Clarges, to prepare and bring in the said Bills.

Mr. Attorney General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That the said Committee may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Essex, in the room of Henry Mildmay, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do go out of Town, without Leave first had from the House: And that, in case any Member shall go out of Town without such Leave, that he he sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That no Motion be made for Leave for any Member to go out of Town, but between the Hours of Eleven and One of the Clock.

Ordered, That the House he Called over upon This-day-sevennight.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 16° die;

4° Willielmi ct Marias.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estate of Anthony Eyre, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Portions for his Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate, Real and Personal, of Henry Hawley, in Trustees, to be sold, or otherwise disposed, for the Benefit of his Daughters and Heirs Susanna and Mary, who are Minors, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of Pinmakers, London, was read; setting forth, That the Pinmakers are an ancient Corporation, established by several Charters granted by the Kings of this Realm; and the Manufacture of English Pins were heretofore of great Reputation in Foreign Parts: But, through the deceitful Making of Pins, and the Importation of Foreign Pins, the said Manufacture is like to be lost, and many Families,'who comfortably subsisted, are impoverished and undone: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to confirm their Charter, prohibit the Importation of Foreign Pins, and to enable them more effectually to support the said Trade.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the Said Petition.

A Bill, touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Voj.. X.

745

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Anchitel Grey have leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the BUI for the Aulnage transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage. to the Duty> Custom-house, and giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same, was committed, be revived; and do meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Linendrapers of London, was read; Trade in setting forth, That the Bill now depending in the House, Cities, &c. intituled, a Bill to prevent the Decay of Trade in Cities, Corporations, and Market Towns, if it Should pass into an Act (as it is now drawn), would be prejudicial, not only to the Petitioners, but, as they conceive, to Trade in general: And praying to be heard what they have to offer, before the Passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing the Decay of Trade in Cities, Corporations, and Market Towns, is committed.

Mr. Goldicell presented to the House a Bill for making Disposition a right Disposition of Offices. And of Offices.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for preserving, regulating, and East India establishing the East India Trade, be read the Second Trade* time upon Alonday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Advice to resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the King, consider further of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby his Majesty desires the Advice of this House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis JFinnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Francis Winnington reported from the said Committee, That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock. /

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare panishing and bring in a Bill for the better Regulating and Payment Mutiny and of Quarters, and for punishing Mutineers and Deserters. Desertion.

And it is referred unto Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir John Lawther, Sir Walter Clarges, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Arnold, Lord Beau-

mont, Mr. Bmcyer, Mr. Dyott, Colonel Godfrey, Lord Colchester, Pitts, Lord Ranelaugh, Lord Norris, Sir Wm. Strickland, Colonel Erie, Mr. GreenJeild, Sir Robert

Cotton, Sir John Bromdorw, Sir Walter Raleigh, Lord Pawlett, Mr. Bridges', or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Guibon, Mr. Burdett, Sir Importing

Robert Massam, be added to the Committee to whom Sllk*

the Bill for the Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Thrown Silk over Land, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

9 C

150 — 16° Decembris.

Popham’s ' Estate.

Disposition by Will in York.

Fees in Courts of Justice.

Browne's

Will.

City of London Creditors.

Leave of Absence.

Butter and

Cheese

Trade.

17* — 19 '"Decembrist. 7 1692.

and Weighing of Butter and Cheese. And the same was ‘ Sabbati, 17* dieDecembris’, received.

4° Willielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

MR. Gztyn reported from the Committee to whom the Bill to enable Alexander Esquire, to

settle a Jointure upon his Wife, and to make Provision for younger Children, upon Receipt of Twelve thousand Pounds Portion, to be applied for Payment of his Debts, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered" in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Ways and resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Ivlea"s-consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for- carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House,

That the Committee may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Sir Christopher Musgraxe reported from the Committee to whom the Bill, That the Inhabitants of the Province of York may dispose of their Personal Estates by their Wills, notwithstanding the Custom of that Province, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Advice to whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of that lh<‘ Klno-Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby his Majesty desires the Advice of this House, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Southampton Clerk of the Crowm, to make out a new Writ for the "nt* Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Robert Henley, deceased.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

A Bill for settling and ascertaining the Salaries and Fees to be paid to the Judges and Officers in their Majesties Courts, was read the Second time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It pased in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Mr. Harcourt, according to Order, presented to the

House, a Bill for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the Will of Sir Anthony Browdeceased, and of a De-

cree in Chancery thereupon.. And the same was received,

A Petition of William Goodwynand others, was read;

setting forth, That the Petitioners Guardians put their Money, being One thousand Four hundred Fifty Pounds Principal, in the Chamber of the City of London, at small Interest, concluding it the safest Place; but their Guardians were not obliged to make it good, in case the City Fund failed: That the City Orphans might have kept their Money out, if their Guardians or Trustees would have given Security, that the Money Should not be iinbeziled: And praying (their Circumstances being so very near to the City Orphans), that they may be equally relieved with them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Matter of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commonalty of the City of London, touching the Orphans of the said City, is referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition concerning the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That Sir John Mhave Leave to go

into the Country for a Fortnight, to attend the Burial of a Relation.

Sir Samuel Bernardiston, according to Order, presented to the House, a Bill to prevent the Abuses in Packing

And then, the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 19* die Decembris;

4° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wake’s to enable William Wake, Gentleman, and William Estate. ...'., Doctor of Divinity, to make Leases for Lives, or Years, within the Manor of Shajnvick in the County of Dorsett, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the more speedy and effectual Execution of Brown’# the Will of Sir Anthony Brou n, deceased, and of a Decree Will, in Chancery thereupon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Company of Spectaclemakers w as convex presented to the House,.relating to the Bill for granting Light#, a longer Term to the Partners concerned in the Convex Lights.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be read;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners in the Debtor*

was presented to the House; and read; setting forth, That, ltelicf. by an Act made in the second Year of their now Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, the Petitioners, according to the Tenor of the said Act, have served their several Creditors with Summons, and attended the then next general Quarter Sessions for Surry, in order to be discharged; but the Justices of the Peace for the said County w ould not discharge any Person whom the present Marshal refuses to swear w as in his Custody on the Twenty-eighth Day of November 1690,'

and

Leave of Absence.

Butter and

Cheese

Trade.

Exporting

Copper.

Perjury.

East India Trade.

Convex

Lights.

4 W. £/ M. v 19° Decembers.

'747

and whom the Clerk of the Papers will not swear, that they stand severally charged in the Book of Entries with One hundred Pounds, and not above, which, by the said Act, as advised, he is not required to do; so that the Petitioners being Prisoners in former Marshals Times, the present Marshal pretends he cannot swear for them, though abiding within the Rules, frequently sent for by him, and made to pay large Fees for Chamber Relit,; and thereby the Petitioners are prevented from receiving any Benefit of the said Act: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and they to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred unto Mr. Arnold, Sir Tho.

distort, Mr. Bowyer, Major Perry, Mr. Mr.

England, Sir Jos. Herne, Mr BMr. Clark, Mr.

Biddulph, Mr. Beddingfeild, Mr. Chadwick, Sir Robert

Havers, Sir Phill. Bolder, Mr. Dyolt, Mr. Slater, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Dryden, Mr. WhiMr. Taylor, Mr. chinson, Mr. Gzvyn, Mr. Luttere, Sir Guise, Mr.

Christie, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Burdelt, Mr. Waller, Mr. Willmot, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Holt, Sir Roberts,

Mr. Blozcfeild, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Sir Math.

Sir Rozcland Gzvyn, Mr. Bosccncen, Mr. Colt, Mr. Brown-love, Mr. Cooke: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir James Rushout have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Nath. have Leave to go

into the Country, his Lady being very ill.

A Bill to prevent Abuses in Packing and Weighing of Butter and Cheese, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made for Lc'ave to bring in a Bill to repeal the Statute which prohibits the Exportation of Copper out of this Kingdom;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect and consider of the Statutes which prohibit the Exportation of Copper; and to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Robert Colton, Mr. Boscowen, Sir Robert Dover's, Sir Tho. C/arges, Sir Joseph Herne, Mr. Neale, Sir Sum. Bernadi-ston, Colonel Perry, Sir IVilfredLawson, Sir John Barker, Sir John Dorrell, Sir Ra.Dutton, Mr. Willmot, Mr. Travers, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pcndarvis, Mr. Papillion, Lord Randagh, Sir Edward Chisnall, Mr. Colt, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Pope Blount: And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That a Bill for making Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, in Capital Cases, to be Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A BUI for preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House, upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at 'Pen a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of London, was presented to the House.

And the same relating to the Bill for granting a further Term of Years to the Partners concerned in the Convex Lights;

Vo L. X.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee to whom that Bill was committed, be made. ‘

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, FreeProceed-resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ings in Par-consider of the Bill touching free and impartial Proceed- lament, ings in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edward Hussey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edward Hussey reported from the said Committee,

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House:

Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where they were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Then Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reported from the Com- Convex mittee to whom the Bill for the granting a longer Term Light*, to the Partners concerned in the Convex Lights, was recommitted, in order to the considering the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of London, That the Committee had met, and had heard Counsel on both Sides: And that the Counsel for the Petitioners insisted, That the City of London have, ever since the Reign of King Henry the VI,h, had Power to make, and thereby have made, By Laws, and subjected the Citizens to hang out their Lanthorn Lights, and fining those that Should disobey the same: And, to prove which, divers Acts of their Common Council, in the Reigns of H. VI. //. VIII. Queen Eliz. and King Charles the First, were produced and read: And that, if this Bill pass, the Citizens have a Power to make Agreements with the Partners of the Convex Lights: and thereby will be discharged from those By Laws, under the Umbrage of an Act of Parliament: And that many Inconveniencies will arise by the Continuation of setting up these Convex Lights, and particularly the Danger of those Servants, who are employed to light and snuff the Lamps, that must have the Liberty of coming into, and going about, the Streets of the City at all Hours of the Night; whereby, with their Ladders, they may have frequent Opportunities of robbing and breaking open the Houses. And the Counsel for the Partners admitted the Power the City have, by their By Laws, to enforce the Inhabitants to set up Candles and Lanthorns; and that the Bill does in no measure infringe that Power, giving only a Liberty of setting up the Convex Lights upon the Patentees contracting with the Inhabitants; and no-ways impowers them to invade the Properties of the City, they not , being able to break up any Ground there, without the Leave of the said Corporation: And that the Objection of any Danger to the City, by the Servants employed in the Management of the Lights, has been sufficiently disproved by the Experience of these Five Years past, there not being an Instance of any Robbery, or other Violence, committed by any of the Servants employed by the Patentees; and it is to be hoped, if they were inclinable so to do, the Watch (who are so thick placed about the Streets) would have all imaginable Opportunities of detecting them therein: And that no Contracts whatsoever, made between the Patentees, and any Citizen, for the setting up these Convex Lights, can avoid the Citizens Obedience to the By Laws; but they must, notwithstanding, if the City will oblige them thereto, set up a Candle and Lanthorn: And that the Power in the City to govern their own Citizens does not include a Property to raise any Sum by setting up Lights; but only to impose a Penalty, in case of Disobedience: And it is the Interest of the City, that their By Laws Should be observed; not that they Should be broken.

And

74-8

ip" — 20* Decembris.

A. 1692.

And that thereupon, and upon hearing the whole Matter, the Committee catrie to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Passing of this Bill will be no Prejudice to the Rights and Liberties of the City of London.

Then the said Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of London, this Day presented to the House, was read; setting forth, That, by the ancient Customs of the said City, the Petitioners have the sole Power within themselves to make By Laws for the good Government of the City; and thereby, for some Hundred Years, have obliged all the Citizens and Inhabitants thereof to provide Lights for all the Streets; and have punished the Defaulter by Fines, which have been duly paid.

That one Edward Windns, 36 Car. II", obtained a Patent for the Use of Glass and Lamps, as useful for Ship Lanthorns, Light-houses, and Mines: Which Patent, both by Provisoes therein, and by Law, is void: That,

having assigned to some Persons, they have presented to the House a Bill for the sole Liberty to set up and use, in all publick Places and Streets, such Lights, by the Name of Convex Lights, for a longer Term -than the Letters Patents allow them, exclusive of the Rights of the said City, without their Consent: That such Bill will establish even a Monopoly, and preclude the Petitioners of their ancient Rights and Properties for the sole setting up and regulating all Lights within the said City; which is not only necessary for the Safety of the Said City, but will also raise a certain lasting Fund towards the Relief of the crying Orphans: That the Petitioners, upon their Attendance at the Committee, could not be regularly heard in the Premises aforesaid: And praying, That they may be heard at the Bar of this House, in Behalf of the said City, agairtst the said Bill.

Then the said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Passing the said Bill will be no Prejudice to the Rights and Liberties of the City of London.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question put, That the Petitioners be heard at the Bar, against the passing the said Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be not read the Third time before Eleven a Clock.

Woolen Ordered, That Sir Robert , Sir Edward Hussey,

Manufacture. Sir Robert Davers, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the continuing Part of the Act of the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufacture, is committed.

Committee#. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 20* die Decembris;

4* Gulielmi ct Mari®.

Prayers.

t/£NRYSheibeU, John Hteronimo Henry

Berengbergh, James Walter senior, James

Wtalter Dupaisy junior, Jacob Conen, John Oriot, John Hensch, Andrew Heidtridder, George Berens, Christian

Peterson, took the Oaths appointed, in Order to their Naturalization.

’ A Bill for the more speedy and effectual Execution of n.ivntun*# the Trust created by the Will of Henry Bayntun, Esquire, Will, deceased, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grubb,

Mr. Norries, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Stokes, Mr. Dyott, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Jos. Tredenham,

Lord Cornbury, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Arnold, Sir

Ham Lemon, Mr. Heming, Mr. Cook, Sir Franc.

Mr. Bockenham, Sir John Barker, Sir Richard Hart, Colonel Perry, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Hungerf Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Bouyer, Mr. Blimfeild, Mr. Christy, Mr.

Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Speke, Mr. Waller, Sir Haslerigg,

Mr. Tredenham. Sir John Dorrcll, Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

dingfeild, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Price, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Somersett anti Wilt's: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Lady Anti Ditto. Bayntun, and John Bayntun, Esquire, Son and Heir of the said Henry Bayntun, was read; setting forth, That a Bill, presented unto this House to be passed into an Act of this present Session, for the speedier Executing of a Trust created by the Will of the said Mr. Bayntun, as the same is now drawn, is very prejudicial to the Petitioners Estates: And praying to be heard, touching the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Eyre and Lords de*ire Mr. Baron Powell; a Conference.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire a Conference with this House, this Day, at Twelve a Clock, in the Painted Chamber; to communicate to this House some Papers, which the Lords have received, relating to the last Summer's Expedition at Sea.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the Conference as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again: And Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cook and

Sir James Astry;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Parker'#

An Act to enable Sir Geo. Parker of Ratton, in the Estate. County of Sussex, Baronet, to make a Settlement upon his Marriage, notwithstanding his Minority: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Clearing and Saie of Land# removing some Doubts which may arise in an Act of Par- in lincoln, liament, intituled, An Act for the vesting several Manors, &r*

Lands, and Rents, in the Counties of Berks,

and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for the buying other Manors and Lands to be settled for the same or the like Uses, as these to be sold are now settled: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eyre’# for the Sale of the Estate of Anthony Eyre, Esquire, de- Esute. ceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Portions for his Children, was read the Second....

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Christ of Musgraoe, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Colt, Mr. Colonel Granvile, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Rich.

Hart, Lord Cornbury, Colonel Perrey, Lord

Mr. Christie, Mr. Price, Sir John Guise, Serjeant Wogan,

Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Cranford, Mr.

Wttiler. Lord Hide, Mr. Sherrard, Sir

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Goldwell, Sir Wm. Ellis,’Mr.

t6 ton,

4 W. Sf M, 20° Decembris. 749

/o«, Sir JVm. York, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Beake, Mr. Fmckes, Mr. Harley, Sir Edxcard Askue, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Mr. Chaplyn, Mr.

Hopkins, Mr. Foley: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

l^ave of Ordered, That Mr. Trye have Leave to go into the t Absence. Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Health.

Privilege of Ordered, That Sir Walter Young, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir Members in Tho. Roberts, Mr. Adderly, Sir John Sir Edward

Suns. Hussey, Mv.Bowyer, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Ash, Sir Tre-

denhuni, Sir Edxcard A bney, Mr be added to the Committee to whom it is appointed to consider how the Privileges of the Members of this House, in relation of Suits in Law and Equity, may be regulated and limited.

Danby’s A Petition of A nth. Danby, Esquire, and Elis, his

Jointure. Wife, was read; setting forth, That John Danby, Esquire, the Petitioner’s Father, being seised of the Lordship of 1 Great Leake, and several other Lands and Tenements

I Com' York, of Four hundred and Ten Pounds per Annum

Value, settled the same upon the Petitioner for Life, without Impeachnfent of Waste, with Remainders to his Issue Male; subject to divers Payments, which are since paid by the Petitioner, who was necessitated to borrow the Money; whereby, and by other Misfortunes, lie hath con- traded the Debts in . Bill: That, the Petitioner inter-

marrying with the Daughter of Sir Robert Lalon (with whom he lmd a considerable Portion), he cannot make her any Jointure, by reason of the said Intail: That the Petitioner, having by his Wife Four Sons and Two Daughters, prays Leave to bring in a Bill for settling a Jointure upon the said Elis.making Provisions for Younger Children, and Sale of some Lands for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Bankrupts. Ordered, That the Bill for the better Recovery, and 1 more equal Distribution, of Bankrupts Estates, be read a

Second time Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to go into the

Absence. Country, to the Burial of a Relation.

Conference Ordered, That Sir Tho Lord Marquis

with Lords. Mr Solicitor General. Mr. Palmes, Mr. Harcourt,

Mr.' Hampden, Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Ro. Co-

lonel Granville, Sir JoLozvther, Sir Chr. Mmgrave, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Harley, Mr. P. Foley, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Serjeant

JVogan, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Sir Tho.

Dyke, Mr. Smith, Mr. Clarke, Sir John Guise, Mr. Mountague, do manage the Conference with the Lords.

And the Managers went to the Conference: And being returned;

Colonel Granville reported from the Conference, That I the Managers had attended the Conference: And that the Lord President managed the Conference on the Part of the Lords; and acquainted them, That several Papers had been laid before the Lords House by the King, upon an Address of that House; which they thought fit to transmit to this House; because several Persons who are Members of this House, are often mentioned in the said Papers: from whom, possibly, this House may be more particularly informed of the Matters contained in them: Which Pa]>ers he delivered in at the Clerk's Table; being a Narrative, and a Paper of Heads, and a Bundle of other Papers, to which the same referred, relating to the last Summer’s Expedition at Sea.

Papers re- The said Narrative and Paper of Heads were read; specting the and are as foHoweth; viz.

Expedition. Before the King went abroad, his Majesty resolved upon the Attempt of St. Malo and Brest, as the Places that were the most dangerous, the one to the Trade, the other to the Safety, of the Nation.

You X,

In order to the executing these Designs, he ordered the Duke of Leinster, the Lord Galway, and Mr. Russell, to meet, and concert the proper Methods of performing these Services.

They met several times; and there attended them a Person lately come from France, with a minute Description of those Places; and to shew how true the Account he gave of those Places was, he offered to go on board the Fleet, and did go accordingly, that his Life might answer for the Truth of his Assertions.

February 26th, His Majesty communicated the Designs upon Brest to the Committee of Council; and accordingly I prepared Heads of Instructions to Mr. Russell; which, on March the First, being the next Time the Committee attended the King, were read, and approved; but the King did not sign them; but ordered Mr. Russell to consult with the Flag Officers, of such a Draught of Instructions as they Should judge proper for that, and all the other Operations of the next Campaign.

March the 5th, the Council of War having determined nothing particularly in relation to Brest or and it being necessary, as, well as ordered by the King, that a Draught of Instructions Should be prepared by them, such a Draught was, by the Queen’s Order, of May the 3d and 17th, demanded of Mr. Russell; who, on the 13th of May, sent me only his own Opinion, as’ is hereafter mentioned.

However, in the mean time, the Preparations went on for Ships and Provisions for the 'troops designed for the Descent:

But the News of the- French Designs upon interrupted the Measures that were taken for the Descent.

And the Fleet not being manned, it was of absolute necessity to break through all Protections; and the Admiralty was directed to take all the Seamen, even of the Transport Ships, and send them to the Fleet.

April the l j th, Mr. Russell was directed to acquaint the Flag Officers with the French Designs; and to consider a proper Station for the Fleet, to prevent them; and so as not to be intercepted by the French, before the Dutch came, who were to sail the Two-and-twentieth; and Mr. Blathwaite was writ to, to press the sending them one by one, as they were ready.

April the 13th, Instructions were given to Rear Admiral Carter, to go upon the Coast of France.

19th, All the Ships except the First and Second Rates, were ordered to fall down the Flats off the Forelands.

Mr. Russell was ordered to consider what further Orders were fit to be given; whether fit to go to Sea, and where to cruise, to prevent a Descent; and whether the First and Second Rates may not go, on this Occasion, to the Rendezvous.

20th, The Admiralty was ordered to send the Fleet to the Flats, off the Foreland; and Mr. Russell was directed to distribute the Men of the Fleet, so as to be fit to sail.

22th, The Admiralty was directed by the Queen to order Mr. Russell to sail, with the Fleet, out of the River, to the Flats off the Foreland.

23th, Sir Ralph Delavall was ordered to Sea with all but the First and Second Rates: And that the Flats was to be the Rendezvous of the Fleet: To which Sir Ralph Delavall was to retreat, if he mef with a superior Strength.

But the great Ships did not sail till Mr. Russell came on board, who took his Leave of the Queen on the Twenty-ninth April (on which Day Admiral Alimonde, with a considerable Number of Dutch Ships, arrived in the Downes), and went to the Fleet in the River on the Third of May: On which Day the Queen also hearing he wag still iu Town, ordered him so to do, and to consult with the Flag Officers the Services proper for this Expedition, as formerly ordered.

26th, The Queen ordered Mr. Russell tp direct Sir Ralph Delavall to proceed to Haver de Grace, and to pursue his former Orders,

9 1) 27th

Papers respecting the Expedition.

756 ao° Decembris. A. 2'.'

27th, Delavalts Squadron was ordered to be strength- whole Naval Power Should not be employed about Cape

ened as much, as may be. . de Hague and St. ;and the Noise of a Descent

2()th, All the Dutch Ships under Three Decks were Should not frustrate the w hole Summer’s Service: And ordered to join him. ... that, this being his Opinion too, such a Proceeding would

.. May the 5 th, I sent Mr. Russell Notice, That the justly be censueed.

French Fleet was believed to beat Sea, and pressed him to And therefore he was to consider of the said Order at

sail; and the Admiralty was directed to send him Orders a Council of War; and to leave Ships on the Coast of

accordingly to sail for the Rendezvous, which was then Normandy, and proceed with the Fleet even to Brest, since appointed to be between Cape de Hague and the Isle the French could not get in; and to consider w hat further . of Wight, whither Sir Ralph Delavall and Rear Admiral to propose, that the Queen might order it, if she approved Carter were also directed. it; but to lose no Opportunity, which upon Intelligence,

6th, I acquainted him, that the French Fleet sailed on he might have, in Expectation of such Orders,

the Second ;. and told him of Delavall's Orders, which 17th, I writ to him also to press his looking after the

were, to join the Fleet in the Speediest Manner, and to French Fleet.

send Advice to Mr. Russell., 17th, I writ to him, that the French were seen off of

-.7th, He writes, that the most proper Rendezvous was Portland', and, in case of a Battle, which might draw off of the Nesse or Peachy, but would obey his Orders of him Westward, he Should remember to leave some Ships the Fifth. on. the Coast of as directed.

7th, I pressed him to sail to the Westward. 19th, The Admiralty was directed to hasten the Ships

: 8th, He sailed by Dover with a fair Wind. in the River to the Downes ', and there to expect their,

9th, I repeated to him, as the Admiralty had ordered, or Mr. Russell's Orders.

that the Rendezvous w’as to be off of the Isle of Wight, 20th, Mr. Russell gives an Account, that the French for him, Delavall and Carter, and the Dutch: And that were beaten: That he was steering away to Conquest Bay, he Should act as by the Advice of a Council of War; he the Wind Fresh Eastwardly; and he hoped to destroy stopping in Rye Bay. their whole Fleet.

10th, I sent him Word, that the French Fleet was on 21th, The Queen’s Orders were sent to all the our Coast, and sent Duplicates to all the Ports upon the Ships that had not been with the- Fleet, to go on the Coast.. Coast of Normandy; and Orders were sent to the Eng-

On this Day also Sir Ralph Delavall and Rear Admiral lish and Dutch at Falmouth, to tell them of the Victory, Carter joined at St. Helens. and to sail to join the Fleet, which was in Pursuit of the

lith. By the Queen’s Order he was directed to call a Enemy.

Council of War; and to attack the French Fleet, if strong And I writ to Mr. Russell, to acquaint him with these enough, they being in the Chanel: And therefore a Orders; and that he Should send some Ships to the Battle was much to be wished, with this Advantage. Shantum, for Convoy of the Artillery which was ncces-And to have some Six or Seven Ships, to prevent the sary for the Descent.

Transport of the French Troops, while he went West- 23, Bay. Mr. gives an Account

ward. of the Victory: That Ashby and Ailmonde had lost sight

May 13th, These Orders were repeated; and that he of the French off of Guernsey, which he laments; and Should search the French Fleet. believes they are got into St. Maloes: He intends to ad-

; 13th, St. Helens. He says, the Fleet is joined: That, vise with the Flags about sending a strong Squadron to if he had not sailed the Moment he did, he had still the Westward, which may possibly meet the French going been at the Nore, and it was done contrary to the Opi- to; and to send another along the French Coast to nio'n of the Pilots: That the Wihd had been so hard, designs to go to St. Helens but judges the

that he could not purchase his Anchors till Yesterday; more proper: He complains of the Queen’s Or-

fend several were forced to leave their Anchors behind der of the Seventeenth; gives Reasons for his going to them: He takes the French Design of Landing to be at Cape de Hague, viz. from this Place: The Transport an End, till they beat us; wrhich, he believes, they will was to be made hither; the French Fleet was coming to not attempt unless forced; or that we go far Westward, convoy them; and its appearing on our Coast could be and leave the Coast naked: But Six or Seven Frigates on no Danger to England; and says, the Event has justified Normandy Coast will prevent it, and our Troops may em- his Opinion.

bark and land at St. Malo; which Place, by the best in- 26th, I signified to him the Queen’s Approbation of his

formation, is easily taken while the Fleet lies to the sending a strong Squadron to the Westward: That there Westward, to protect them: This may oblige the French was no need of sending another further than Diep; be-to a Battle; and, if we beat them, we may follow them cause there were Ships before Dunkirk: That he Should (not as they did us, but) into their Harbours; and, em- stay at St. Helens (and not come to the to be

barking the Soldiers, go for Brest, and do a lasting ready to execute the Designs he knew of: And that the Service to England. Queen would send some Lords, to concert, with the Flags

14th, Mr. Russell w'rites, That he did not think it and General Officers, the Methods of an Invasion; for adviseable to search the French Fleet unless within a that the sooner an Attempt was made, the better, while ilittle Distance: That the Fleet being joined, he did not the French were under a Consternation; and to send ..think the French would meet us this Summer: And that some Ships to the Shannon, for the Artillery.

it was not adviseable to leave any Ships off of the French 25th, Six Leagues from Le Hogue. Mr. Russell writes, Coast, by sending away any of his Number from the he had resolved at a Council of War to have gone West-Fleet. ward himself, with Fifty Ships, to Forne Head, in Hopes

15th, The Council "of War agree with Mr. Russell not to have met the Ships w'ith the Dutch, and the Admiral -to search the French Fleet beyond St. Helen's; without of the Blue, lost sight of; but hearing, by a Genoese,

' certain Advice that they were on the Coast; but to pro- that he met Twelve French disabled Ships off of the ceed to Cape de Hague, and to return to St. Helen's; but Start, bound for Brest, he concluded it was in vain to cannot resolve upon Instructions for this Year’s Service, go thither to look after them: He was resolved to come May the 1 /Jth, St. Helens. Mr. Russell writes, That he to St. Helens with the Fleet; except some Ships sent to . approves this Resolution, and will execute it.; Havre dc Grace, to look after Five French Ships he be-

The Guernsey Pilots understand not the French Coast: lieved were there: " Now is the Time, if you were able

Hereupon the Queen sent him the Orders of #. to make a Descent: I believe we may be free from any . May 17, That, by leaving some Ships, as formerly Attempt they will make in our Country as yet: 1 say this,

directed on the Thirteenth, which seemed not to have because you will have Ships enough for the Fleet, and for been laid before the Council of War, the Designs of the all the services the Admiralty used to be so much con-. French Descent were provided against; and that the cemed for. I will immediately put what Ships are able for

16 the

4 W. & M. 20* Decembris.

751

the Sea, in the best Condition I can; if Masts may be had, all will be fit for Service immediately."

27, I told him the Queen had resolved, that no Time Should be lost to prosecute the Descent.

27th, St.Helens. He hoped, but could not be positive, that a few Days will fit, if not all, yet most of, the Ships for the Sea: "It will be necessary to consider what the Fleet shall do; to cruise, is of no Use: If the Men for the Descent can be got ready, now is the Time If this cannot be, he knows not what to propose.

27 th, I acquainted him, That, hearing he was in Sight of Portsmouth, the Queen resolved, that no Time Should

be lost in prosecuting the Descent; and had ordered the Lords Rochester, Portland, and Sidney, to go to Portsmouth, to consult with him, and the Sea and Land Officers, the proper Measures.

They went on the Twenty-eighth, and returned the One-and thirtieth.

31th, I acquainted Mr. Russell, that Two French Ships were off of Beachy; and, on the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh, four more oft’ of Dartmouth; and took notice of the Advice he had received from the Lord Jei'myn, that a Squadron of French Ships were in St. Malo. /

While the Lords were at Portsmouth, it was agreed by the Flag Officers, That the Fleet Should sail as soon us possible, with Sixty Men of War, and go oft' Ushant, sending some Frigates to see what French Ships were in Brest Water; and to act against the Enemy as the Flag-Officers judge best: And that the Fleet Should sail, without staying for the Land Forces; and Mr. Russell to send Advice from thence with all Speed.

June the 1st, In pursuance of the Flag Officers Advice, the Queen ordered Mr. Russell to send immediately some Ships and Fireships to to destroy

the French there; and to send a Squadron, of such Ships as were ready, to Cape de Hague, to cruise Two or Three Days, to annoy the Enemy; and, if no Opportunity for it, to return to St. Helen's.

June the 1st, Mr. Russell writes, That he designed to go to Sea with the English and Dutch Ships that are in the best Condition; and leave the rest to be ejitted.

2d, Mr. Russell acknowledges the Letter rrom the Lord Jermyn (about the Ships at St. Mulo); but he knows not what to make of it: He intended some Ships to look after the French oft'of Beachy and Falmouth; but the Wea-ther had hindered him: That the.Captain of the Chatham chased Two French Men of War into the Race of Alderney. He designs to go to Sea with a Squadron of Ships.

2d, I writ to Mr. Russell, to send a List of what Ships he desired to keep for the main Fleet, including the foundland Ships, and those designed for the Coast of Normandy; that the rest might be employed in cruising.

3d, The Queen sent Orders to Mr. Russell, to direct the Squadron designed to go off Cape de Hague, to proceed to the Soundings, and cruise Eight or Ten Days for Protection of the Oporto Fleet and Merchant Ships, daily expected; and then to return to the Fleet in such manner as he judged best for the Service; unless the Flag Officers Should judge it not fit to hazard that Squadron, without more Force to be added to it.

3d, I writ to him, That I had Advice from Guernsey, that the French Ships were at St. Malo; and that it w’as thought seme Fireships might do great Execution.

4th, Spilhead.Mr. Russell gives an Account of the Condition of the Fleet; and proposes some Ship to be sent to Chatham: lie does not apprehend a greater Strength from the Enemy than we shall be, all Services.performed: He will communicate the Queen’s Orders of the Third; and send the Result: If there were any Probability of the French Ships being at St. Malo, certainly the Governor of Guernsey would send some Vessel thither, to know the Certainty; and Measures might be taken to destroythem: Rut sending from hence, the Return of the Ship, and then to order a Squadron on that Coast (which must not be Jess than the greatest Part of the Fleet, if the French be Thirty-three; and probably the French from Brest may Vol. X.

join them), will be hardly feasible at this time, unless he were now certain they were there. It is too late to repine; but if the French had been followed at first by the Ships he left off the Gasketts, there would have been a good Account of them.

5th, Mr. Russell writes, He was cleaning Two Fourth Rates at Portsmouth, Two Fifths at Plymouth, and a Fireship ready to join them, which will be ready in a few Days; then they shall go to NHe will send the Names of the Ships for cruising on the Coast of France, while the Fleet is to the Westward: — And how strong the main Fleet will then be: — He does not desire more than Seventy.

6th, I sent Mr. Russell an Account I received from France, That the French Ships were certainly at St. Malo; and that it agreed with the News I sent him from Guernsey; and that I hoped, since our Squadron unfortunately did not pursue the Enemy, the Honour was reserved for him.

6th, The Queen, upon this Intelligence, ordered him to send some Frigate off the Coast of Malo, and to get some little Vessel at Jersey to go near St. Malo, and discover what French Ships were there, and how they lay; with Orders to bring him an Account to such Place as he Should appoint; and ordered Mr. Russell to sail with the English and Dutch which were ready, with the first Wind; to Cape de Hague, and so Westward, to meet the Frigate sent to St. Malo; and, if the French were-there, or upon that Coast, he was to proceed thither, and take or destroy them: Rut, if this cannot be done without Land Forces, he was to send Notice of it, that such Forces as he judged requisite, might immediately be embarked, and sent to him; and in the mean time he wras to cruise, so as not to give the Enemy Suspicion of his Design, and yet so as to prevent their getting away to Brest: Rut, if no French Ships were at St. Malo, or nothing can be any-way attempted, he was to pursue his Orders of June the Third.

7th, Spithead. Mr. Russell takes notice of the ill Weather; and that he could not call together the Flag Officers, to consider of her Majesty’s last Order.

9th, I sent him a further Account, That the French Ships were at St. Malo; and so I hoped he would retrieve the Misfortune of their Escape; for this would put an End to all their Pretensions at Sea; and therefore ought to be attempted, if there were any Prospect of Success, by any means.

9th, Spithead. Mr. Russell says, He has sent Two Frigates to Jersey and Guernsey, to get a Boat to go with them to St. Malo, to discover the Enemy's Ships there.

10th, He writes, That he had a List of the Line of Battle, which would be about Seventy-five Sail; and also a List of the Ships for the Coast of Normandy, the Cruisers, and these sent to the Admiralty; which, with . the Fourth Rates they have already, will be sufficient for the Services they have to employ them on.

loth, In another he says, He thinks himself strong enough, and shall be able to send, some constantly to clean, and some few to cruise oq the Coast of Ireland: He cannot send Ships for the Transport Ships at Bristoll,

: till he get to the Westward.

11 th, I writ to him about the Rupert, which was in the Line of Battle; but Should, as much as might, be in a Readiness for the West Indies: I writ also about the Winter Squadron, and to know his Opinion of that, and: a Squadron to the Mediterranean.

I confirmed to him the News of the French, Ships: being at St.Malo; and prayed his Opinion, what might

be done against them, and wfiat might be requisite to enable him to destroy them.

12th, Spithead. Mr. Russell, writes, That he was impatient of the ill Weather; and that Captain Meez Should , sail with his Squadron the nqxt Djay.

13th, He writes his Opinion about the Winter, and Meditei'ranean Squadron.

13th, In another he writes, That the Prisoners taken by the Clvudesly G.ajlpy assure him, , that the French

‘.....- ' Vice

Papers respecting the Expedition*

Papers respecting the Expedition.

75a 200 Decembris.A. 1692.

Vice Admiral of the Clue, and Twenty-five more Ships, and Fireships, were at St. Malmost repaired, and watched an Opportunity to get to Brest.

Hereupon he called a Council of War; where it was resolved to put to Sea, with the whole Fleet, with the first shir Weather, and ply to the Forne Head, and lie to Eastward of it, towards the Isle of Bass, to intercept their getting into Brest: He himself inclined to go with the Fleet before St.Malo; but the Pilots said it was not safe: However, when the Fleet is to the Westward of St. Malo, something must be attempted to destroy them; to which the Land Army would be of great Use: This additional Blow to the Enemy would he-worth Two Provinces in France.

June 14th, I told him, That the Transport Ships were ordefed to Portsmouth with all Speed, and the Troops would be embarked, and follow' him; though I hoped he would not lose an Opportunity of destroying the Malo Ships, in Expectation of them: I proposed to him the ordering Captain Meez to cruise about Le Hogue, and to pretend sometimes to land; that the late King’s Army might be kept thereabouts from going to St. Malo, that the Opposition might be less at St. Malo.

14th, Mr. Russell sailed from St. Helens.

15th, I acquainted him, That the dron was designed to sail by the First of August; that the Ships designed thither might be in the Way: I told him some Things to be attemped at; that

Captain Gillam might be informed of them; that I hoped he would succeed at St. Malo; and desired him to send an Account of w hat he found practicable.

17th, Off the Belt, Mr. Russell writes, That, if the Enemy be still at St. Malo, and the Weather permit, he hoped to keep to the Westward of them; and then will consider, with the Flag Officers, what can be done, and how; which he will give an Account of.

If Land Forces, and the Shallops late-built, be necessary, Captain Bembo is a prudent gallant Man, and fit to be advised with.

i2;jth, 1 acquainted him, That Captain Bembo apprehends the Attempt at St. Malo dangerous, without Land Forces; but, with them, he does not doubt of good Success: That the Transport Ships were fallen down the River; and, as they arrive at Portsmouth, the Troops will be embarked: I prayed him to send a Convoy to Milford Haven, for the Transport Ships, if he had not already done it, the Dolphin alone being too weak: That Captain Bembo thought Brest also not hard te be attempted with' the Fleet, and Land Forces; and was willing to go on any of those Services.

In the mean time (till our Troops come to you) I hoped the St. Malo Ships would be hindered from getting away.

24th, I writ, by the Queen’s Command, to Captain Meez, to pretend sometimes to land, and so keep the Coast in continual Alarms, and thereby facilitate the Attempt of St. Malo.

At Sea, 21 th, Mr. Russell takes notice, That the Troops were to be embarked at Portsmouth: Approves that Captain Meez Should alarm the French Coast, as I had proposed to him; but he was gone from him:

He had sent some Ships to the Seven islands, to take some Men from the Shore: — No way to prevent the French Ships getting*out of St. Malo, and going North about, if they will venture it, but by lying before the Port, if it may be; of which he will advise with the Pilots; but, if it can be, it will cause the French to bring down all their Troops, and render the Attempt more difficult: But something ought to be hazarded for the destroying those Ships.

22, in Sight of the Start. He says the Dragon is ordered to convoy the Transport Ships from Captain Gillam will sail to Newfoundland the first favourable Weather.

23th, He says, That, having Yesterday received an Account from Captain Meez of the French Ships being oX.St.Malo, he called a Council of War; who, upon the

unanimous Advice of the Pilots (that the Fleet may ride safely off of Cape Farrell),resolved to proceed thither: He

says that it was impossible to keep the former Station agreed upon; for bad Weather would force them away; besides, the Ships might get out of St. Malo, and go away Eastward: If any Attempt can be made with Probability of Success, it shall be pushed: Whether the Landmen bo ready, or can be serviceable, he cannot judge.

28th, The Queen ordered Captain Meez to come immediately to Spithead, with th & English and Dutch Ships with him.

29th, I told Mr. Russell, That all the Transport Ships, and Forty Shallops, were fallen down the River, and will be convoyed to Portsmouth: That the Troops (which I believed would be about Twelve thousand, besides Dragoons) were so posted, as to be embarked in a few Days: That Two Bomb Vessels would be at Portsmouth by the time the Troops embarked, or else w ould follow: I told him, That Captain Meez was sent for to Spithead, to convoy the Tranport Ships; and to assist in carrying some Men, if Shipping were wanting, as there would be, if those from Bristoll did not come; and therefore desired him to send all the Tenders he could spare.

July the 1 st, I sent him Letter, with the Queen's Orders to the Governors of the Islands, to be

sent with all Speed; and the Duplicates of them: Within a Fortnight after the first were dispatched, I again proved him to send all the Tenders he could spare, to Portsmouth, with all Speed; for there would be Fourteen thousand Men to be embarked.

2d, Captain Alecs arrived at Spithead.

June the 30th, Mr. Russell takes notice, That he had been driven Twenty Leagues beyond L; which confirms him in his Opinion, that so great a Fleet Should not be ventured at Sea, but where there is Room to drive any Way for Forty-eight Hours, or may anchor, and ride in the Chanel: Six Hours makes either Side a Lee Shore; and, if Providence had not put it in his Head early in the Morning to bring to, the Fleet had been in Danger: He designs for St. Alalo;though, by what he can he informed from the Pilots, he has little Hopes of doing any thing with the Fleet on that Place; nor is it possible to lie anywhere on the Enemy's Coast to the Westward, to interce pt them in their Passage to Brest; so that, if he finds he can do nothing, he will come to Torbay, and expect Orders: He cannot see, that any Service can be done by the Fleet, but only protecting the Country; unless w e can land upon the Enemy; and, what that may do, he cannot judge: He hopes the latter Part of the Summer may make Amends for what is past; for he never saw such Weather.

July the 4th, I received Mr. Russell's of June the Thirtieth; and w rote to him, by the Queen’s Command, That though I had often acquainted him with our Preparations for sending Land Forces, to join him in the Attempt on St. Malo, and the Ships there; and that, if nothing could be done there by the Fleet alone, he Should, however, endeavour to prevent their getting away to Brest; yet,' that her Majesty thought it necessary I Should write again to him on this Subject: That the 'transport Ships were sailed towards Portsmouth, the Troops ready to be embarked, Captain Meez ready to convoy them; and, consequently, they might sail quickly to join with the Fleet: Therefore he Should use all Means, that consists with the Safety of the Fleet, to hinder the French from escaping out of St. Afalo; though I pretended not to prescribe the Method: That the Letters from France, say, they were in Pain for their Ships at St. Mato: That was sent

thither to try if it were possible to get them aw ay: That Captain A/ees had alarmed them, and crossed that Design; so that, if the Fleet alone cannot attack them, nor lie salely in a Station to intercept them, yet a Squadron might hinder them from attempting to get away, though the Fleet Should be forced off the Coast; because they will scarce venture to Sea, without sending outScouts to discover w here our Fleet was: The Safety of the Fleet was of that Importance, that I did not pretend to advise; and he was to make no Conclusion from this Letter, but only that the Queen was resolved

4 W. £? M. 20° Decembv 753

solved to have the Destruction of the Ships at-

tempted, if possible; and therefore earnestly recommended it to his Care, that the Opportunity be not lost, before the Troops join him: That it was necessary he Should send Notice to Portsmouth, with Speed, where the Transport Ships Should join him, as also the Victualing Ships from Plymouth; and, if we did not hear from him, I believed they would be ordered towards St. Malo.

July the 3d, Gumsey Road. Mr. Russell writes, That the Pilots would not venture over to St. Malo, the Weather being thick: He mistrusts their Judgment: He is informed by a Captain that has used the St. Malo Trade, That there is not good Ground for above Forty Ships to ride in; for which Reason he will call a Council of War, to consider whether the whole Fleet Should proceed, or only a Detachment, to view the Place, and how the Fleet may ride; and, if no Service can be done, it is better not to appear before the Place.

The Council of War resolved, That it was not fit that the whole Fleet Should anchor before St. Malo: That a Squadron, if it be detached, to get an Account of the Place, and of the Ground for the Fleet to ride, if hereafter an Attempt Should be made, and the Fleet to proceed Twelve Leagues off of the Start: And Vice Admiral Rook was ordered off of Cape Farrell, to exa-miuetlie Grounds for Ships to ride in, and get an Account of the Ships at St. Malo.

Mr. Russell also inclosed an Account he had from some English (one of which is a sensible Man) that escaped from St.Malo; viz. " That, on the Islands at the going into St. Malo, there are Thirty Guns on the one Side, ana Fifty on the other, as they believe; and, when out of Command of the Island, you are within the Command of ,the Town r That they were, and still continue, in great Consternation, fearing our Fleet would come and bum their Ships: The Men of War above Sallydore rode within Pistol Shot of the Town: The Town is not strong to the Land: That all their Water comes in Pipes from Sale-dore; which if cut, the Town cannot hold it: That there is no Damage to be done in their Harbour by Ships; but, if a greater N umber of Boats than they have, Should come, they would he in such Consternation, that, they believed, their Ships might be destroyed, but with great Hazard."

Postscript, July 4th, He says he had received mine of the Twenty-ninth of June: That he could not then answer every Particular; but this he might, without much Consideration; That, if the Number of Men to be landed did not exceed Twelve thousand Men, they can be of no Use at St. Malo, which has Double the Number fit to bear Arms: If these be all that are for the Descent, the best Use of them will be, to land at Hogue, and take away the Cannon which the French have fished up.

July the 6th, under Sail off Mr. Russell

writes, That he would send away the First Packet to the Barbadoes, but wanted a Vessel to carry the Second, for which the Gooduyn Prize was very proper: He could say nothing of the intended Descent, till the Return of Vice Admiral Rook; and then he shall better judge w hether the Whole or Part of the Fleet may ride off of St. Malo: That, if the Design be on the Place, there may be sufficient Ships to protect the Landing: He will send the Tenders to help transport the Men: He gives his Opinion of some Matters relating to the West htdia Expedition.

July the 7 th, I acknowledged the Receipt of Mr. sell's, of the Fourth and Sixth Instant: That the Queen continued her Resolution of an Attempt upon St. Malo: That the Fears of our Enemies, and the Reports of Rice Beer, encouraged our Hopes; and Captain Bembo thought it very feasible to destroy the Town and Ships: That though the French might have more than we sent, yet they were not formed Troops; and ours would be betw een Fourteen and Fifteen thousand, besides Dragoons: That our Expectations were raised; and therefore, as his Servant, I intreated him not to leave it possible to be objected to him, that he had omitted any thing that might prevent the Escape of the French Ships, before our Troops joined Vox.. X.

him; and a Resolution Should be taken at a Council bf War of Sea and Land Officers: The Gooduyn Prize was sent to him: The Complaints of the Mischiefs from Privateers were.very great; and therefore he would do well to send some Ships to cruise in the Soundings, and the En-» trance of the Irish Chanel; and to send some Ships to the Admiralty, which they wanted: I proposed to him to consider of the Number and Quality of the Winter Squadron* not knowing the Condition of the Ships with him so well as himself: I proposed also the laying up a Considerable Number of Ships at Portsmouth in the Winter, to be the readier to join the Winter Squadron, and prevent any Attempt from France in the Winter; but I hoped he would put it out of the Power of France to attack us.

July the 8th, off the Berry. Mr. Russell owns the Receipt of mine of the Fourth: He can say no more of St. Malo, till Vice Admiral Rook returns.

" By the Uneasiness of the French about their Ships there, it seems that they think the Place is not difficult to be attempted; but to us, who are not acquainted there, the Report of the RapidneSs of the Tide, and its setting from one Rock to another (of which there is abundance), makes it appear something hazardous to go on with our Ships: But what I say is only by Hearsay; and possibly the Place may be more facile than I imagine: The destroying the Place and Ships would be of great Consequence tp England.

He hopes he has not been wanting hitherto in preventing the French Ships getting to Brest, though with nP small H azard to the Fleet: And, observing that the Q ueen resolved to have the Destruction of the St. Malo Ships attempted; and recommends it to him, that an Opportunity be not lost by their getting away: He apprehends, that, if it Should happen, the Blame would fall on him: He knows but one W'ay to prevent their getting to Brest, if that be the only Port in France they must go to; the Fleet’s lying in Comer.et.Bay; which, if the Queen commands, shall be done: V The Transport Ships are not yet come from the River: nor can come, while the Wind is Westerly: With these Westerly Winds the French cannot stir; but I must constantly be close in with their Shore, in Expectation of a South or South-east W ind, which will bring them away; with which Wind, if I am not near that Shore, I cannot reach them: All which ought to be considered, before an Impression be made in Peoples Minds:" If the Tenders are still wanting, he will send them.

July 11 th, I writ to him to send the Tenders to Portsmouth and Southampton, that the Men might not be crouded: I , hoped the Troops would be speedily embarked: And that he would have good Success at St. Malo, if the Ships can be prevented from getting away, before the Attempt be made.

July the 10th, Torbay.Mr.Russeli had been at Sea;

bat was driven back: He then received a Duplicate of ihine of the Seventh: By my recommending, in every Letter, the preventing the Escape of the St. Malo Ships,

he was confirmed in what he writ in his of the Eighth; He repeats, that, if the (Ground at St. Malo is not good, the Fleet cannot lie there, without apparent Danger:

That he had sent to know what, Grou/id there is: That there is no Place where the Fleet can cruise with Safety, to prevent their getting to Brest, but Accidents of Weather will give them Opportunity to get in; against this, no mortal Man Can object: By my saying the Peoples Expectations were raised, he concludes, that the destroying the Ships at St. Malo is thought easy: If there be . any that have said so, he wishes them with the Fleet; for, though he will not say,- that he will venture to do what any Man ashore will advise; yet, if the Adviser will bear a Part, no Man shall go further than himself.

He says, " Give me leave so observe one Passage in your Lordship’s Letter; That, when the Army joins-us, a Resolution will be taken what to do, as a Council df War of Land and Sea Officers will advise: I do not know how able the rest of the Flag Officers are in that case: but; for myself I can only deliver my judgment, where the

E Fleet

Papers re* spec ting ill® lixptdiuyiu

754 20* Dece

Papers t«- Fleet can^go, in order to proteA their Landing; and, in Jdr. inclosed a Letter of the Fifth instant;

pec ting the my humble Opinion, that Should be observed, before the which the Lord Jenny n writ to him; telling him, that

Expedition. Men and Horses embark: If they, must keep the Sea till Part of the St. Mato Ships were in the Race, and tli« the Place where be determined, Weather may put them rest were ready to sail: That the late King’s Army was under so many Hardships, that they will be of little Ser- at Le Hogue still; and that he had sent him the best vice on Shore: "You will please to consider, the Season Pilot of the Island for the Coast of of the Year is so far advanced, that Six Weeks will The Resolutions of the Council of War held by Vice near conclude what we call Summer, of which I have Admiral Rooke were,

not as yet had one Day since I came out: I heartily wish 1st, That it was infinite Hazard for the whole Fleet (for the Nation’s Sake) the Town and Ships at St. to come before St. Mato.

Mato may be destroyed, without the least Regard to 2dly, That it was not possible for that Squadron to what Advantage may accrue to me from it; having less destroy the French Ships, because the Pilots will not take in my Head of that Matter than it is possible for you Charge to carry in any Ships or Fireships, though lie to imagine: Probably the Difficulty will not be greater offered One hundred Pounds to a Pilot, than what is suggested to your. Lordship; but I believe 3dly, For this Reason the w’hole Fleet is not better ca-I may affirm, that Half the Number of Men, a Month pable of destroying the Ships, than this Squadron,

since, would have performed what can be expected from 4thly, A Squadron of Ships in the Summer Season Double their number now; for, as your Lordship says, may be ventured to lie before St. Mato, to cover the their Fears are great, so I believe their Industry has not Transport Ships, in case the Descent be near the Place; been less to secure both, as much as it is possible for the provided the whole Fleet be posted so, as to secure them Place to admit of He sent a List of the Fleet to me from the Enemy from the Westward, and the Admiralty; and says, w’hat Ships are ordered July the Mr. Russell sent the Resolu-

from the Fleet will not afflict him, believing we shall tien of the Council of War, Where it was most proper have no other Dispute this Summer against the Enemy’s for the Fleet to lie, to prevent the Ships getting from St. Fleet. Malo to Brest, before the Troops embarked, which were

July the 13th, I answered Mr. Russell's Letter of the designed to attack that Place; Ten or Twelve Tenth; and told him, He might remember, that he Leagues South from the Start; and that a small De-kimself had proposed the Attempt upon St. Malo; and, tachment of light Ships Should lie within Sight of the because it was feared the Fleet alone might not succeed Fleet to the Southward and Scouts to the Southward of in it, all possible Preparations have been made, to send the them: That, with the Wind Westwardly, the ltendez-Land Forces; and, because the Delays had been great, vous Should be Torbay: With the Wind Eastw-ardly, to -it was necessary to acquaint him, that the Queen conti- ply up to Ten or Twelve Leagues South of the Start: nued her Resolutions against St. Malo; and consequently He says, he had sent this Day all the Tenders to Ports-to recommendto him to prevent the French Ships Escape mouth; and desired the Queen’s Commands speedily, from thence, as far as was possible, and consistent with how to proceed with the Fleet.

.the Safety of the Fleet, especially since People had con- July the 17th, The Transport Ships arrived at -ceived great Hopes of Success: That it became me to mouth.

write thus, in Duty to their Majesties, and Friendship to 17th, I wrote to Mr. Russell, to tell him, that I had him: That the Troops would be speedily embarked, and an Account from Flanders, that a considerable Part of desired him to appoint a Rendezvous for them and the the Army which was at Le Hogue, was sent to Flanders, Fleet; and to send a Frigate from time to time off of and Eight Battalions more sent to^he Rhine; and that Brest, to get Advice of the French there, which might be there was yet a Camp at Le Hogue: That an intercepted of Use in future Resolutions. Letter, writ from Le Hogue, says, That the Ships at St.

14th, The Queen ordered Mr. Russell to act with the Malo could not get away by reason of the English Fleet Fleet in Concurrence with the Troops, in the Execution that’watched them: That there was a fair Opportunity of thd Designs mentioned in the Instructions to the Duke for the to make a Descent, if they were bold

of Leinster, which shall be judged fit at aCouncil of War; and undertaking; but they believed the English did not

-and, in the First place, required him to consider and exe- think of it.

cute what may possibly be effected at St. Male, for the Upon this Intelligence, it seemed the French could

taking or burning that Place, and the Ships there; and not have many formed Troops at St. Malo.

.to pursue such other Measures against the Enemy, in That our Troops were about Fourteen thousand, which, such Method as shall be judged feasible at a Council of with Three or Four thousand Seamen, would be a better War, without expecting further Orders. Army than the French could oppose: That I did not

The Instructions totne Duke of Leinster were, to em- think we could besiege St. Malo; but the Troops might bark the Troops to join the Fleet: And, though the bombard the Town, while the Bomb-vessels did the like Queen would give no positive Orders, her Majesty re- from Sea; or, if the Bomb-vessels could do it alone, the commended the Destruction of St. Malo and Brest, the Troops might possess themselves of the Batteries upon French Magazines at Brest and Rochfort, the Transport the River: That, since Vice Admiral Rook thinks a Squa-. Ships at Le Hogue and Havre de Grace; and, if all or dron might lie before the Town, these Ships, and our: any of them were practicable, her Majesty ordered him Boats, will prevent the Enemy’s Attempt on the Bomb-to execute the same in such Manner, and such Order, vessels; and, since the Buildings at St. Malo are of ,ps was judged most proper at a Council of War. Wood, high and close, it seems not hard to burn the

July the 13th, Torbay. Mr. Russell writes, that Vice Town; and consequently nothing to oppose our Ships . Admiral Rook was returned from St. Malo; who told going up the River to destroy the French Ships, him, he believed Conoall ^as the most proper Place for The next thing to be thought of is Brest, which our Landing: That he saw above Thirty-five Sail, including Troops will not be strong enough to take; but, the

Privateers, ready to depart, which Mr. Russell believed Ships not being laid up, they may be destroyed, if our they would with the first steady South or South-eastWind: Ships can pass the Batteries, or our Troops can take

He would sail as the Weather permitted, and lie in such them; however, if the Ships at Malo can be destroyed. Station as lie might do the best Service, as a Council of we may then, without our great Ships, proceed, ana War shall advise: He would send me the Rendezvous so destroy the Ships upon the Stocks, and the Magazines soon as agreed on: For the present, it was Eight Leagues at Port Louis and Rochfort: And what he proposed, of South from the Start; and hopes the several Accounts taking the Guns fished up at Le Hogue, may be done at and Informations he sent, might be useful: As to the in- any time, being within our Chanel; and therefore Should tended Descent, he sent a Copy of the Instructions to Cap- have been the last Thing to be tried.

.tasn.Gillam: The Wild Prize Should sail to Barbadoes, These Things I proposed only to him, who could best with the Queen’s Orders, with the first fair Wind. - judge of the Feasibleness of them; and that he Should - 16 regard

oo* Decemhris.

4W. &M.

regard-his Letters no otherwise, than as an Argument of Frigate to St. to be mote Certainly informed, Papers »-

my wishing well to my Country, and to himself who will Whether the Ships were still there; and, if nothing could specting toy have the Honour of such a Service. be done at Brest, then to consider, at a Council of War, *pe u"n'*

July toe 18th, I acquainted Mr. Bussell, That the of those other Enterprizes which were recommended to Transport Ships were at Portsmouth: That the Troops him and the Duke of Leinster: And that, before be re* wrould be embarked by Wednesday, and would sail to the turned with the Fleet, her Majesty particularly recom*

Rendezvous he resolved on in his better of the Fourteenth, mended to him the Burning of St. Mala, although no unless he sent other Orders to meet them; and therefore, French Ships Should be there.

if he could think of a more proper one, he Should send 26th, The Transport Ships sailed from St. Helms, the Notice by a Frigate: If they went directly to Guernsey, Wind at North-east.

it would be a shorter Voyage for the Troops. July the 24th, Torbay. Mr. That Yester*

On the 19th, the Tenders arrived at Portsmouth. day he had the Advice from Captain Wilkins, that he . Jxdy the 18th, Twelve Leagues South from the Start, will hot be positive they were French Ships; but believes Mr. Russell writes, That he had sent Captain Nevilt, they might be Captain s Squadron 5 they being

with Thirty English and Dutch Ships, to lie Ten pretty neat the Station appointed to Captain Nevile.

Leagues North from the West End of the Isle of Bass; July the 25th, Torbay. He acknowledges the Receipt and ordered Two Ships to lie between Brake and Seven of mine of the Eighteenth; and that he had called a Islands, Two between the Seven Islands and La Bass, Council of War; when, Notice being taken, that the and Two between La Bass and the Fame; all to lie Troops were embarked, it was resolved to sail with the under the Shore: This he thought the best Posture, Fleet to Spithead, to join the Transport Ships, if the whereby to intercept any thing that came Eastward of Wind be Westwardly; but, if Eastwardly, the Fleet Westward; the Remainder of the Fleet to lie in the ap- Should remain in Torbay, and expect them: And accord-pointed Station. ingly he had sent an Express to the Duke of Leinster, to

He has heard nothing from Captain Neoile; which acquaint him with this Resolution: It was also resolved, makes him conclude the French did not Bail from St. that a Squadron of Fifty capital Ships under Sir John Malo with the last Easterly Winds; and believes they Ashby Should be sent to lie Fifteen or Twenty Leagues will not stir till Winter: The Wild Prize went away the North from the Isle of Basse.

last Easterly Wind: The Instructions to the Commander, Postscript, Mr. Russell adds, That he could say a great from Mr. Russell, were dated July the Sixteenth: He will deal on the Manner of these Proceedings, not only as to endeavour to get Intelligence of the Ships at Brest; and the Delay of the Descent, but ordering an Army to cruise has had Ships off of that Coast for some time. fora Fleet, and, when joined, to be resolved what shad

July the 22th, I relit him a List of Ships designed be done with them, for the West Indies, that he might order them into Port July the 28th, Orders were sent to Mr. to

so soon as he could spare them, so as to be fitted by send in the Ruby, Advice, Chester, Experiment, and the End of August: I acquainted him, That most of Hawk Fireships to be cleaned for the West Indies. the Troops were embarked, and the last would be so Upon the Joining of the Fleet and Transport Ships, this Day. July the 28th, The Council of War, of Sea and Land

July the 19th, off of the Start, Mr. Russell writes, Officers, resolved, by the Flag Officers, That nothing That the James Galley had taken a Privateer, who said, can be done with any Ships of the Fleet against the That Orders had been sent often, and as often contra- St.Malo Ships, till the Town be so far reduced by the dieted, for laying up toe Ships at Brest the was on board Land Forces, as that our Ships shall not be much an* the St. Phillip, when burnt at Le Hogue; and gives an noyed by the Enemy's Guns in the Attempt; by the Account of the Ships burnt, agreeable to what I had sent Land Officers, That the Troops can do nothing without to Mr. Russell: The Captain of the James Galley brought the Assistance of the Fleet: That though the Flag Officer* an Account, That the Three-decked Ships at Brest were are of an Opinion, that an Attempt might be made at disarmed; and some others were haled out of the Har- Brest with some Hopes of Success, if the Summer Sea* bour into the River, upon apprehension that the English eon was not so far spent; yet now it is not fit to attempt would come and destroy them; the Remainder was in any thing against the Enemy’s Ships there: And tl*e Brest Road: The Inhabitants of Comeret were removed, Land Officers are of Opinion, that the Troops, can do for Fear of a Descent. nothing the re, without the Protection of the Fleet: The

July the 19th, In another he says, he believes the Flag Officers think it is not safe for toe Fleet to attempt French great Ships are disarmed; and thereupon pro- any thing against the Enemy at Rochfort, the Season poses, as his Opinion, the Laying up of our great Ships: being so far advanced; but the Flag Officers think the That the rest of the Fleet would be strong enough against Fleet may lie on the Coast of Normandy till towards the any Enemy that will oppose. latter End of August, to protect an Attempt upon Havre

22th Torbay. By reason of the Weather, and more de Gr, Le Hogue, or any Place thereabouts: And convenient Taking-in of Victuals, he was come to Tor- resolved, That the Fleet ,lie on the Coast accordingly. bay: Tomorrow he would go to his former Station, The Flag Officers also resolved, That something might and send Ships to relieve those on the French Coast: be attempted at St. Malo, Brest, or Rochfort, with Pro-In Answer to my Desire of him to appoint a Rendez- bability of Success, were not the Season so far advanced, vous for the Transport Ships to join-the Fleet, he says, as not to admit of the Fleet's going with Safety to see " Really I am not able to tell you; only I think not in whether any thing may be done in those Places.

Ahe Sea; either they Should come to the Fleet, or the July the 29th, Mr. Russell writes a very long Letter,

Fleet to them, lest Accidents hinder-the Joining; doubt- with Reflections upon the Whole, less, the less Time they are on board, the better for Men July the 31th, The Queen ordered Mr. Russell and Horses." - to detach immediately, under the Command of a Vice

July the 26th, The Queen taking notice of the Advice Admiral or Rear Admiral, all the English and Dutch received from Captain Wilkins, that he had seen a Squa- Ships of the Third Rate and under, with Twenty Fire-dron of French Men of War off.of Ushant; and that he ships, the Transport Ships with the Troops, the Galliots apprehended they were the Ships gone from St. Malo to and Well Boats; with Orders to proceed as near St. Malo Brest, and that would be too late to attempt the destroy- as could be, with Safety to the Ships: The Commander ing them at St.Malo; therefore her Majesty ordered him, to send in such Frigates and Fireships, as he shall judge notwithstanding the Orders of the Fourteenth, to consider proper, into the Road of St. Malo, to support the born-what was proper to be attempted at Brest, or for the De- < banding the Place, and the Descent of the Troops; and atruction of the-Ships in the Bay or Harbour; and he was ‘the Remainder of the Squadron to lie in such Manner as ordered to put in Execution that.Resolution, without ex- was resolved at a Council of War'by Vice Admiral Rook, pecting further Orders: He was also ordered to send a to prevent the Approach of Xbe French £hips from Brest,

156' 20° Decembris. A. 1692-

Papers re- and to sucCour the frigates in St. Mato Road, if the of JVight was to be the Place of Rendezvous: whither greeting the French Should come and attack them, Mr. Russell to go Sir Ralph and Rear Admiral Carter were

Expedition, with the restof the Fleet to Torbay, supplying the Well also directed: And Notice was sent to Mr. Russell, Boats with such Men as he could spare: That the Ships that the French Fleet was believed to be at Sea; and et St. Ma/o{if any thtfre) Should also be attempted, if the the Admiralty was ordered to direct him to sail to that burning the Town succeeded, or sooner, if there were Rendezvous.

Opportunity for it; but her Majesty did not think frt, May the 7th, Mr. Russell acknowleges the Receipt that any Attempt Should be made as yet at Le. Hogue oc of the Orders of the Fifth; and says, "That his present Havre de Grace: Sir John Ashby was also ordered to Thoughts are, that the most certain Way to have the join Mr. Russell with the First and Second Rates, and to Fleet join, had been to have had this Squadron anchored eend the rest to the Coast of St. Male: The Duke of off of the Nesse or but says, "1 shall cer-

Leinster had Orders suitable to the above-named; and I tainly perform what I am commanded." acquainted Mr. Russell with these Orders to Sir John May the 8th, He sailed by Dover with a fair Wind, Ashby and the Duke of Leinster; and that the Queen and stopped in Rye Bay till the Twelfth, appointed Captain Bembo to command the Well Boats cjth, Mr. Russell calls a Council of War; who, upon

and Galliots, being recommended by Mr. Russell, unless considering the Orders which have been given to Sir Mr. Russell could pitch upon a fitter Person: And that, Delavall, for the proceeding with the Squadron under his so soon as the Attempt at St. Main was over, or found Command, were of Opinion, That, for the more sure and impracticable, the Squadron Should retum to St. Helen's, speedy joining the said Squadron with their Majesties sending Notice to Mr. Russell, that he might do so too. Ships, they Should remain there Forty-eight Hours; and July the £Oth, off of the Highlands of St. Albans, that, if the Wind blow hard Westerly, the Fleet Should Mr. Russell incloses a Result of a Council of War of this come to an Anchor off the Nesse; and that, if it blow hard Day; That, upon Consideration of the Queen’s Order of Easterly, they Should sail to an Anchor at Helens.

the Twenty-sixth, they do not see any Reason to differ Thirteenth, Mr. Russell says, the Wind blew so ex-

from their Opinions of the Twenty-eighth, relating to treinely hard Easterly while he lay in Rye Bay, that he Brest and St. Main:.But the Destruction of St. M could not purchase.his Anchors till Yesterday; and then being so particularly recommended, notwithstanding, by the Wind was so strong, that several of the Ships were the Advice her Majesty has received, it is believed the forced to leave their Anchors behind them.

Ships of War are escaped from thence; it is resolved the nth, Mr. Russell was directed to call a Council of Fleet shall sail to St. Helens, as the most proper Place, War, and to attack the if strong enough; a

to be kept entire to put in Execution her Majesty’s Com- Battle being much to be wished, with the Advantage he inands; which, if contrary to the Opinions of the Coun- hath of the French being in the Chanel, cil of War, they desire may be. positive: And Mr. Rus- , 13th, The like Orders were repeated; and to leave some sell writes, that he is uneasy to find some Service ex- Frigates on the Coast of Normandy, to prevent Transports pected; and yet that nothing can be done, of Conse- from France, while the Fleet were gone Westward, quence to England: And that, if it is believed the St. 13th, Mr. Russell proposes, That, when the whole Malo Ships are escaped, Sir John Ashby Should be or- Fleet is together, a Detachment of Six or Eight Frigates dered away from his Station, to join tie. Fleet. to attend on the Coast of Noimandy; and then the Sol-

August the 1st, I acquainted him that I had delayed diers be embarked, and attack St. Malo, while the Fleet the sending the Messenger with the Orders of the One- lies to the Westward; and afterwards, in case of Success and-thirtieth of July, till I could receive her Majesty’s in a Battle, to pursue them even to taking with

Pleasure upon his Letter, and Council of War of the him the Land Forces.

' Thirtieth: That her Majesty had directed her said May the 14th, Mr. Russell says, " I cannot advise Orders of the One-and-thirtieth of July to be sent to the sending away to the Coast of Nonnandy any of this bim; and that I Should acquaint him, That she had com- Number from the Fleet; but, if the Flag Officers approve inanded several Lords of the Council to go to Portsmouth, thereof, I shall be very free; nor can I think.. reasonable to consider with him at a Council of War, what was to to sail with the Fleet Westward in Search of the Enemy, be done in this Conjuncture; who w'ould be at Port- unless you can have a certain Account where they are, mouth Tomorrow Night - end that they be within a Short Run of us."

Accordingly, the Lord President, Lord Steward, Lord 15th, The Council of War agree with Mr. Russell not Chamberlain, Earl of Rochester, Lord Sidney, Lord to search the French Fleet beyond St. Helen's, without ComwaUis, and myself, went to Portsmouth on the certain Advice that they were on the Coast; but to pro-Second of August; but Mr. Russell and the Officers ceed to Cape de Hague, and return to St. Heleris; which adhered to their former Resolutions. Resolution Mr. Russell said he would execute.

Paper of Heads, 17th, The Queen disapproved this Resolution; and

Before the Battle: that the whole Naval Power ought not to be employed

April the 20th, The Fleet was ordered to the Flats off about Cape de Hague and St. Helen's; and that tbs of the Forelands. Noise of a Descent Should not frustrate the whole Sum-.

22th, The Admiralty was directed by the Queen to mer’s Service; and therefore ordered him to leave Ships, order Mr. Russell to sail with the Fleet to the FlatS off on the Coast of Normandy, and proceed even to Brest, of the Foreland. since the French could not get in.

23th, Sir Ralph Delaoall was ordered to Sea; and 23th, Mr. Russell gives the Reason of this Proceed-, the Flats was to be the Rendezvous of the Fleet, to ing, in his Letter of May the Three-and-twentieth; jp , which Delavall was to retreat, in case he met with a which he complains of the Queen’s Order of the Seven-superior Strength. teenth; and gives his Reasons for his going to Cape de

But the great Ships did not sail till Mr. Russell came Hague; viz. " From this Place the Transport was to be on board the Fleet; who took his Leave of the Queen made hither: The French Fleet was coming to convoy the Twenty-ninth of April, and went to the Fleet in the them; and its appearing on our Coast could be no River on the Third of May; on which Day also the Danger to And says, the Event has justified

Queen sent him Orders so to do. his Opinion: But,

May the 13th, Mr. Russell says, " Had I not sailed May the 13th, Mr. Russell said, " I take the Design the very Moment I did, we had been at this time at the of the Enemy’s Landing in England to be at an End, dll. Buoy of the Nore; but it was done contrary to the they can beat you at Sea; which I am of Opinion they Opinion of the Pilots: But I concluded the Occasion will not attempt, unless you can force them." And, required some Hazard, in which it hath pleased God I May the 14th, Mr. Russell said, "Since the Fleet have been very lucky." is joined, I do not expect to see. the French this Sum-

Maythe 5th, Between Capa dcHague md the Isle aaer."

.. Touching

20° Decembris.

4W.£*M.

757

Touching the Battle;

May the 13 th, Mr. Russell says* "If it please Gdd we have the Victory, we can follow them; not as they did us, but into their very Harbours."

23th, Mr. Russell says, " The Enemy left me in the Evening, between Five and Six a Clock; and that I was then in Search of them: The Weather clearing up,

I saw most of them under the Shore, between Cape Barfleur and Cape Dc Hague, the Wind Eastwardly, and they crouding away to the Westward, and we And the Dutch after them: Some Hours after, the Wind shifting Westerly, they and we plying to Windward upon the Ebb, and they and we anchoring upon the Flood, on the One-and-twentieth in the Morning, I saw most of them get into the Race of Alderney, Eighteen or Twenty of them cutting their Cables, and running to the Eastward, d^c." f

Mr. Russell, in his Relation of the Battle, says, " I sent to all the Ships, that I could think were near me, to chase to the Westward all Night; telling them, I designed to follow the Enemy; and sometimes we could see a French Ship, Two oi- Three, standing away, with all the Sail they could make, to the Westward: About Eight the next Morning, I saw about Thirty-two or Thirty-four Sail distant from ua Two and Three Leagues,

May the 25th, Mr. Russell had resolved, at a Council Of War, to have gone Westward himself with Fifty’ Ships, to Fornheadyin Hopes to have met the Ships which the Dutch, and the Admiral of the Blue, lost Sight of; but, hearing by a Genouese, that he met Twelve French Ships disabled, off'of the Start, bound for Brest, he concluded k was in vain to go thither to look after them.

After the Battle;

May the 23th, Mr. Russell writes, That he designed to Come to St.Helen's; but judges the Downes most proper.

May the 26th, The Earl of Nottingham signified the Queen’s Pleasure, That he Should stay at St. Helen's, to - be readier to execute the Designs he knew of.

May the 31th, Resolved, by the Flag Officers, That the Fleet of Sixty Men of War Should sail to as soon as possible, wkhout staying for Land Men; and send some Frigates, to see what Ships were in Brest AVater, and to act against the Enemy as the Flag Officers jhdged best.

June the 1st, Mr. Russell writes, That he designed to go to Sea with the Ships that were ready, and leave the rest to be refitted.

June the 6th, Upon Intelligence that a considerable Number of French Ships were got into St. , the Queen ordered him to sail AVestward with such Strips as were ready; and, if the French Ships were in St.

'or upon that Coast, to take or destroy them.

May the 23th, Mr. Russell writes, that he believes the French Ships were got into Malo.

Jane the 2d, Mr. Russell acknowleges the Letter from the Lord Jermyn, about the Ships at Malo; but says, he knows not what to make of it.

3d, The Earl of Nottingham sends him the like Advice, which he received from GuernseThat the French Ships were at St. Malo.

4th, Mr. Russell writes, That, if this were probable, certainly the Governor of Guernsey would send some Vessel thither, to know the Certainty.

6th, The Eari of Nottingham sent to Mr. Russell the like Advice, which he received from France, " That the French Ships were at St.Malo; " and,

9th and 1 ith, Repeated it.

13th, Mr. Russell had thelike Advicefrom the Prisoners taken by the Cloudsly Galley; and

Then resolved, at a Council of AVar, to put to Sea with the whole Fleet; And, on the Fourteenth, he sailed from St. Helm's. /

In relation to the Ships at St. Malo;

June the 6th, Mr. Russell was ordered. If he could not destroy the St. Malo Ships without Land Forces, to cruise so as to prevent their Escape to Brcfts Vo 1. X.

June the 23th, The Earl of Nbttingham reminded him of it:

July the 4th, And again, by the Queen’s Command. June the 13 th, Mr. Russell resolves to go to the Fames* head, to intercept their getting to Brest.

June the 17th, Mr. Russell writes, That, if the Enemy be still at St. Malo, he hoped to keep to the West of them:

23th, That it; was impossible to keep the former Station; and resolved, by the unanimous Advice of the Pilots, that the Fleet might ride safely off of Cape to proceed thither:

21, No Way to prevent the St. Malo Ships getting out, and going North about, but by lying before the Port:

30th, That it is impossible to lie any where upon the French Coast, to the Westward of St. Malo, to intercept their Ships going to Brest.

July the 18th, Mr. Russell writes. That he had sent Captain Ncvill, with Thirty Ships, to lie Ten Leagues North from the AVest End of the Isle of Basse, &c.; which he thought the best Posture to intercept any thing that came Eastward or Westward.

June the 30th, Mr. Russell designs to go for St. Malo; though he had little Hopes of doing any thing the re with the Fleet.

July the 3d, Mr. Russell says, the Pilots would not venture over to St.Ala/o, the Weather being thick, and the Ground not being good for above Forty Ships.

July the 13th, Mr. Russell writes, That k was resolved by Vice Admiral Rook, at a Council of AVar, while he was on the French Coast, that a Squadron of Ships in the Summer Season may be ventured to lie before St. Malo.

14th, Mr; Russell resolves, at a Council of AVar, to go Ten Leagues South from the Start, as the moss proper Station to present the Escape of the St. Mala Ships.

But, on the 25th, Mr. Russell sent Fifty Ships under Sir John Ashby (as he had before, on the Eighteenth, sent Thirty under Captain Ncvill), to lie Fifteen Leagues North from the Isle of Basse, to prevent the Escape of the Ships at St.Malo.

As to the Attempt upon St. Malo, and the Ships; May the 13th, Mr. Russell says; St. Malo, by the best Informations, is easily taken:

June the 13th, AVhen the Fleet is to the AVestward of St.Malo, something must be attempted to destroy

them:

June the 17th, He will consider, with the Flag Officers, What can be done, and how:

21th, Something ought to be hazarded for the destroying those Ships:

23th, If an Attempt can be made with Probability of Success, it shall be pushed:

June the 30th, He had little Hopes of doing anything with the Fleet on that Place:

July the 3d, And, it not being fit for the whole Fleet to anchor before St. Malo, he detaches Vice Admiral Rook to examine the Ground, and get an Account of the Ships at St. Malo; and comes away wkh the Fleet from Guernsey to the Start.

As to the Attempt with the Assistance of Land Forces; June the 6th, the Queen ordered Mr. if

Land Forces were necessary, to send Notice of it, that what he judged requisite, might immediately be sent to him.

9th and 11 th, This was repeated to him by the Earl of Nottingham.

But Mr. Russell sent no Answ er to that Part of the Letter: Only,

On the Thirteenth Mr. Russell writes, That the Land Army would be of great Use: But,

On the 23th, He says, AVhether the Land Men can be serviceable, he cannot judge: And,

July the 4th, He says, If the Number of Men to be landed did not exceed Twelve thousand, they can be bf

9 F no

Papers

respecting the Expedition.

20° Decembrts. A. i6yi*

Papers no Use at St. Malo', and proposes the Landing at

inspecting the

to take awuv the Cannon which the French had xpe mon. gsjiej Up. as Was afterwards, on the Twenty-eighth of July, resolved to be done: But,

On July the 10th, He says, Half the Number of Men, a Month since, would have performed what can be expected from Double their N umber now.

Concerning the Descent;

The Establishment of the Traiu of Artillery was settled by the King, before he went out of England.

March-the 5th, Orders were sent to the Victualers of the Navy, and Commissioners of Transport, to provide Victuals and Shipping for the Men designed for the Descent. And,

However the News of the French Designs upon England might interrupt the Proceedings; yet, immediately after the Battle, the necessary Orders were reinforced: And, particularly,

May the 21 th, Mr. llusscll was desired to send some Ships to the Shannon, to convoy from thence the Artillery which was to be used in the Descent,

And, the Transport Ships not being come about from Bristol7, and to prevent any Disappointment of the Service, for want of them,

June the 29th, the Earl of Nottingham signified the Queen’s Pleasure to him, That he Should send all the Tenders to Portsmouth, that he could spare from the Fleet.

July the 1st, This was repeated to Mr. Russell.

6th, Mr. Russell writes, That he will send them.

8th, Mr. Russell writes, That, if they are wanted, he will send them.

19th, They arrive at Portsmouth.

10th and 29th, Mr. Russell writes to this Effect:

First, That no Resolution was taken for any Attempt on France.

Secondly, That the Admiral and Officers were not informed of those Resolutions.

Thirdly, Nevertheless the Army is embarked, and sent to cruise for ti e Fleet.

Fourthly, And, when joined, it was too late to make any considerable Attempt.

In relation to the First and Second;

The King resolved upon the Attempt of St. Malo and Brest, before he left England.

In order to the Execution of these. Designs, the Duke of Leinster, the Lord Gallway, and Mr. Russell, met several times; and a French Refugee, lately come from France, attended them with exact Descriptions of those Places.

February the 26th, The King communicated the Design on Brest to the Committee of Council.

March the 1 st, Mr. Russell was ordered to prepare, by the Advice of the Flag Officers, a Draught of Instructions proper for that, and all the Operations of the Campaign.

March the 3d, The Queen required this Draught. 9th, The Earl of Nottingham repeated it to him.

17th, The Queen again required it. But,

Mr. Russell never sent it.

13th, Mr. Russell himself proposes the Attempt on St. Malo and Brest.

May the 26th, The Queen approved his coming to St.Helens, that he might be readier to execute the Designs he knew of.

May the 31th, It was resolved, at a Council of War, That a Fleet of Sixty Sail Should go to Ushant, in order to attempt Brest, if possible.

June the 6th, the Queen ordered Mr. Russell to make the Attempt on St. Malo, and the Ships there.

June the 9th, The Earl of Nottingham wrote to him, That St.Malo ought to be attempted, if there was any Prospect of Success, by any means.

13th and 21th, Mr. Russell again says, That something oug;ht to be attempted atiSf. Malo, though it Should be with Hazard.

June the 23th, and July the 4th ondt 1 th, In order to

the more effectual Attempt on St. Malo, Mr. Russell wai desired to endeavour to prevent the Escape of the Ships, till our Troops came to him.

July the 4th, The Earl of Nottingham acquainted him* That the Queen w&s resolved to have the Destruction of the St. Malo Ships attempted, if possible.

July the 6th, Mr. Russell doubts whether the Design be on that Place.

7th, The Earl of Nottingham again tells him, That the Queen continued this Resolution.

July the 8th, Mr. Russell observes, That the Queen resolves to have the Destruction of the St. Malo Ship? attempted.

14th, The Queen ordered it, if possible.

He answers the Earl of Nottingham's Letter of the Seventh, in his of the Tenth.

July the loth, Mr, Russell says, " Give me Leave to observe one Passage in your Lordship’s Letter: That, when the Army joins us, a Resolution will be taken what . to do, as a Council of War of Land and Sea Officers will advise."

In relation to the Third Point;

That the Army is embarked, and sent to cruise in Search of the Fleet.

July the 4th, He was desired to appoint a Rendezvous for the Transport Ships, with the Fleet; and, if he did not name one, the Troops would be sent toward^ St. Malo.

July the 13th, He writes, That he would send a Rendezvous, when agreed on; but that at present he named Eight Leagues off of the Start.

18th, Guernsey was proposed to him for the Render

vous, unless he knew' a better.

22th, He says, " Really I am not able to tell you."

25th, He takes notice, That the Troops were embarked; and that he would come to Spithead, if the Wind was Westerly; but, if Easterly, he would be in Torbay.

July the 26th, The Troops sailed, with the Wind Easterly: And Mr. Russell came, with the Fleet, towards Spithead.

As to the Fourth Point;

That it was too late to make any considerable Attempt.

The Designs of the French Descent here interrupted the Preparations that were at first ordered; but no Delay has been occasioned for want of timely Orders being given or sent away to all Persons whatsoever concerned in the Preparations or Execution of the intended Descent

But, when all w as ready, which was on the Twenty-sixth July, the greatest Ships might have stayed out till the End of August, as the Council of War resolved; and all but the First and Second Rates, to the* End of September, as Mr. Russell proposed: And,

July the 1 qth, Mr. Russell proposes the Laying up of the First and Second Rates; and that the Remainder of the Fleet would be sufficient to oppose any Enemy.

The Council of War of # agree, That a Squadron might lie before St. Malo in the Summer: And,

July the 10th, Mr. Russell explains what is meant by Summer; for he says, that Six Weeks will near conclude That we call Summer.

Touching the Squadron to Newfoundland.

June the 1st, The Queen ordered Mj\ to send

some Ships and Fireships immediately to Newfoundland, to destroy the French there.

5th, Mr. Russell writes, He was cleaning Two Fourth Rates, and Two Fifths, which will be ready in a few' Days; and then they shall gor to Newfoundland.

July the 13, Mr. Russell sent a Copy of the Instruc-tiens he gave to the Commander of this Squadron; but it does not appear when he sailed.

Touching other Services;

May the 26th, The Earl of Nottingham wrote to Mr. Russell, to send Two Frigates on the Coast of

Kent and Sussex, to secure our Fishing, and prevent the Correspondence with Frqnce.

25th,

4 W. & M.

l o'’ — 214

759

25th, Mr. Russell writes, That thfefe will be Ships fenough for the Fleet, and for all the Service the Admiralty used to be so much concerned for.

June the 2d, The Earl of Nottingham wrote to Mr. Russell to send a List of the Ships he desired to keep for the Main Fleet for Newfoundland;and the Coast of Normandy: That the rest might be employed in Cruising.

4th, Mr. Russell says, He does not apprehend a greater Strength frohi the Enertiy than we shall be, all Services performed.

5, Mr. Russell does not desire more than Seventy Ships for the Fleet.

June the loth, Mr. Russell sent a List of the Line of Battle, which would be about Seventy-live; and also of the Ships for the Coast of Normaand of the Cruisers* arid those sent to the Admiralty; which, with the Fourth Hates they have already, will be Sufficient for the Services they have to employ them on.

10th, In another he saith, lie thinks himself strong enough; and shall be able to send in constantly some to clean, and some few to cruize on the Coast of Ireland.

Resolved, That Admiral Russell, in his Command of the Fleet during the last Summer’s Expedition, has behaved himself, with F’idelity, Courage, and Conduct.

Resolved, That the said Resolution be communicated to the Lords at a Conference.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Sir John Moreton do go to the Lords, -to desire the said Conference.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous W ar against France.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for preserving, regulating, and establishing the Fast India Trade.

Ordered, That the Bill for making Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, in capital Cases, Felony, without the Benefit of Clergy, be read the Second time upon Thursday Morning next, before the House do resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Iicholution ’ commending Admiral Kusse 11.

Conference desired with Lords.

Ways

and Means.

East India Trade.

Perjury.

such other Provision made for carrying on the Said Trade, in a regulated Way, as the House Should judge most proper to preserve the same:. And also,

A Petition of divers English Merchants, Clothiers, and Woolen others, inhabiting in the City of York, and Town of King* Wanukctare> stem upon Hull, and Places adjacent, was read 5 setting forth, That there being a Bill brought into this House for the giving to all Persons a free Liberty to export the Woolen Manufacture of this Nation to Hamburgh, &c.

(which Bill the Petitioners conceive will be very prejudicial to the Nation in general, and particularly it will remove the Export of the said Manufacture out of the Hands of English Merchants, and put it into the Hands of Foreigners); it will in time impoverish the Clothing Countries; not only lessen, but endanger the total Loss thereof to this Kingdom; and that it will be very prejudicial to the Navigation of this Kingdom, by Foreigners employing their own Shipping: And praying, That the ancient find well-governed Company of Merchant Adventurers of England may be supported according to their Charter, with such further Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said several Petitions be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for continuing Part of the Act made in the First Year of

O t

their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufacture....

Mr. Shackerly, according to Order, presented to the Royal Mines. House a Bill for Removing of Doubts, and preventing Disputes, concerning Royal Mines; and that the King may have the Pre-emption.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the more speedy and effectual Execution of Brown«’» the Trust created by the Will of Sir Anthony Will.

Baronet, deceased, and of a Decree in Chancery thereupon, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Smith,

Mr. Hinotrey, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Kinas-

ton, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Hunt, Sir Raleigh, Mr.

Grubb, Mr. Windham, Sir Ro. Dovers, Mr. Luttcrell,

Mr. Pawlett, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Serjeant Sir Jcrvas

Elues, Mr. Grams He, Mr. Wilmot, Mr. Weld, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Baile, Sir John BroncnlxrMr. Mr.' Osborne, Sir William Basset; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Southampton and Wilts:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mercia n, 21° die Decembris;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Privilege of pointed to consider how the Privileges of the Members of Members in this Flouse, in relation to the Suits in Law and Equity, may be regulated and limited, be made upon Friday Morning next, in a full House.

Suits.

4® Gulielmi et Mari*.

Pra vers.

T\ O R EC IC Stork took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalisation.

Woolen A Petition of divers Merchants, Clothiers, and others

Manufacture. *n and at>out die Town of Leeds in the County of York, was read; setting forth, That a general Liberty to all Persons to export the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom to Hamburgh, and Places adjacent thereto, hath very much taken the Exportation of that Manufacture out of the Hands of the English, and put it into the Hands of Foreigners: That the Continuance of such a Liberty will, as they conceive, not only put the said Trade into the Hands of Foreigners, but utterly destroy the same, to the Prejudice of this Nation, and the Impoverishing of all the Clothing Countries: And praying that the Hamburgh Company may he established under such Regulations or Vo L. X.

A Bill for the better Recovery, and more equal Dis- Bankrupts, tribution, of Bankrupts Estates, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Sir John Barker, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Mr.

Goldwell, Mr. Fenwick, Lord Cornbury, Sir John Key,

Major Vincent, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir R Mr. Slater,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Colston, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr.

field, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Blmifeild, Mr. Harcourt, Mr.

Biddulph, Mr. Brewer, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Chiisty,

Mr. Heave, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. England, Mr. Bo-oyer, Mr.-Waller, Mr. Clark, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sir I Valter

Young, Mr. Wjlmot, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Peter Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Thornhaugh. Air. Travers, Mr.

Faux, Mr. Colt, Mr. Luttcrell, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Randall, Sir Tho. Haslerigg, Sir H alter Clarges, Mr. Carter,

Colonel Perry, Sir Ro. Davers, Mr. Chetwyn, Colonel Granvile, Mr. FenwickMr. Vaughan; And they are to

meet

Bankrupts*

Special Bail.

Woolen

Manufacture.

Free Pro* ceedings in Parliament.

Lords agree to Conference.

Ways and Means.

Papers returned to Lords at Conference.

ax"' — DecemBrit. 169a.

meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Samuel Crape and Elizabeth

Creditors of Edward Backwell, Esquire, deceased, was read; setting forth, That, about Twelve Years ago, the said Backwell died vastly in Debt (and particularly to the Petitioners), and left a great Estate to pay the same; but Payment of Principal and Interest hath been deferred these Twelve Years, notwithstanding a Commission of Bankrupt was prosecuted by the Creditors for the same: That, on the Eleventh April 1690, the Heir and Trustees of the said Bankrupt produced an Instrument, in Parchment, for paying the Creditors1 Twenty-one Pounds Ten Shillings perCent. m Money, and assigning the remaining Seventy-eight Pounds Ten Shillings/wr Cent, with Interest, on the hereditary Excise; which was executed by. many of die Creditors, and particularly by the Petitioner Crispe, on Behalf of Elix. Pheasant, for Five hundred Pounds Prin-

cipal, due by Bond: That the Petitioners understanding, that a good Bill is now a preparing by the House, for the tatter satisfying the Creditors of Bankrupts, they pray, that the said Heir and Trustees may be so far exempted from any Benefit by the said Bill, as not to be permitted a lesser Composition than diat agreed to die Eleventh of April 1690.

Ordered, That die Consideration of the stud Petition be referred to the said Committee.

delivered back the Papers transmitted from their Lordships.

Then the House again resolved itself into a Committee Way* an! of die whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising die Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left die Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of die Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the stud Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move.

That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cohsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying On a vigorous War against France;and notiling to intervene.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. CommittM*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking special Bail in the Country upon Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster.

Jovis, 22* die Decembris; 4° Gulielmi et Maria?.

Praters.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Encouragement of the Woolen Manufactory of this Kingdom, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingtosSed Bill, touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning at Twelve a Clock.

Sir John Moreton acquaints the House, That he having

according to their Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference with this House, at One a Clock this Day, in the Painted Chamber.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to -consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chafr.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had sat; and that he was directed to move, That the Committee may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, as soon as die Conference with the Lords is over, resolve itself into a Chm-mittee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Siipplyto be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That the Papers, Yesterday transmitted to this House from the Lords, be returned to the Lords at the Conference.

Ordered, That the Members, that managed the last Conference, do manage the Conference with the Lords this Day.

Then the Managers went to the Conference: And being returned;

Colonel Granvile reported from the Conference, That

they had, according to the Order of the House, communicated the Resolution of this House to the Lords; and J7

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Molyaeux’* for rectifying a Mistake in a certain Act of this Estate, present Parliament, passed in the Year.1691, intituled,

An Act to vest certain Lands of William Molynmx, Gen-tieman, in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Two tiiou-sand Pounds, for paying the Portions to his younger Brother, and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in the Court of Chancery, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee to Aulnag* whom the Bill'for transferring the Collection of the Duty Duty., of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and for giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to die Bill; which . tiiey had directed him to report to the House: But that, as to the Blanks in die Bill for settling the Duties of Aulnage, the Committee had not filled up the same; but left the same to the Consideration of the House: Which Amendments he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House, in order to the filling up the said Blanks.

Resolved, That this House will, upoq Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Attorney General, according to Order, presented Supply Bill , to the House a Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid tana Tux. of Four Shillings in the Found for One Year.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time To-, morrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Third time.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered as a Rider to die Bill, That the Bill shall continue for and no longer.

And

Free Proceedings in PurUaneftt,

0

Call of the House.

East India Trade.

Coihmittees.

Sale of Lands in Linculne, tS:c.

Hawley's

Estate.

Eyre's Estate.

Expiring

Laws.

4 W. SI M. 22^23°

And the Question Being put, 'That the said PrPViso be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that tire Title be, An Act touching free and impartial Proceedings' in Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Edwarddo carry the said Bill

to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 23f die Decembris;

4* Gulielmi et Mariae.

P R a y e u^.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for clearing and removing some Doubts, which may arise in an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the vesting several Manors, Lands, and Rents, in the Counties of Lincolne, Berks, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for the buying other Manors and Lands to be settled for the the same, or the like Uses as these to be sold are now settled, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate, Real and Personal, late of Henry Hawley, in Trustees, to be sold, or otherwise disposed of, for the Benefit of his Daughters and Heirs, Susanna and Mary, who are Minors, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Haw try, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Mr. Hopkins, Mr SirOr-

lando Gee, S\vEdward Hussey, Mr. Perry, SirCha. Bloys, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Sam.Dashwood, Sir Rich. Onslozv, Mr.

Waller, Serjeant Thitrborne, Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Brewer, Sir Francis Massam, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Christie, Sir James Rushout, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Cheyney, Mr. Mr. Wharton, Mr. White, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Mr.

Harcourt, Mr. Arnold, Mr. England, Mr. Mr.

Stratford, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Osbourne, Sir Cha. Cartwright, Sir Win. Whitlock, Mr. Clarke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Edicard Hussey reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estate of Anth. Eyre, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Portions for his Children, was committed, That they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table. '

Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee, appointed to inspect what Laws are lately expired, and expiring, and what Laws are fit to be revived, and further continued, and to report their Opinions therein to the Vot.. X.

Becefnbris. i

House, That they had considered' the Matter' to them referred; and bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same i« Ids Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Cterk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for providing of Carriage, by Land and by Water, for the Use of his Majesty’s Navy- and Ordinance (which, by another Act made in the First Year of the late King James, was continued for Seven Years from the Twenty-fourth of June 16S5, and from thence to the End of the First Session of Parliament, and no longer,) which will expire at the End of this Session of Parliament, be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act for Encouraging of Coinage, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (which was continued by another Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of his Reign, for Seven Years, from the Determination of that Session, and from thence to the End of the First Session of Parliament, and no longer; and, by an Act made in the First Year of the late King James, revived, and continued for Seven Years, from the First of August 1685, and from thence to the End of the First Session of Parliament, and no longer), and which will expire at the End of this Session of Parliament, be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better and more certain Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures due to his Majesty (which, by another Act made in the First Year of foe late King James, was continued, from the Nineteenth of 1685, for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament), be made perpetual: And that a Clause be added, impowering and requiring the Barons of the Court of Exchequer to administer an Oath to all Clerks and Officers, to whom it belongs, to make Returns of Estreats into the said Court, touching the Truth of such Estreats.

Resolved, That it ite the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the planting Tobacco in England, and for regulating the Plantation Trade (which, by another Act, made in the First Year of the late King was continued from the Nineteenth of May 1685, for Seven Years, and from thence to foe End of the next Session of Parliament), be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act made in the Nineteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for assigning Orders in the Exchequer, without Revocation (which, by an Act made in the Reign of the late King Janies, was continued, for Seven Years, from the Nineteenth Day of May 1685, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament), be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act made the Twenty-second and Twenty-third of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to revive an Act, intituled, An Act to prevent the Disturbance of Seamen, and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty’s Navy Royal, with some Alterations and Additions (which, by an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of the late King James, was continued, from the Nineteenth of May 1685, for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament,) be continued.

Resolved, That it is foe Opinion of this Committee, That the Act made in the Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to enable Creditors to recover their Debts of Executors, and Administrators of Executors, in their own Wrong (which, by an Act made in the First Year of the late King^rmes w as continued

9 G from

Expiring

Laws.

43* Decembris. A. 1692.

from the Nineteenth of May 1685, for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the First Session of the next Parliament), be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Abuses in printing seditious, treasonable, and unlicensed Books and Pamphlets, and for Regulating of Printing and Printing Presses (which, by an Act made in the First Year of the late King James's Reign, was revived, and Enacted to continue in Force from the Twenty-fourth June 1685, for Seven Years, from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and which will expire at the End of this Session), be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom (which, except what related to the Corporation therein mentioned, was, by an Act made in the First Year of the late King James, Enacted to be in Force from the First of May 1685, for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act of the last Session of this present Parliament, as to what therein related to the Settlement of the Poor, was Enacted to be in Force from the First of March 1691; but no Provision being made thereby as to the other Parts of the said Act, which relate to the apprehending and punishing Rogues and Vagabonds, and the Proceedings against the putative Fathers of Bastard Children), be, as to all other Parts thereof, except what relates to the Corporation, therein mentioned, and thereby constituted, revived and continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act made the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France; as likewise another Act made in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual putting the last mentioned Act in Execution ( both whifch Acts will expire at the End of this Session); be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom (which was to continue for Three Years, and from thence to the End of, the next Session of Parliament; and which will expire at the End of this Session), be continued; except that Part of the Act which relates to the free Exportation of the Woolen Manufacture, which is under the Consideration of the House by another Bill.

And that, as to the Act made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds in the Buying and Selling of Cattle in Smithfield (which, in the First Year of the late

King James, was continued from the Twenty-fourth of June 1685, for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, with a Proviso not to extend to Salesmen or Factors employed by Farmers or Feeders); the Committee submit the same to the Consideration of the House. . _ ,

And that, as to the Apt hiade in the Third Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1692, although the Month’s Pay formerly advanced be not repaid, and which, will expire the Twenty-fifth of March 1693; the Committee do humbly offer the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said several Resolutions being severally read a Second time, one by one; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Act made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds in the Buying and Selling of Cattle in Smithfield, be continued.

Ordered, That a. Bill be brought in for the Reviving and

Continuing of the said several Acts, according to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney General do prepare and bring in the said Bill: And that he do also prepare and bring in a Clause for the better Encouraging of Privateers, which may be consistent with the Act for prohibiting^Trade and Commerce with Prance: And also that he do prepare and bring in a Clause for the making the Act for enabling Creditors to recover their Debts of Executors, and Administrators of Executors, more effectual.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for the raising the Militia. Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1693, although the Month’s Pay formerly advanced be not repaid: And that Mr. Attorney General do prepare and bring in the said Bill.

Then the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Supply Bill; Four Shillings in the Pound for One Year, was, according Land Tax* to the Order of the Day, read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill;

The Question was put, That the Question be now put.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for ,he YeM>{

Tellers forte Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Maccles-Sir James Astry; feild’s Estate.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, '

An Act to enable Ralph Macclesfeild to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also a Bill, intituled, An Act for the settling the powen's Manor of Kingsnoth, for the enabling Barnham Powell, Estate. Esquire, to make Provision for his younger Children: To which they also desire the Concurrence of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew,

Mr. John How, according to the Order of the Day, Privilege of reported from the Committee appointed to consider how Members in the Privileges of the Members of this House, in relation Suit*‘ to Suits in Law and.Equity, may be regulated and limited, and to report their Opinions therein to the House,

That they had considered of the Matter to them referred; and had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Member of this House enjoy the Privilege of his Person, against Arrests and Imprisonments, in such Manner as has been heretofore used and accustomed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Member have any Privilege (except Personal) against a Commoner, in any Suit or Proceedings in Courts of Law or Equity, for any longer Time than the House shall be actually sitting for the Dispatch of Business in Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Commoner have at all times Liberty to file an Original, a Bill of Middlesex, Latitat, or Quominus; or make an Entry to save a Right, in order to prevent a Bar, by the Statutes of Limitations, against any Member of this House, notwithstanding any Privilege whatsoever.

Resolved,

} ll9-| 200.

Adjourn-

ment.

Parker's

Estate.

Newark upon Trent Writ.

Popham’s

Estate.

Supply Bill Land Tax.

4 W, tfM. a 30 — a8° — -290 Decembris. 763

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to That if any Member shall, upon Notice in Writing, refuse them referred; and had directed him to move, That they to give an Appearance to any Action whatsoever brought may have Leave to sit again.

against him by a Commoner at any time (except when the Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning House shall be actually sitting, as aforesaid) the Plaintiff, next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of in such Action, shall have Liberty to complain thereof, the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill, by Petition, in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That _ Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom- £rivileSe of a Commoner have at all times Liberty to exhibit any Bill ing next, at Eleven a Clock, take into Consideration the ers ln in Equity against any Member of this House, to examine Report from the Committee appointed to consider how Witnesses thereupon, in order only to preserve their Tes- the Privileges of the Members of this House, in relation timony; notwithstanding any Privilege whatsoever. to Suits in Law and Equity, might be regulated and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, limited.

That no Servant of any Member shall at any time have,

any Privilege, against any Suit or Proceeding in Law or Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning Aulnage

Equity, brought by a Commoner against him, except only »e*t, alter the Call of the House, resolve itself into a Duty-as to the arresting and imprisoning his Person during the Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for actual Sitting of Parliament for the Dispatch of Business, transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the as aforesaid. Custom-house, and giving a Recommence to the Crown

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, for the same.

That the meeting of the House at any time, in order only

to an Adjournment or Prorogation, shall not be understood Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning London or interpreted to give any other than personal Privilege next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Orphans. " of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London, touching the Orphans.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock,

Jervis, 29° die Decembris;

to any Member, against a Commoner.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, take the said Report into Consideration.

Resolved, That the House do adjourn until Wednesday next.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Nine a Clock, accordingly.

Merctirii,28* die Decembris;

4° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir George Parker, of Ration in the County of Sussex, Baronet, to make a Settlement upon his Marriage, notwithstanding his Minority, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newark upon Trent in the County of Nottingham, in the room of Nicholas Sanderson, Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Esquire,

to settle a Jointure upon his Wife, and to make Provision for the younger Children, upon Receipt of Twelve thousand Pounds Portion, to be applied for Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Alexander Popham, Esquire, to settle a Jointure upon his Wife, and to make Provision for younger Children, upon Receipt of Twelve thousand Pounds Portion, to be applied for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwyn do carry the said Bill to the

Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Commit-Vol. X.

40 Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

QASPER Frederick Pfenning, Henry Ulcken, and

Kelien Van Renselaei', took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Hopkins reported from the Committee to whom Hawley’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate, the vesting the Estate, Real and Personal, late of Hairy Hawley, in Trustees, to be sold, or otherwise disposed, for the Benefit of his Daughters and Heirs Susanna and Mary, w ho are Minors, was committed, That they had considered of the said Bill; and had examinedthe Allegations thereon; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Bathurst, according to Order, presented to the Danb/s House a Bill for the settling a Jointure on the Wife of Jointur*. Anthony Danby, Esquire; and for making Provision for his Brothers, and younger Children; and for Payment of Debts. And the same was received.

Mr. Fenwick, according to Order, presented to the special House a Bill for taking special Bails in the Country, upon Bails. Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time-

Mr. Waller reported from the Committee to whom the clandestine Eill to prevent Frauds by clandestine Mortgages was com- Mortgages, mitted, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House:

And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were once read throughout; and then a n Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Browne's

Will

Pin makers Trade.

Eyre’s

Estate*

Sale of Lands in Lincolne,&c.

Wye and Ltigg Navigation.

Fees of Law Courts.

Bridgwater

Navigation.

764 290 DecembriA. 169 a.

Mr. Neale reported from the Committee tp whom the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the Trust created by the W ill of Sir Anthony Browne, Baronet, deceased, and of a Decree in Chancery thereupon, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Colonel Godfrey, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for confirming to the Company of Pinners of London their Charter, and for prohibiting the Importa-tien of Foreign Pins. And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Anthony Eyre, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Portions for his Ghildren, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Edzcard Hussey do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for clearing and removing some Doubts which may. arise in an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the vesting several Manors,' Lands, and Rents, in the Counties of Lincolne, Berks, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for the buying other Manors and Lands, to be settled for the same or the like Uses, as those to be sold are now settled, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clarke, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Freke, Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hawtrey, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Felton, Mr. Speke, Mr. How, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Lord Marquis

Winton, Mr. Travers, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Mr.

Waller, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Edward Hussey,

Mr. Christie, Lord Bellamont, Colonel Cooke, Mr. England, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Burdett, Sir grave, Sir RowlandGzcyn, Mr. Lutlcrell, Mr. Boyle, Sir

Wm. Forester, Captain Bickerstaffe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for making the Rivers Wye and Lugg navigable be read upon Saturday Morryng next, at Ten a Clock.

navigable River lending from Bridgwater towards the Town of Taunton in Sommersettshire; and having been at great Charges for the Good of the Country, in repairing a Bridge built over the same by John Mallet, Esquire, the Lady Mallet's late Grandfather, deceased; and divers Disputes arising thereupon; and praying Leave to bring in a Bill for settling the Navigation of the said River, and for repairing the said Bridge.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter therein alleged; and state the same, with the Conveniencies and Inconveniencies that may arise to the Country; and to report the same to the House.

And it is referred unto Sir Edward Seymour, well, Mr. John Haw, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Boyle, Sir Cha.

Keymis, Mr. Clerke, Sir William Cooper, Mr. Speke, Mr.

Bade, Colonel Cooke, Lord Norris, Sir

Mr. St. John, Sir Jos. Herne, Sir RDutton, Mr. Hawtrey, Mr. Price, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Waller, Sir Richard Haw, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Dolben,

Mr. Bertie, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Bow Mr. England,

Mr. Granvile, Mr. Smith, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Freke, Sir John Darrell, Mr. Foley, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. Stokes, and all the Members that

serve for the County of Somerset, and for South Wales:

And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lord Digby have Leave to go into L,ave of the Country for a Fortnight, to the Funeral of his Absence. Mother.

A Bill to prevent the Abuse in Packing and Weighing Butter and of Butter and Cheese, was read the Second time. CheeseTrade.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gold-well, Mr. Hawtry, Sir John Barker, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Cha.Bloys, Mr. Shackerley, Serjeant Trenchard, Sir

Parsons, Serjeant Tremaine, Mr. Papillion, Sir Wm.

Honywood, Mr. Maine, Mr. Pooley, Mr. Mr.

England, Sir Sam. Dashwood, Sir John Wynn, Sir Sam. Bernardislon, Lord Sherrard, Mr. Clarke, Sir William Cook, Mr. Beddingfeild, Mr. Haw, Mr. Harcourt, Sir

John Darrell, Mr. Waller, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Mallu An-drewes, Mr. Robinson, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Wm. Lemon,

Mr. Done, Mr. Chetwin, Mr. Bloufeild, Sir John More-ton, Mr. Lutterell', Lord Pawlet, Mr. Cook, Sir

Raleigh, Mr. Baile, Mr. Traverse, Sir John Knight, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Serjeant Wogah,

Mr. Piggott, Mr. Willmot, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Arnold, Mr.

Dyot, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolkc, Suffolke, Chester, and Somerset, and for Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the Lists of the Fees, which have, by Order, been returned to this House by the Officers of the several Courts at Westminster, the Clerks of the Peace of Middlesex and Surry, and Clerk of the Assize of the Home Circuit, be referred to a Committee: And that they do consider the same; and report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred unto Sir JosTredenham, Mr. Clarke,

Mr. Waller, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Ch. Mr. Hutchin-

son, Mr. Smith, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Travers, Mr. Gold-well, Mr. Buckley, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Femvick, Mr. mott, Mr. Beddingfeild, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Brewer, Mr.

Scobell, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Greenfeild, Mr. Mr.

Serjeant Wogan, Mr. DolbenAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send . Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Cheesemongers of London was pre- Dittos, sented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, being informed a Bill is now depending in this House, for preventing the Abuses in Packing and Weighing of Butter and Cheese; the Substance of which Bill (as the Petitioners humbly conceive) does in no sort comport with the Title; and will be very prejudicial to Trade, and to all Persons who expend or transport those Commodities; and praying to be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Exporting Gold and Silver, and melting down the Coin of this Realm, 9',ld *ud

7 t p t 7 Silver

be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Right honourable Edward Earl of Sandwich and his Wife, and the Lady Anne Bayntun, and John Vtaughan, Esquire, and the Lady Mallett, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by Letters Patents of Car. II41, having the sole Grant of the Navigation of the

25

Ordered, That the Bill to make Perjury, and Subor- Perjury. nation of Perjury, in capital Cases, Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, be read the Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition

Bankrupts*

Leave of Absence*

East India Trades,

Committees*

Parker's

Estate,

Dauby's

Estate.

4 W. & M. 290 — $o° JDecembris. 75

A Petition of Thomas Greenhill, Gentleman, was pre-

sented to' the House, and read; setting forth, That about Twenty Years since, the Petitioner commenced a Suit in Chancery against Sir Thomas , and others, who

brought Five thousand One hundred and Thirty-five Pounds Four Shillings and Sevenquence into Court; which by Order of that Court was lodged in the Hands of Sir Robert Vyner, for safe Custody, to be disposed as the Court Should direct; which Money was afterwards decreed to the Petitioner: That Sir Robert Vyner gave a Judgment, for Security thereof, to Sir John Trevor, the then Master of the Rolls; in whose Name the Petitioner hath extended the Estate of Sir Robert in the City of London; and praying to be heard at the Bar of the House, before any Bill pass, Whereby he may be compelled to accept less from the Estate of the said Sir ’ Robert Vyner than his whole Debt

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Discovery, and more equal Distribution, of Bankrupts Estates, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir John Fagg have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the’ Bill for preserving, regulating, and establishing the Fast India Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Guise took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Guise reported from the said Committee, That

they had made sortie Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That all Committees be revived;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 30° die;

4° Gulielmi et Maria?.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir George Parker, of Ration in the County of Sussex, Baronet, to make a Settlement, upon his Marriage, notwithstanding his' Minority, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Chetuynd, Mr. Campion, Mr. Cooke, Sir Tho. Taylor, Mr. Mr.

Price, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Wilmot, Mr. Christie, Mr, How, Sir Hen. Gosse, Sir Orlando Gee, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Bromley, Sir Walter Young, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Harley, Mr. Speake, Sir John Pelham, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. May, Mr. Lutterell, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Baile, Sir Fr. Guibon, Sir Ra. Dutton, Sir Cha. Gerald, Mr. Stokes, Mr. England, Mr. Phill. Foley, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Sussex and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for the settling a Jointure on the Wife of Anthony Danby, Esquire, and for making Provision for his Vot. X,

Brothers, and younger Children, and for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, That the Inhabitants of the Province of York may dispose of their Personal Estates by their Wills notwithstanding the Custom of that Province, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act, That the Inhabitants of the Province of York may dispose of their Personal Estates by their Will, notwithstanding the Custom of that Province.

Ordered, That Sir Christ. Musgrave do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for granting a longer time to the Person concerned in the Convex Lights, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill, for not prejudicing the City of London.

And the same was twice read, and amended at the Table; and then read the Third time; and ordered to be made Part of the Bill,

And the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

It passed in the Negative,

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, "That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, after the Call of the House, take into Consideration the Report from the Committee which was appointed to consider how the Privileges of the Members of this House, in relation to Suits in Law and Equity, may be regulated and limited.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Meredeth;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do desire a free Conference with this House, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, in the Painted Chamber upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That this House do agree to a free Conference with the Lords, as the Lords do desire;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the } 61.

Tell-for.heNoes,{^Xt-^'OT’ }

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will return an Answer to the said Message by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again; And Mr, Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

9H

l

Disposition by WiU m, York,

Convey

Lights*

Supply Bill \ Land Tax.

Privilege of Members in Suits.

Lords desire Conference.

Committees,

7 66 3l0 Decembris. ’ 1692.

Sabbati, 31* die Decembris;

4° Guliehni ef Alariae.

Prayers.

Hawley’s A N ingrossed - Bill -from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. J1 for vesting the Estate, Real and Personal, late of

Henry Hawley, in Trustees, to be sold, or otherwise disposed, for the Benefit of his Daughters and Heirs Susanna and Maty, who are Minors, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

'Orda'cd, That Mr. Hopkins do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Wake’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. to enable William JVake, Gentleman, and JVm. Wake, Doctor in Divinity, to make Leases for Lives, or Years, within the Manor of Shapwick, in the County of Dorset, was -read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henning, Mr. Freeman, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Brewer, Sir Jerv.

Ehves, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Christy, Mr. Preston, Mr. rey, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Thomhaugh, Mr. Price, Mr. How, Mr. Slater, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hawtry, Mr.

Mr. Willmot, Sir Jos. T Sir Orlando Gee, Mr. Freake, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Mr. Hopkins, Mr.

Balsh, Sir JVm. Honyxcood, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Waller, Sir Sa. Bemadiston, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Bockenham, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Maccles- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act field’s Estate, to enable Ralph Macclesfeild to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

jtolyneux’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for the rectifying a Mistake in a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Year 1691, intituled, An Act to vest certain Lands of William Gentleman, in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, for paying the Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in the Court of Chancery, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Waller, Colonel Perry, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Colonel Kirby, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Preston, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Christie, Sir Jervas F/wes, Mr. Haw-trey, Mr. How, Mr. Willmot, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Wm. Lawson, Sir Wm. Cook, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Pollen, Sir Tho. Po.Blunt, Sir Wm. Lemon, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Cook, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Arnoldand all the Alembers that serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Lancaster, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Importing Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom Silk. the Bill for the Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and

Naples Thrown Silk, over Land, was committed, be made upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Militia. Air. Attorney General, according to Order, presented

to the House a Bill for the raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1693, although the Alonth’s Pay formerly advanced be not paid.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Hair Alajor Perry, according to Order, presented to the

Buttons. House a Bill for the prohibiting the Importation of all Foreign Buttons made of Hair, and other Foreign Buttons.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That Jhe Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Profanation levying Twelve-pence a Sunday, according to the Statute °I L«rd’» of 3* JocfI. upon all Persons who shall not go to Church,

or some other Place of religious Worship.

A Bill for taking special Bails in the Country upon Special Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of King's Bails. Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Mr Beddingfeild, Mr Air. Lamp-

ton, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Ro. Eden, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Cook, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Christy, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr.

Taylor, Colonel Perrey, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Mr.

Willmot, Mr. Carr, Mr.* Palmes, Sir Math.

Mr. Waller, Mr. Price, Mr. Blowfeild, Mr. Lutterell,

Sir John Guise, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. England, Mr. Bromley, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Papillion, Mr.

Freeman, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Greenfeild, Sir Ralph Carr, Mr. Foster, Mr. Bickerstajfe, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Burdett:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to prevent the Exportation of Gold and Silver, Exporting

and melting down the Coin of this Realm, was read the 0 1 . Oliver.

Second time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the YeM,

Tellers for the Noes,{j£; g^’

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

137-126.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Wooleu wrhom the Bill for continuing Part of the Act of Parlia- Manufar-ment made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for tures* the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures, was committed, be made upon 7'hursday Aloming next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Advice to whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of that tliu Kin^' Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby his Majesty desires the Advice of this House, be made upon Friday Aloming next, at Eleven a Clock.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, after the Call of the House, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Privilege of ing next, take into Consideration the Report from the Members in Committee appointed to consider how the Privileges of Suits-the Members of this House, in relation to Suits in Law and Equity, might be pegulated and limited.

23 Resolved,

Aulnag*

Duty.

Malicious Informations.

Osbaston's

Estate.

Regulating

Servants.

Militia.

4 W. & M. 31° Decembrii — 20 Jamani. j6l1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 2° die Januarii; -4° Gulielmi et Mariee.

Prayers. n

AN ingrossed Bill to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill; That the same Should not extend to Informations by the Attorney General.

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Ann Osbaston, Daughter of Henry Os-baston, Gentleman, deceased, by Ann her Mother, was read; setting forth, That Francis Osbaston, Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner’s Uncle, by his last Will, gave to his Daughter Mary Ten thousand Pounds for her Portion, to be paid at her Age of Sixteen, or Day of Marriage, she releasing to his Brother Hen. (the Petitioner* said Father) all her Right to his Copyhold Lands: And willed, that his Brother Hen. Should pay Two hundred Pounds per Annum for his Daughter’s Maintenance, Four hundred Pounds per Annum to his Wife for her Life, and pay all his Debts: And, upon those Considerations, he gave to him, and his Heirs, all his Manors , and Lands in England; and, soon after, died: That Henry, by his Will 28 June 1684, devised, That all the Estate of his Brother Francis, after his Niece Mary Osbaston Should attain the Age of Sixteen Years, or be married, Should be sold for Performance of the Devises of his Brother’s Will; and willed the Overplus to the Petitioner, and her Sister Sarah, since deceased: That the said Mary will attain her Age of Sixteen the Tenth of this Instant; and her

said Portion will then grow due, but cannot be paid but by Sale of the said Estate: That, for want of Surrenders to the Use of the Will of the said Henry, the Copyhold Estate is descended unto his Daughter Mary; though, by his Will, she was to release her Right thereto, on Payment of her said Portion: That the Copyhold Premises cannot be sold, nor the other Estate disposed of to the best Advantage, without the Assistance of the House, by reason the Petitioner, and the said Mary are Infants: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for Sale of the Estate of the said Francis Osbaston, for raising the said Ten thousand Pounds Portion to the said Mary Osbaston, and Arrears of the several Annuities of Two hundred Pounds and Four hundred Pounds per Annum charged thereupon, and of the Debts of the said Francis Osbaston.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulating of Servants, and preventing Inconveniences arising by idle and disorderly Servants, and other Persons: And that Mr. Serjeant Wogan and Mr. Chadwick do prepare and bring in the said Bill.

A Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Vol. X.

Year 1693, although the Month’s Pay formerly advanced be hbt repaid, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That th'e Bill be committed, upoti the Debate of the House, unto Sir John Guise, Mr. Mr.

Ryder, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Slater, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Gold-well, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Pollen, Lord Coningsby, Mr.

How, Sir John Wynn, Sir Walt. Young, Sir Jerv. Elwes,

Mr. Hutchinson, Colonel Beaumont, Mr. Major

Vincent, Mr. White, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Mr.

Clark, Mr. Freeman, Mr Perry, Mr. Chadwick, Sir Franc.

Blake, Mr. Arnold, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Piggott, Mr.

Waller, Mr. Hawtry, Sir Wm. York, Sir Robert Jenkinson,

Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Speke,

Mr. Fuller, Sir Fr. Guibon, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Travers, Sir Wm. HonyWood, Mr. Cook,- Mr. Bulkley, Mr.

LuttereH, Mr. Harley, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Fawkes,

Sir John Key, Lord Sherrard, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Smith,

Mr. Shockerly: And all that come are to have Voices:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Foiir a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a free Con- Conference ference with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the agreed to last Conference.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last Conference, do manage the said free Conference.

Ordered, That Admiral Russell, Sir Tredenham,

Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Finch, Mr. Boscuwen, Sir Walter

Young, Colonel Titus, Mr. Comptroller, Colonei Churchill, be added to the Managers.

Ordered, That the Managers do meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and prepare themselves for the said free Conference.

Ordered, That Colonel Granvile do go to the Lords Tomorrow Morning; and acquaint them, That this House doth agree to the said free Conference.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question put. Call of th< That the House be now called over, according to the House. Order of the Day;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeUe.for.heY

TeUe.for theN^j"^ }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

‘ Then the House was called over: And such as made Default were noted down, and called over again; and several of them were excused.

Ordered, That Sir Mark Milbank, Baronet, Henry Dawny, Esquire, John Bence, Esquire, Sir Tho. Miller,

Knight, James Butler, Esquire, and Henry,

Esquire, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting themselves from the Service of the House.

Ordered, That no-Member of this House do presume to leave the Service of the House, without Leave first had for the same, upon Pain of being sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the House be called over again upon This-day-fortnight: And that such Members as shall not then attend the Service of the House be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply Bili, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Land Tax. consider farther of the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings in the round for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Chm-mittee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved,

768 2°---30 JattJL 169 a,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do prepare a Borrowing Clause, to be added- to the said Bill; arid present the same to the said Committee.

Privileges of Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom-

Suitaf5*1* *nS nex*» at Eleven a Clock, take into Consideration the ul Report from the Committee appointed to consider how

the Privileges of the Members of this House, in relation to suits in law and Equity, may be regulated and limited.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except the Committee of Managers of the free Conference.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mr.'Speaker, The Lords have passed mi. Bill, intituled, Wentworth’s An Act to enable Sir John Wentworth, Baronet, an In- Estate> fant under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, to make a Jointure, and Set&ement of his' Manors and Lands in the Counties of York and Westmorland: To which they de-

sire the Concurrence of this House.

And* also a Bill, intituled, An Act for the enabling Sir Mannock's William Mammock, Baronet, to charge his Estate, for the ^upraising his younger Childrens Portions: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also a Bill, intituled, An Act- to enable Richard Walthall’s Walthall, Esquire, to sell Lands, for Payment of Portions E3Ut0-and Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Importing whom the J Bill for the Importation of fine Sicilian and SlIk-Naples Thrown Silk over Land, was committed, be made upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Martis, 3° die Jarmarii;

4® Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

g A MU ELL Du Rosscau took the Oaths, at the

Table, appointed in order to his Naturalization.

Executing Mr. Harley, according to Order, presented to the Justice m House a Bill for the better Execution of Justice in the

a*es* Principality of Wales. And

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Crown Office A Bill to regulate Proceedings in the Crown Office of Proceedings, the King's Bench at Westminster, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Christy, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Harley, Mr. Russell, Mr. Freke, Sir Wm. Yorke, Mr. Thornhaugh,

Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Holt, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Edward Chisnall, SiF Math. Andrews, Mr. Foley, Mr. Price, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Hedger, Mr.

Lutterell, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Sir Sam. Bcrnadistoti, Mi*. Lloyd, Mr. Sir Parsons,

Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Waller, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Thompson, Mr. England, Mr. Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr.

Stokes, and all the Members that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber? And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of the-Clerks of the Crown Office, which was formerly read, and laid upon the Table, be referred to die Committee to whom the Bill to regulate Proceedings in the Crown Office of the King's Bench at is committed.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Gott have Leave to go into the Absence. Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Warr have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Seymour have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Thurban have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of hfo Health.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook, and Sir Lacon Wm. Child',

Ordered, That the Bill to make Perjury, in capital Perjury. Cases, Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply Bill; resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Land Tax. consider further of the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound for One Year,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That the Members of the House might prepare and present Commissioners Names to be inserted in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, by Thursday Morning next, Ten a Clock, prepare and present the Names of Commissioners for the several Counties, Cities, and Places, as is usual, to be inserted into the said Bill.

Mr. Attorney General also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the said Committee to move,

That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Momr ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill: And that no other Matter be proceeded upon that Day.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Privilege of ing next at Eleven a Clock, take into Consideration the Members in Report from the Committee appointed to consider how Sults’ the Privileges of the Members of this House, in relation to Suits in Law and Equity, may be regulated and limited.

Colonel Granville acquaints the House, That he hav- Time for ing, according to their Order, been to acquaint the Lords, Conference That this House doth agree to a free Conference with &PPointed' their Lordships, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, the Lords have appointed the said free Conference to be Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- London ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Orphans, mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London, concerning die Orphans of the said City.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

{ '

4 W. & M.

Wentworth’s

Haute.

Browne’s

Will.

Making Sea Water fresh.

Expiring

Laws.

Hertford

Roads.

Leave of Absence.

Mercurii, 4>* die Januarii;

4* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir John Wentwo Baronet, an Infant under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, to make a Jointure out and Settlement of his Manors and Lands in the Counties of York and Wwas read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An in grossed Bill for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the Trust created by the Will of Sir Browne, deceased, and of a Decree in Chancery (here-; upon, was read the Third time.

Ar» Amendment was proposed to be made, by insert- . ing, in P. , L. *, "and by the Authority of the same."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

'Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the Trust created by the Will of Anthony Browne’, deceased, and of a Decree in Chancery thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Neale do ca rry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Etterick, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill to enlarge the Term in the Patent granted to William Wa/cpt, Esquire, for making Sea W utcr fresh,

clear, and wholesome. And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, who is to prepare and bring in a Bill for the Reviving and Continuing of several Acts, which are expired and expiring, do prepare and bring in a Clause for the explaining the Clause in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to take away Clergy from some Offenders, and to bring others to Punishment; whereby Women were to have the Benefit of that Act, as to such Offences where Men have the Benefit of Clergy: And that Mr. Attorney General do prepare and bring in a Clause for reviving the Act made, in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of King Charles the Second, for returning able and sufficient Jurors; and to provide, that Jurors of Twenty Pounds pet Ann. may be returned in all Criminal Cases; and that Copy-holders of Twenty Pounds per Ann. may be Jurors.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Reviving of the Acts made 150 and id* Car. IP1, for repairing the Highways within the County of Hertjoi'd.

Ordered, That Mr. Ogle have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Hair Buttons.

A Bill for the prohibiting the Importation of all Foreign Buttons made of Hair, and all other Foreign Buttons, was read the Second time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /Colonel Perry, letters for me eas,

fSir Walt. Young,

1

J

1

97-

76.

Tellers for the Noes,{

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And it is referred to Colonel Perry, Mr. Hutchinson, iSir William York, Sir Hen. Goff, Sir Mr. Dyot, Sir Jervas Elxces, Mr. Fuller, Sir Sam. Dash-

wood, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Goldwell, Mr. Christy, Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Hobby, Mr.

Mr. Cook, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. freeman,

VOL. X.

Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Willmott, Mr. Waller, Sir Roger Puleston, Mr. Colt, Mr. Dotte, - Air . Lord

Brandon, Sir John Brownlaw, Colonel Lee, Mr. Thorn-haugh, Mr. Balch: And they are to meet this Afternoon at lour of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Then Managers, appointed wept to the free Ch^ Conference ference with the Lords; And being returned; wiihLbrds.

Colonel Gram ill reported from the said free Conference,

That the Alanagers had met the Lords in the Painted,

Chamber, at the free Conference; and that it was opened, by the Earl of Rochester: Who said, That the fi#ee Conference vyas desired by the Lords, for thy Alaiutaining of a fair and good Correspondence between bqtli Houses:

And that Conferences and free Conferences had always . 3

been the usual Alethod of Proceeding in Parliament, vyheq;

the one House had a mind to inquire into any thing the y would be informed of by the other House: That, when the Lords sent dow n to the Commons the Papers relating to the last Summer’s Expedition at Sea, it was with an,

Expectation to have some Light in that Matter, from the Information the Commons might receive from some of their own Alembers; which Expectation of the Lords has. not been answered by the Vote of the Commons delivered to the Lords at the last Conference: That it was a very unusual Proceeding, because it was concerning a Alatter of Fact only, without having given any Reasons, to thq Lords, which moved the Commons to make that Vote; and because many other Things were contained in the said Papers, which might concern several others, besides the Person named in the Vote.

That the Alanagers for this House only returned Answer, That they had agreed to the free Conference, that nothing might be wanting in them that might contribute^ towards a fair and good Correspondence with their Lordships: And that they had not a, Power to proceed to debate the Alatter, till they had acquainted this House with what their Lordships had said.

Ordered, That Sir John Bland have Leave to go into i^ave of the Country for a Alonth, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

r ‘ f

Ordered, That Air. I.angton have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Resolved, That no Alember of this House do presume Members not to accept of any Entertainment at any Publick-house, for to accept ar.y the carrying on any Alatter under the Consideration of I-nUrUlU1‘ . the House; upon pain of incurring the Censure of this mtut' , House.

Then the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve Fagt India itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider iVade. farther of the Bill for preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade, jvas read.

Ordered, That Sir John Guise do take the Chair of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Gjtise took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Guise reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the said Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again. '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Aloroy ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committee? be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till 'JTq-iqoiTow Morning, Eight a Clock.

91

Land Tax Commissioners.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Advice to the King.

East Grim-stead Writ.

Aulnage

Duty.

Committees.

Defaulters discharged frotnCustody.

Sale of T.ai*is in Lmcolne, dec.

77O

5* — 6° Januariu

A. 1692,.

Jovis, 5* die Sanuorii;

' 4* Gulielmi et Maris.

Pbayers.

SE V E It A L of1 the Members, according to the Order of the Day, delivered in at the Table several Lists of Names of Commissioners, to be inserted into the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings hi the Pound for One Year.

Ordered, That the said Lists be referred, and that the Residue of the Lists be presented, to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Then the Hoyse, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to -consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Com- ’ mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill to them committed; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the said Committee do prepare and add a Clause to the said Bill, for transferring to, and placing upon, the Credit of the said Bill, the Sum of Seven hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, borrowed upon the Credit of the Act for a Quarterly Poll.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, whereby his Majesty desired the Advice of this House, be. made upon Wednesday Mo; n-ing next, at Ten a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Grimstead in the County of , in the room of Thomas Sackvile, Esquire, deceased.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same.

or the like Uses as those to be sold are now settled, was committed, That they had considered the same; and had directed him to report the same, without any Amendments t And be delivered the same in at the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Wentworth; enable Sir John Wentworth, Baronet, an Infant under the Estate.

Age of One-and-twenty Years, to make a Jointure out and Settlement of his Manors and Lands in the Counties of York and Westmoreland, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jennings, Sir JVdf. Lawson, Mr. Clark, Lord Mr. Walter, Mr. Piggott, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Hill, Sir

Wm. Lemon, Sir Wm. Honeywood, Colonel Godfrey, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Cooke, Sir Fran. Mr.

staffc, Mr. Dyot, Sir Tho.Miller, Mr. Mr*

Shackerly, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr GeeMr. Hedger, Mr. Slater, Sir Edward Chisnall, Mr. England, Mr.

Mr, Stokes, Sir Richard llone, Mr. Harley, and all the

Members that serve for the Counties of and

York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four ft Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Dyers, Setters, Kalenders, Tillot Dyeing Painters, Pressers, and Packers, in and about the City of Trade* London, was read; setting forth, That formerly Perpe-tuanas and Serges of all Sorts received their full Manufacture by being dyed, 8$c. before they were exported the Kingdom; whereby their Majesties Customs for Indicof and all other Materials used in the Dyeing Trade, were duly paid, and many Thousand Persons fully employed; but, of late Years, Foreigners and others, for their private Gain, and to transfer the Benefit of the Dyeing Trade into Foreign Parts, export the said Manufactures white and complete, and finish them for Use beyond the Seas, to the Ruin of Thousands of Families, and the Loss of the said Trade: And praying, That the Exportation of the said Goods white, and not fully manufactured, may be prohibited, pr such a Mulct laid thereupon, as may prevent the growing Mischiefs occasioned thereby to the Kingdom in general.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Grand Committee for Trade: And that the said Committee do sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Bill for removing of Doubts, and Royal Mines., preventing Controversies, concerning Royal Mines, and that the King may have the Pre-emption, be read the Second time upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Henry JVmchcom Baronet, have i^ave of Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon ex- Absence, traordinary Occasions! ’

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Ordered, That Mr. Clark have Leave to go into the

Country, for Four Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Eight a Clock. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to MaccJes*

enable Ralph Macclesj'eild to sell Lands, for Payment of Estate-Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir John Manwaring, Mr. Dyot, Sir Roger Mr.

Leveson, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Christy, Mr. Bathurst,

Mr. Clark, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir York, Mr. Brewer,

ORDERED, That Sir Thomas Miller, in the Cus- Mr. England, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Mr. Pollen, tody of the Serjeant at Arms, for absenting himself Colonel Perry, Mr. Goldxcell, Mr. How, Mr. Boyle, Mr. from his Service in this House, be discharged, paying Cooke, Mr. England, Mr. Bickerstqff'e, Mr. Burdct, Sir his F ees. Wm. Lemon, Mr, Arnold, Mr. Waller, Mr. Batch, and

all the Members that serve for the Counties of Stafford Mr. Clark reported from the Committee to whom the and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Four a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber, clearing and removing some Doubts which may arise in

an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the vesting Sir Cooper, according to Order, presented to Heriftn*

several Mapors, Lands, and Rents, in the Counties of the House a Bill for reviving Two former Acts of Par- ttwula* Lincolne, Berks, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for the liament for Repairing of the Highways in the County of buying other Manors jmd Lands, to be settled for the satuq Jfertford^ And the same- was* received,

' Ordered,

Veneris, & die Januariii 4* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

4W-& M.

6° — 7° yanuarii.

77 x

Building

Ships.

Batter and

Cheese

Trade.

Ordered, That Leave be given to brin» in a Bill for the Mr Mr Mr. 1Wt, Mr. Price,

encouraging the Building of good and defensible Three- Mr. Cooke, and all the Members that serve for the Deck Ships: And that Mr. Boscowen do prepare and County of York: And they are to meet this After-bring in the same. noon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Masters and Owners of Ships, Vessels, and Hoys, trading in the Importing and Export* ing of Butter and Cheese, was read, setting forth, That for mally Years past, the Petitioners have been employed by divers Merchants and Traders of this Kingdom, to import and export Butter and Cheese; and, according to hncient Custom, have entered into Charter Parties for Performance of their Contracts and Voyages: And that a Bill being now depending in this House, intituled, A Bill for preventing the Abuses in the Packing and Weighing of Butter and Cheese; which, as the Petitioners con-x ceive, will highly invade their now Rights and Properties, and tend to the certain Ruin of all Merchants, and Trade in general; for that the said Bill does enjoin all Masters of Ships and Vessels, when they cpme to any Port (notwithstanding their Charter Parties with the Merchants, to take their Goods on board), to take on board any other Mens Butter and Cheese that shall be tendered to be shipped by any Warehouse-keeper, or . Shipper of Butter and Cheese, before the said Merchants Goods; and praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing the Abuses in Weighing and Packing of Butter and Cheese, is committed.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee. '

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill, with the Amendments, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Punishing Mr. Attorney General, according to Order, presented Mutiny and the House a Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers eseruon. whQ shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters. Which was received.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Sabbati, 7° die Januarii; 4° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Pr

AYERS.

Profanation of the Lord Day.

Danby’s

f R. Christy, according to Order, presented to the ’s _1VA House a Bill for the preventing the Profanation of the Lord’s Day. And the same was received.

A Bill for the settling a Jointure on the Wife of An-. thony Dahby, Esquire, and for making Provision for his

Brothers and younger Children, and for Payment of his* Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bathurst, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Waller, Mr. Tilney, Sir Elwes,

Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Mr. Burdett, Mr.

Hutchinson, Mr. Femeick, Sir Robert Edon, Sir Stcph. Fox, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Lampton, Sir Ralph Carr, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Etterick, Mr. How, Mr

Mr. Staynes, Sir Edward Chisnall, Mr, Christy, Sir John

VouX,

A Petition of Isaack Savery, Gentleman, was read; Savery* setting forth. That he having a good Prospect and As- Name, surance of Advantage, by changing his Surname from Savery to that of Seale, and to prevent all Doubts, and praying Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mannock.’* for the enabling Sir William Mannock, Baronet, to charge Estate-his Estate, for the raising his younger Children Portions, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Westeme have Leave to go into Leave of

the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence.

casions.

N

Ordered, That Sir Charles Wyndham have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Jonathan Jennings reported from the Committee Wentworth’s to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate.

An Act to enable Sir John Wentworth, Baronet, an Infant under the Age of Twenty-one Years, to make a Jointure out and Settlement of his Manors and Lands in the Counties of York and Westmorland, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they liad directed him to report to the House:

And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where, the same were once read throughout; and are as followed!;

Press i, L. i, after "Wentworth," add " of North Empsall in the County of York, Baronet."

L. 12, after "York," and before "and," add "and in the County of the City of York"

In the Title, after " York," add " in the County of the City of York."

The said Amendments were read afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Jonathan Jennings do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with the said Amendments: To which Amendments this House desires their Lordships Concurrence.

Sir John Guise presented to the House a Bill for re- Severn* pealing Part of the Act made in the Thirtieth Year of Fislie,7* King Charles the Second, for Preservation of Fishing in the River Sevei'ne. And the same was received.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Gregory Indemnity and Mr. Baron Turton: for acting ii)

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, the Kingdom An Act for preventing Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service in the Defence of the Kingdom: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cook and Popham* Sir Lacon William Child; Estate.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Alexander Esquire, to

settle a Jointure upon his Wife, and to make Provision for younger Children, upon Receipt of Twelve thousand Pounds Portion, to be applied for Payment of his Debts; with some Amendments: To which Amendments they flesire £he Concurrence of this House.

Ordered,

V — VJ

Defaulter

discharged

fiomCubiody*

Supply Hill; Laud 1 ii.\»

Mak ing Sea 'Water fresh.

Powell’s ht tute

Sale of Lauds in Liucolne,&c.

Iifiive of Absence.

List of Absentee?.

I.eave of Absence.

Timber in New Forest.

7° — 9* Jamarih

77*

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham, in Custody of the Serjeant at Amis, lor absenting himself from his Service in this House, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. Attorney General, according to the Order of the Hay, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings, in the Pound for One Year, was committed, That they had made several Amendments: Which he.read, iu his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Wrhere the same was read once throughout: and several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The f,ist$ of Commissioners for the Counties of C arnarvon and Merioneth being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Lists be postponed.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eleven a Clock;

The I louse divided.

The Yeas go forth.

A. I dpi.

Tellers for the Yeas,

f Colonel Gr,

’\Mr. Palmes': Teller, for the

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

} 84.

j 69.

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning, Eight a Clock.

Fofxst, in the County of fyuth And the same was received* .

Removing of Doubts, and preventing Con,- Royal Mines mcerning Royal Mines, and that the King

Luna,9* die;

4# Gulielmi Maria;.

P R a v E It s.

ABIL L for making Sea Water fresh, clear, and wholesome, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the settling the Manor of King's North, for the enabling BurnhamPowell, Esquire, to make Provision for

his younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

9

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the clearing and removing some Doubts which may arise in an Act for the vesting several Manors, Lands, and Rents, in the Counties of LincoBerks, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, for the buying other Manors and Lands, to be settled for the same or the like Uses, as those to be sold are now settled, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Pawlethave Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Clerk do make a List, to be laid before this House, of all such. Members as have had Leave to go into the Country by Order of the House, and for what time.

Ordered, That Sir William Cootc have Leave to go into die Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Sir Ed:card Seymour presented to the House a Bill for

Increase and Preservation of Timber within the

19

A Bill for troversies, concerning

may have the Pre-emption, was read the Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Christor pher Musgrave, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Bickerstaffe,

Air. Shackerly, Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Butklcy, Sir Robert

Davers, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Attorney General,

Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Roger Pulcston,

Air. Neale, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Sir Richard

Hart, Mr. Price, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Mountague, Air.

Lampton, Mr. Waller, Sir Eduard Sir Ralph

Carr, Mr. Grubb, Colonel Trelawny, Air. , Mr. Christy, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Bromley, Air.

Mr. Dcveretu', Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Stokes, Mr. England, Mr. Tempest, Sir John Key, Mr. Mr. Ryder,

Air. Arnold, Sir Richard Standish, Mr. Cook, Air.

Air. Dyot, Mr. JVilmot, Mr. Bloufield, Mr. Preston, Air.

Burdet, Mr. Sand ford:And they are to meet this After* -noon at Pour a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Afessage from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Adam Ottley;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Smithy An Act for the Sale of Lands by Sir Robert Smith, and settling other Lands of a greater Value to the same Uses, in lieu thereof: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Disposition Act, That the Inhabitants of the Province of York may l>y Willin' dispose of their Personal Estates by their Wills, notwith- A oi k. standing the Custom of that Province, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply Bill* proceeded in the further Consideration of the Report of Land Ta?. the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound for One Year.

And several other of the Amendments to the said Bill . were read, a Second time; and, upon the Question seve* rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Amendment, F. 34, L. 2, touching the Lands belonging to Colleges and Halls being exempted from the said Tax, being read a Second time;

The Question was put, That the House do agree with1 the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{^; } > > J>.

.Tellers for the Noes,}‘3»

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Residue of the said Amendments being read a Second time, some of them were, upon the Question1 severally put thereupon, agreed, and others disagreed* unto by the House.

And several Amendments to the Bill were proposed, and agreed unto by the House; and made in the Chair.

Also the House took into Consideration the postponed Lists of Commissioners for the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth.

And the same were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for their Majesties to nominate Commissioners, having per Ann. Real Estate in the Counties for which they serve, in case there shall not be a sufficient Number of Commissioners named for any County, who shall be capable of acting according to the Qualifications of the Act: And the same was twice Tead.

Resolved,

4‘W. & M.

90 — 10° Janaariu

jr*- v

773

r

|,102.

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with " One hundred Pounds."

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill; '

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, [^; ]l 15.

TeHersforrlieN-oes/^/

So k was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill.

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telle. for the Yeas,}.o6.

Tellers for the NoeJ^' MuMagm, l|l8-

’ (Sir Jon. Jennings, J

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for appropriating Part of the Money upon the said Bill to the Use of the Navy.

"The same was read the First time.

And a Debate arising touching the Second Beading the Said Clause;

Resolved, That the said Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Smith, do prepare and bring in, Tomorrow Morning, a Clause of Appropriation to be added to the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mortis, 10* die;

4* Gulielmi et Marite.

Praters.

Profanation A BILL for preventing the Profanation of the Lord’s of Lord's. Jr\ Day was read the First time.

®a-7* Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Severne A Bill for repealing Part of an Act made in the Thir-

Fishtry. tieth Year of King Charles the Second, for Preservation

of Fishing in the River of ,was read the First

time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

petworth.&c. Mr. Boyle presented to the House a Bill for the settling Rectories’. the Advowsons and Rights of Patronage of the Rectories of Petworth, NorthChappell, Dungfon, Clewcr, Farnham Royal, Worplesdon, Kirk Overbloives, and Cotton, and the Vicarage of Long Horsley: And

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be not read before Eleven A Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Praed have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to go into the

Country for a Week only, upon extraordinary Occasions

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the prohibiting the Use of all Lotteries.

y

Cominis- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the

sioners of taking, stating, and examining the publick Accompts Accomptsr. of the Kingdom.

Vol. X.

Leave of Absence.

Lotteries.

A Petition of Sir William Scawen, and others, touch- Greenlaidi ing the Greenland Trade of Fishing, was read; setting TnuW. forth, That the Trade to Greenland for. Whale Fishing hath formerly been very beneficial to this Kingdom, not only for the great Quantities of Whalebone and Oil which hath been imported from thence; but also a Nursery for-Seamen, and the Expence of Provisions for victualing the Ships: That the said Trade, for many Years past, having been wholly lost to this Nation, and engrossed by Foreign Nations, some London Merchants, about Twenty Years ago, did attempt to regain the said Trade; and, for their Encouragement therein, an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Car. IP*, whereby it w as Enacted- (inter alia), That it Should be lawful for any Vessel belonging to England (whereof the Master Should be an Englishmen, employed for the Catching of Whales, till the Twenty-fifth March 1683,) to be navigated with One Moiety of the Mariners only English; and yet to pay no other Custom for the Oil Blubber or Fins, than if the Ships had been navigated with Three-fourths of the Mariners English: That, during the Continuance of the said Act, several Merchants did, on their separate Accounts, fit out divers Ships; and some small Quantities of Whalebone and Oil were imported, and the Foreign Markets kept at reasonable Rates; but those Merchants, meeting with many Losses and Difficulties, were wholly discouraged and disabled to proceed therein; and could never bring the said Trade to any Perfection: That, since the Year 1683, when the said Act expired, there hath not been one Ship sent from England to Greenland; so that Whalebone, which, about 1683, was sold at Sixty Pounds per Ton, is now sold for Four hundred Pounds the Ton; whereby Holland and Hamburgh draw out of this Kingdom above One hundred; thousand Pounds for Whalebone and Whale Oil: That, it being now impossible to regain the said Trade otherwise than by a joint Stock, the Petitioners have agreed and, undertaken to raise a joint Stock of Forty thousand Pounds, to be wholly employed in the said Trade: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Petitioners, and granting to them the sole Privilege of navigating such Ships as shall be employed in the Greenland i'rade; and that the House would take the same into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do prepare and bring in a Bill for encouraging the Greenland Trade of Fishing.

And it is referred to Sir Sam.Bemardiston, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Burrard, Serjeant maine, Nr.Mpuntaguc, Mr. Scobell, Sir Eduard Abney, Mr,

Onslow, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir77/o. Clarges, Nr. Fuller,

Air. Waller, Mr. Blcmfield, Mr. PSir Robert Rich, Mr. Colson, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Chadxcick, Mr. Piggott,

Mr. Baile, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Cook, Mr. Papillion, Mr.

England, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir SamDashzcood, Sir Stephen Evans, Colonel Perry, Sir John A foreion, Mr. Stokes,

Sir John Don'ell, Sir John Key; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Attorney General, according to Order, presented Supply Bill4 to the House a Bill for settling a Fund of Seventy thou- Excise, sand Pounds per Annum, out of the Excise, for paying the Interest of a Million of Money, to be raised by voluntary Payments before the Twenty-fourth June 1693; the Principal paid in, to be sunk; and the Persons paying in the same to receive, during their Lives, their respective Proportions of the said Seventy thousand Pounds per with the Advantage of Survivorship.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, supply Bill; resumed the Debate touching the Second reading the Laud Tax. Clause of Appropriation Yesterday presented to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Clause.

And it was withdrawn accordingly.

T. a

0 K

Mr.

774

io° — i j° Januarii-

A. 1692.

Supply Bill; Mj\ Smith, according to Order, presented to the House Land Tax. ’ a Clause of Appropriation, for the Use of the Navy, to be added to the Bill of Aid.

And the same was Twice read, with a Blank for the Sum.

Resolved, That the Blanks be filled up with " Seven hundred thousand Pounds."

And the same were filled up accordingly.

And other Amendments were proposed; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and made accordingly; and the Clause, so amended, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for - all Monies payable to Officers and Seamen, and for Naval Stores and Provisions (other than for Victuals), and the Expence of the Office of Ordnance, in respect to Naval Affairs, be paid, in Course, according to the Dates of Contracts.

And the same was Twice read.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " other than for Victuals; '

And the Question being put, That the said Words do stand Part of the said Clause;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Si.

Tellers for the Noes */Sir Jon‘

I ellers for the JN oes. ^Mr:

So it was resolved in Affirmative.

The Clause was brought up to the Table, and received accordingly, and read the First time.

And the Question being put, That it be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Fees shall be taken, by any Officer of the Exchequer, or other Officer, of any Receiver General, in passing his Accompts for any Monies granted to their Majesties, other than the ancient Fees to be allowed by the Barons of the Exchequer.

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That it be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Tellers for the Yeas /Mr-

e 01 the 1 eas’ (Mr. Herbert:

/Mr.

}U!

74-

Tellers for the Noes, ;T’

’ (Mr. Ferry:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That, upon the Removal of any Person, unless they shall produce such Certificate as the Act directs, of the Payment of all precedent quarterly Payments, in some other Place to inhabit w ithin any Place wherein they were not rated for personal Estate, the Commissioners acting in such Place shall assess them for the same.

And the same was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all Pensions from the Crown Should be suspended during the War.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That it be read a Second time;

The House divided.'

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas (’Sir JVm' \

I elieis for the \ eas. Hussey

Tellers forlheNocs:(||r R°ber‘ 2W*>

10:

70.

(Sir Richard Temple:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read the Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Clause.

And the same was withdrawn accordingly.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the King's Bench Prison, and Marshalsea Prison, and all Offices, Rents, and Perquisites thereto, shall be assessed in the Parish of St. George in the Borough of Southwark, and no-where else.

And the same was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Pension shall, for the future, be granted out of the hereditary Revenue, to or for any private Use or Person, saving to all Persons who have or shall lend Monies to their Majesties, such Benefit as they might have had before this Act.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up to the Table, and received;

The House divided.

The Yeasj go forth.

Tellers for llie Yeas

85-

Mercurii, 11° die Januarii;

4° Gulielmi et Maria;.

Prayers.

MR. Brereer, according to Order, presented to the Osbaston'*

House a Bill for the Sale of the Estate of Francis ^sUte* Osbaston, for Payment of Ten thousand Pounds Portion to Mary Osbaston, and of the Arrears of sev eral Annuities of Two hundred Pounds and Four hundred Pounds per Annum, chargeable upon the said Estate.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Aulnage next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Customhouse, and for granting a Recompence to the Crown for the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Hereford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Hereford, in the room of Sir John Morgan,

Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Butler, in Custody of the Serjeant Defaulter at Arms, for absenting himself from his Service in this discharged. House, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Bill for Encouragement of the Woolen Woolen Manufactory of this Kingdom, be read the Se- Manufacture-cond time, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Mr. Goldwell reported from the Committee to whom importing the Bill for the Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Silk.

Naples Thrown Silk over Land, was committed, That they had considered of the several Petitions to them referred, and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth,

Telta forth. Yea,

] 85‘ Tellers

Timber in hew Forest.

Fast India Trade.

Privilege of Members in Suits.

Pension List.

Advice to the King.

4 W. £?’ M. ii° — 12r° Januarii, 7 75

Teller, for the Noes:

So it passed in the Negative.

A Bill for Increase and Preservation of Timber, within the New Forest, in the County of Southampton, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon This-day-sevennight, at Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for the preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, take into Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom it was referred to consider how the Privileges of the Members of this House, in relation to Suits in Law and Equity may be limited, and regulated; and nothing to intervene.

a

Ordered, That the List of the Pensions, formerly presented to the House from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, be read upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Sir Francis lVinnington, according to the Order of the

Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of that Part of his Majesty's Speech, wherein his Majesty desired the Advice of this House, That the said Committee had directed him to make several Motions to the House; and also had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in pursuance of his Majesty’s Speech, the House be moved, that his Majesty he humbly advised to constitute a Commission of the Admiralty, of such Persons as are of known Experience in Maritime Affairs; and that for the future all Orders for the Management of the Fleet do pass through the Admiralty that shall be so constituted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that his Majesty be humbly advised, That, for the future, as often as Vacancies shall happen, no Persons be appointed General Officers, of the English Army, but such as are natives of their Majesties Dominions; and that the General of the English Foot be a N ative of #

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in regard many of the great Affairs of the Government have been, for the Time past, unsuccessfully managed by those who have had the Direction thereof under their Majesties, the House be moved humbly to advise his Majesty to prevent the like Mischiefs for the future, by employing Men of known Ability and Integrity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that his Majesty be humbly advised, for the necessary Support of his Government, to employ in his Counsels, and Management of his Affairs, such Persons only whose Principles oblige them to stand by him, and his Right, against the late King James, and all other Pretenders whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That there hath been an apparent Miscarriage in the Management of the Affair relating to the Descent the last Summer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That one Cause of the Miscarriage of the Descent was for want of giving timely and necessary Orders by such Persons to whom the Matter was committed.

And a Motion being made, by the Chairman of the said Committee, and the Question being put. That his Majesty be humbly advised to constitute a Commission of Vox,. X.

1112. .} 135-

the Admiralty of such Persons as are of known Experience in Maritime Affairs;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ./Colonel Churchill,

I ellers for the Y eas.|Colonel:

Tellers for the Noes ./Col<?nel GoldwtU,

1 eileisior the JN oes -|Mr

So it passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being also made, and the Question being proposed, That his Majesty be humbly advised, that, for the future, all Orders for the Management of the Fleet do pass through the Admiralty that shall be so constituted 5

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " Admiralty that shall be so constituted;" and inserting " Hands of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of ."

And the Question being put, That those Words, " Admiralty that shall be so constituted;" do stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the Question being put, That " Hands of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England," be inserted instead thereof;

The same was agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly advised, That, for the future, all Orders for the Management of the Fleet do pass through the Hands of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Saturday Morning next, Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committw*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 12* die Januarii;

4° Gulielmi et Maria:.

Prayers.

MR. Baile, according to Order, presented to ihe Savery’s

House a Bill to enable IsaacSavery to take upon Name, him the Surname of Searle. And the same was received.

Mr. Greenfeildreported from the Committee to whom Molineox’s

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate, rectifying a Mistake in a certain Act of this present Parliament, passed in the Year 1691, intituled, An Act to vest certain Lands of William Molyne Gentleman, in Trustees for raising the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, for paying the Portions to his younger Brother and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in the Court of Chancery, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House:

And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Campion reported from the Committee to whom Barker’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Estate, enable Sir George Barker, of Raltonin the County of Sussex, Baronet, to make a Settlement upon his Marriage, notwithstanding his Minority, #was committed, That they had examined the Matter thereof; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

Mr. Bockland reported from the Committee to whom Bayntun’s the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Execution of Will, the Trust of the Will of Henry Bayntun, Esquire, deceased., was committed, That they had considered the

Petition

popbam's

Estate;

Petworth, Ate. Rectories.

Leave of Absence.

Wollaston's

Estate.

Wentworth's

Estate*

Browne's

>iii.

Supply Bill; Land Tax,

?7<S 12s — 13

Petition of Lady Ann Baynlittf, and her Son; and hath made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were -once read throughout; and then, a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Then the House took into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Alexander Popham, Esquire, to settle a Jointure

upon his Wife; and to make a Provision for younger Children, upon Receipt of Twelve thousand Pounds Portion, to be applied for Payment of his Debts.

And the same were once read throughout; and are as followeth; viz.

6 Skin, 33 Line, after "per" insert "Annum."

21 Skin, 22, L. after " behalf," add " to be deposited in the Hands of the said Francis , upon a Receipt to be by him given for the same."

25 L. after " Pawlet," insert upon Payment of which said several Sums, the several Securities for the same shall be and are hereby discharged."

And the same being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto’ by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwyrni do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed1 to the said Amendments;

A Bill for settling the Advowsons and Rights of Patronage of the Rectories, of , North Chappell,

Dungton, Clexcer, Famham Royal, Worpksdon, Kirkby Overblowes, and Cat ton, and the Vicarage of Long Horsly, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Boyle, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Edward Seymour, Colonel Sir OrlandoGec, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Gzvyn, Sir Musgrave, Mr. Price, Sir Tho. Dyke, Colonel Mr. Osborne,

Mr Dyot, Sir Cha. Boyle, Mr. Cook, Sir Guise, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Pelham, Sir fVilf. Lawson, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. How, Mr. Afusgrave, Mr. Mordant, Sir John Ernie, Mr. Harley, Sir Cha. Gerrard, Mr. Christy: And they are to meet at Four a Clock this Afternoon in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Park hurst have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook, and Sir John Franklyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming the Sale of certain Woodlands in the County of Southampton', and certain Articles of Agreement made between Isaac Wollaston and Richard Wollaston, Esquires: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill intituled, An Act to endble Sir John Wentworth, Baronet, an Infant, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, to make a Jointure out and Settlement of his Manors and Lands in the Counties of York and Westmorland.

Also, That the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the Trust created by the Will of Sir Anthony Browne, Baronet, deceased; and of a Decree in Chancery thereupon; without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to their Majesties, of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That no 18

' JanuariL . 169 i.

Commissioner shall have any Voice concerning any Assessment to be made within the Parish where such Commissioner shall inhabit, but shall withdraw during all Controversies concerning the same.

" And the said Clause was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time.

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider; That Tenants of Papists, or others liable to be doubly charged, shall be discharged from paying the said double Rates, and the Owners only shall pay the same.

And the same was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed by the House to be mada Part of the Bill.

Resolved, Nen/inecontradicente, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to their Majesties, of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 13* di 4°Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

MR. Christy reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Wake, Gentleman, and William Wake, Doctor in Divinity, to make Leases for Lives or Years within the Manor of Sin the County of Dorset, was committed, That they had considered the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

A Bill for the better Execution of Justice in the Principality of Wales, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Preston, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pollen, Sir Row/. Gzcyn, Sir Ro. Puleston, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Foley, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Andrews, Mr. Price, Sir Jos.Trcdcnham, Mr.

Lord Conningsby, Mr. Colt, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Mansell, Mr. Devereux, Mr. Slater, Mr. Freeman, Colonel Titus, Sir Step.Evans, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Piggott, Sir

S. Bernardiston, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. White, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Sir

Richard Temple, Mr. Hampden; and all the Members that serve for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Marryott, Clerk of the Pleas, of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Attornies and Clerks in the Office of Pleas in the said Court, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That #*-.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bloys, have Leave to go into the Country, his Lady being very ill.

Ordered, That Mr. Dawney, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms for absenting himself from his Service in this. House, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. Bathurst reported from the Committee to whom, the Bill for the settling a Jointure on the Wife of Anthony

Committees.

Wake's

RbtiltfS.

Justice in Wales.

M irryott a Petition.

leave of Absence*

Defaulter

discharged.

Dauby's

Kstute.

Wye and Lugg Navigation.

Hertford

Roads.

Commissioners of Accumyts.

Special Bails.

Punishing M ulinv and Desertion.

Supply Bill; Excise.

Aulnage

Duty.

4 W. & M. 13° — 140 Jatmaru.

111

Danby, Esquire, and for making Provision for his Brother and younger Children, and for Payment of Debts, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the' Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for making the Rivers of and Lugg navigable, was read the Second time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed; The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,f^, C"7^’ W

’[Sir lime. J

fSir John Guise,

’ [Mr. Arnold:

Tellers for the Noes.

So it passed in the Negative.

jn8.

A Bill for reviving a former Law, for Repairing of Highways in the County of Hertford, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Col. Granville, according to Order, presented to the House, a Bill for examining, taking, and stating the publick Accompts of the Kingdom. And the same was received.

Mr. Fcmcickreported from the Committee to whom

the Bill for taking of Special Bails in the Country upon Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the Punishing of Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters, and Settling and Payment of Quarters, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for settling a Fund of Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the Excise, for paying the Interest of a Million of Money to be raised, by voluntary Payments, before the Twenty-fourth of June 1693, the Principal paid in to be sunk, and the Persons paying in the same to receive, during their Lives, their respective Proportions of the said Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum, with the Advantage of Survivorship, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to fill up the Blank which relates to the Fund to be annually divided amongst the Contributors, so as to encourage the advancing the Money to be raised by the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clockj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Customhouse, and giving a llecompence to the Crown for the same; and nothing to intervene.

Vox,. X.

Ordered, That the List of the Pensions, formerly pre- pensions, sented to the House from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, be read upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this Flouse will, upon Thursday Morning London next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Orphans, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of touching the

Debts due to the Orphans of the said City.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 14* (lie 4° Gulielmi et Mari*.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ParRer’s to enable Sir Geo. Parker, of Ration in the County of Estate. Susse.r, Baronet, to make a Settlement upon his Marriage, notwithstanding his Minority, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Campion do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mannock'a for the enabling Sir William Manncek, Baronet, to charge Estate, his Estate for the raising his younger Children Portions, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir 77/o. Robinson, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir John Moreton, Sir Jerv. Elzces, Mr. Luttcrell, Mr. Campion, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Tayler, Sir Wm.Honcyzcood, Mr. Christy, Mr.

Co6k, Mr. Waller, Mr. Blozvfield, Mr. Mr.

England, Mr. Wilmot, Sir John Dorr ell, Mr. Thornliaugh,

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Mr.

Greenfield, Mr. Davenant, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Slater, Mr.

Dyott, Sir John Bolles, Sir Fr. Guibon, Colonel Deane, and

all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do examine into the Value of the Timber upon the Estate in the Bill mentioned.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Wake'* enable William Wake, Gentleman, and William Wake, ^stat*‘ Doctor in Divinity, to make Leases for Lives or Years within the Manor of Shapwick in the County of Dorsett, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And thfe Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Molyneux’j for the rectifying a Mistake in a certain Act of this present Estate. Parliament, passed in the Year 1691, intituled, An Act to vest certain Lands of William Molyn Gentleman, in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Tw o thousand Pounds, for paying the Portions to his younger Brother and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in the Court of Chancery, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Greenfield do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House desires their Lordships Concurrence.

A Bill to enable Isaac Savery to take upon him the Savery’s Surname of Searte, was read the First time. Name.

9 L,

14° — 16° Januarii,. A. 169a.

Leav* of Absence.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. to consider of the Petition of the Ix>rd Mayor, Aldermen

and Commonalty of the City of London, touching the Ordered, That Sir St. Andrew St. John have Leave to Debts due to the Orphans of the City, go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary

Occasions. ' Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Drake have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, his Lady being very ill.

Clandestine An ingrossed Bil Jor preventing Frauds by clandestine Mortgages. Mortgages, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing Frauds by Clandestine Mortgages.

Ordered, That Mr. JValler do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to go into the

Absence. Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Walthall’s An 'ngrosse(i Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. to enable Richard JValthal Esquire, to sell Lands for the Payment of Portions and Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Woolen Ordered, That the Bill for the Encouragement of the

Manufacture. Woolen Manufactures be read the Second time upon Thursday Morning next: And that afterwards the Report be made from the Committee to whom the Bill for continuing Part of the Act of Parliament made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen. Manufactures, was committed.

Supply Bill; Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Excise. resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for settling a Fund of Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the Excise, for paying the Interest of a Million of Money, to be raised by voluntary Payments before the Twenty-fourth of June 1693, the Principal paid in to be sunk, and the Persons paying in the same to receive, during their Lives, their respective Proportions of the said Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum, with the Advantage of Survivorship.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair Of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reports from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill to them committed; and that they had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

East India Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom-

Trade. ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade.

Auhiu-e Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom-

Duty.0 ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Comriiittee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same.

Timber in New t orebt.

Ordered, That the Bill for Increase and Preservation of the Timber within the New Forest, in the County of Southampton, be read the Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Pension

List.

Ordered, That the List of the Pensions, formerly presented to the House from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, he read upon Thursday Morning next.

I.untloo Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

Orphan.. next, resolve itself into a Committee of tire whole House,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luncc, 16* (lie Januarii;

4* Gulielmi ct Mariae.

Prayers.

ABI L L for the naturalizing Henry Sheibell, and Sheibell’s, others, was read the Second time. Ac. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jos. Trc-denham, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Mr.

Goldxvell, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Mr. Pollen,

Lord Colchester, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Pe/ry, Mr.

Sir Sa. Bcrnadiston, Mr. Colmere, Mr Mr

Mr. Bulkly, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Trelarwney, Mr.

Mr. Granville, Mr. Clark, Mr. Cooke, Sir Mr. Price, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Rau l. Gu>yn, Mr.

Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Waller, S\r Tho. Motnpe Mr. Smith,

Robert Cotton, Mr. Freke, Lord Pare let, Mr. Hare try,

Mr. Slierrard, Mr. Lutterell,'Sir. England, Mr. Christy,

Mr. Jeffryes, Mr. Batch, Sir Ji m. Sir John

Dorrell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gold-well reported from the Committee to whom Marnock.’*

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Esute. the enabling Sir Will. Manned:, Baronet, to charge his Estate for the raising his younger Children Portions, w as committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

A Petition of divers Cheesemongers, and Dealers in Butter anJ Butter and Cheese, in the Cities and Suburbs of the Cities Cheese of London and Westminster, on the Behalf of themselves Tra<ie* and others, was read; setting forth. That there being a Bill now depending in this House, intituled, An Act for preventing Abuses in Packing and Weighing of Butter and Cheese, carried on by the Farmers and Sellers of Butter and Cheese in Suffolk, and some few Cheesemongers in London, to render the Statute of 14 Car. II. useless, which sufficiently provides against such Offences; that the Petitioners are sensible the Bill is frivolous, and will be prejudicial to Trade in general; and praying to be heard against the said Bill before it pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing Abuses in Packing and Weighing of Butter and Cheese is committed: And that Mr. Carter, Mr.

Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Herne, Sir

Tho. Vernon, Mr. Morris, Mr. Norreys, Colonel Ro/les,

Mr. Radge, be added to the said Committee.

A Bill for the Sale of the Estate of Francis Osliaston*

for Payment of Ten thousand Pounds Portion to Mary Estate. Osbaston, and of the Arrears of several Annuities of Tw o hundred Pounds, and Four hundred Pounds chargeable upon the said Estate, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Colchester, Sir Wilf. Lawson, Mr. Patmes, S ir John GColonel

Granville, Sir Car. Price, Mr. BreMr. Arnold, Mr. Gray, Mr. Price, Colonel Beaumont, Mr. Grecnfield, Mr.

NezeJjort, Mr. England, Sir Tho. M

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Speke, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Colmer, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Math.

Andrews, Mr. Colt, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Dyot,

Mr. Christy, Mr. Preston, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Han'try,

Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Wm.Strickland, Mr. Slater, Mr.

Hopkins

Wollaston*

Instate,

Royal Mines.

List of Absentees.

Supply Bill; Excise.

Committee*.

Supply Bill;

Leading lJucliy of Cornwall.

4 W. & M. i6° — 170 Januarii.

779

Hopkins, Mr. Goldwell, Sir Jo. Knatchbull, Mr. Pollen, Sir JVm. Thomas, Sir John Moreton, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Tho. Miller, Sir Wm. Langham, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Neale, Mr. Lukener, Mr. Sherrard;And they are to meet this Afternoon At Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for conferring the Sale of certain W oodlands in the County of Southampton, and certain Articles of Agreement made between Isaac JVollaston, and Richard Wollaston, Esquires, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Shaekerly reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for removing of Doubts, and preventing Controversies, concerning Royal Mines, and to give to the King the Pre-emption, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the King’s Counsel be heard at the Bar of this House upon Friday Morning next, at Nine a Clock, against the said Bill.

Then the List (prepared by the Clerk, according to Order) of the Members of the House, who have had the Leave of the House to go out of Town, was read.

Ordered, That the House be called over on this Day Sevennight.

Then the Order of the Day was read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for settling a Fund of Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the Excise, for paying the Interest of a Million of Money, to be raised by voluntary Payments before the Twenty-fourth of June 1693, the Principal paid in to be sunk, and the Persons paying in the same to receive, during their Lives, their respective Proportions of the said Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum, and with the Advantage of Survivorship.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to bring in a Clause, That, in case the whole Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds shall not he brought in by a certain time, there be allowed an Increase of Interest, by way of Annuity, without the Benefit of Survivorship.

Then the House resolved itself, according to the said Order, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the said Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Marlis, 17* die 40 Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

MR. Boscawen presented to the House a Bill for enabling their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, Vol. X.

and Copies of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made.

And the same was received.

A Bill for the better encouraging the Art of Pin- Pin-maker* making and setting the poor Pin-makers at Work, was Trade, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bence, in Custody of the Serjeant Defaulter at Arms, for absenting himself from his Service in this <1‘scliarSe<,> House, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

An ingrossed Bill for the settling a Jointure on the Wife panby’g of Anthony Danby, Esquire, and for making Provision Estale* for his Brothers and younger Children, and for Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the settling a Jointure on the Wife of Anthony Danby, Esquire, and for making Provision for his Brothers and younger Children, and for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Bathurst do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Bertie have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Aljsenc«-Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Butler have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill for taking Special Bails in the Coun- "Special Bail* try, upon Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at -minster, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for taking Special Bails in the Country, upon Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaekerly do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Arnold, according to Order, presented to the Lotteries, House a Bill for prohibiting the Use of all Lotteries.

And the same was received.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply Bill; resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, Excise, to consider further of the Bill for settling a Fund of Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the Excise, for paying the Interest of a Million of Money to be raised by voluntary Payments before the Twenty-fourth of June 1693, the Principal paid in to be sunk, and the Persons . paying in the same to receive, during their Lives, their respective Proportions of the said Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum, and with the Advantage of Survivorship.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reports from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

A Petition of Sir Eliah Ilancy was read; setting forth, Essex That, upon the Death of Hen.Mildmay, Esquire, one of Election, the Knights of the Shire for the County of Essex, the Petitioner and one John Lemot Honywood stood Candidates there; where the Petitioner was duly chosen, and had some Hundreds of other Freeholders that would have voted for . him, had not the Sheriff' closed the Poll sooner than he ought to have doue; and several indirect Practices were

used

Molyneux's

Estate.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

17° Januariu A. 1692.

used by the High Sheriff, and his Agents; who hath unduly returned the said Mr. Honywood; and praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: Who are to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Cooke and Sir Rob. Regard;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the rectifying a Mistake in a certain Act of this present Parliament, passed in the Year 1691, intituled, An Act to vest certain Lands of William Molyneux, Gentleman, in Trustees, for

raising the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, for paying the Portions to his younger Brother and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in the Court of Chancery.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on a vigorous War against France, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Amendment, being read, is as followeth; viz.

" Provided nevertheless, That all and every the Peers who are to be rated, by virtue of this Act, for their Offices, or Personal Estates, shall be rated by Thomqs Earl of Pembroke Lord Privy Seal, George Marquis of Halifax, Wm. Earl of Devon Lord Steward of the Iloushold, Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, Theophilus Earl of Huntingdon, William Earl of Bedford, John Earl of Bridgwater, George Earl of Northampton, John Earl of Clare, Charles Earl of Manchester, John Earl of Mulgrave, Thomas Earl Rivers, Thomas Earl of Stamford, Philip Earl of Chesterfield, Tho. Earl of Thanet, Rob. Earl of Sunderland, Charles Earl of Maclefcild, Daniel Earl of Nottingham, Lawrence Earl of Rochester, Tho. Earl of Fauconberg, Francis Viscount Neuport, Henry Viscount Longuevile, Henry Lord Bishop of London, Tho. Lord Bishop of Lincolne, Sidney Lord Godolphin, and John Lord Ashburtiham, or any Five of them, and not otherwise; and shall not be subjected to the Imprisonment of his or their Persons; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That the several Rates and '1 axes to which the Lords and Peers of this Realm shall be liable, by virtue of this Act, shall be received by a Collector to be nominated by the Peers: Which said Collector shall cause the same to be paid in to his Majesty’s Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster, upon or before the Twenty-lifth Day of March 1693."

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing with their Lordships in the said Amendment: And that the said Committee do immediately withdraw; and prepare the same.

And it is referred to Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Gzcynn, Mr. Mount-ague, Sir John Guise, Mr. Finch, Sir Jos. Williamson, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hampden, Sir Lowther, Sir Ro. Rich, Colonel Titus, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Colonel Churchill, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho. Sir

(’hr. Musgrave, Mr. Smith, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Herbert,

Lord Faul/i/and, to prepare Reasons to be offered at the said Conference.

And they withdrew accordingly.

And being returned;

Sir Thomas Clarges reported from the said Committee, That they hud prepared Reasons to be offered at the said Conference; which they had directed him to report to the IJvuse; And which he read in his Place; and afterwards

18

delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same^uer* read; apd are as followeth; viz.

" That the Right of granting Supplies to the Crown is in the Commons alone, as an essential Part of their Constitution: And the Limitation of all such Grants as to the Matter, Manner, Measure, and Time, is only in them: Which is so well known to be fundamentally settled in them, that, to give Reasons for it, has been esteemed, by our Ancestors, to be a Weakening of that Right. And the Clause sent down by your Lordships to be added to this Bill is a manifest Violation thereof.

And an Amendment being proposed, to leave out " Violation and insert, instead thereof, "Invasion;"

The same was, upon the Question, put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the said Reasons, so amended, were, upon the Question, put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clarges do go to the Lords; and desire tire said Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Mark Milbank, jn Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for absenting himself from his Service, in this House, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Resolved, That this House w ill, Tomorrow Morning, after the Report of the Bill for settling a Fund of Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the Excise, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for preserving, regulating, and establishing the East LndiaTrade.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same.

A Motion being made, and the Question befng put, That the Report from the Committee appointed to consider how the Privileges of the Members of this House, relating to Suits in Law and Equity, might be limited and regulated, be taken into Consideration upon 'Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, take into Consideration the said Report;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth. Tellers for the Yeas:

fSir Sam. Bernadiston, 1 [Mr. Arnold: f

fSir Wm. Forrester, j [Sir Wm. Strickland: j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tellers for the Noes

78.

28.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Delays of Proceedings at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace: And that Sir Joseph Tredenham do prepare and bring in the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for Recovery of small Debts under Forty Shillings, within Ho!borne and' Finsbury Divisions, in the County of Middlesex.

Mr. Waller reported from the Committee to whom

the Bill for the better Discovery of Judgments in the

Courts

Defaulter

discharged*

East India Trade*

Aulnage

Duty.

Privilege of Mem! ers m Suns.

Ways arid Means.

Delays at

Quarter

Sessions.

Hoi home. &c. Court of Conscience.

Discovering

Judgments.

Committees,

Butter and CheewTrade.

Justice ia Wale*.

Buy n tun’s

win.

Man nock's Estate*

Powell#

Estate.

Tythes of Hemp and Elax.

ShapleigVi

Estate.

4 W. & M. i f~ 18° Januarti. 781

Courts at Westminster was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the said Bill and Amendments be recommitted to the same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Braver and Mr. Waller be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing Abuses in Packing and Weighing of Butter and Cheese, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Chr. and Sir' John

Knight be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Execution of Justice in the Principality of Wales, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 18*

4° Gulielmi et Mari*.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the Trust created by the Will of Bayntun, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the Trust created by the Will of Henry Bayntun, Esquire, deceased; and for raising a Portion for his Daughter.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the enabling Sir William Mannock, Baronet, to charge his Estate for the raising younger Childrens Portions, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Colonel Goldwell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Settling of the Manor of King's North, for the enabling BarnhamPowell, Esquire, to make Provision for his younger Children, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brewer, Sir John Dorreil, Sir John Banks, Colonel Granville, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Ryder, Sir IVm. Honeyxvood, Sir Jos. Tre-denham, Mr. Ilouywood, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Hawtry, Sir Tho. Taylor, Colonel Perry, Sir John Fagg, Sir Orlando Gee, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Banks, Mr. Christy, Mr. Waller, Sir Tho. Darcy, Sir Ro. Clayton, Sir Walter Clarges, Mr. Serjeant Blincoe, Colonel Lee, Sir Fran.Massam, and all the Members for the Counties

of Kent and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining an Act made in the Third Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax.

A Petition of Robert Shapleig Gentleman, was read;

setting forth, That, ini 675, the Petitioner settled hisEstate of about Sixty Pounds per Ann. upon himself, for Life; Remainder to his Wife, for Life; Remainder to his First, and so to his Seventh Son; without reserving any Power Vo 1. X,

to raise any Money for Provision for younger Children:

That by his said Wife he hath living One and Three Daughters: That there is a very large House upon the Estate, much out of Repair (which will cost more than the Petitioner is able to allow); which, if it Should fall down, the Estate w ill not yield near the Money it may now be sold for: That the Trustees are sensible, that the Sale of the said Estate will be a great Advantage as well to the Petitioner’s Son, as to himself and Daughters; and do consent to the Sale of the said Estate; the Petitioner making as beneficial a Provision for his said Son: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable him to make a

Sale of his Estate.

The Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUers for the Yeas: } 36'

Tellers for the Noes: {J{f; hZ^} 66'

So it passed in the Negative.

Sir Joseph Tredenham, according to Order, presented to Delays at the House a Bill to prevent Delays of Proceedings at the Quarter Quarter Sessions of the Peace. And the same was received. Sessl0ns*

Sir John Kay presented to the House a Bill for discharg- Burrou°h

Ing the Payment of Tolls for Cattle passing over Bridge, &c.

Bridge, and other Places in Yorkshire. And the same Cattle Tolls, was received.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Sanrwehave Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Resolved, That Mr. White (who serves as one of the Burgesses for the Borough of Horsham in the County of Sussex) have Leave to go into the Country for a Week.

A Bill for enabling their Majesties to make Grants, Leasing Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Duchy of Parcel of their Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, Cor"wall* and for Confirmations of Leases and Grants already made, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Edith Holloway, and others, whose Hus- claims on bands were killed in the East India Company’s War East India against the Mogul, on the Behalf of themselves and others, Company, who served in the said War, was read; setting forth, That between 1684 and 1688, the Petitioners Husbands were hired for the said Company’s Service as Mariners, and not as Soldiers, there being then no W’ars; but, after their Arrival in the East Indies, the Companies Agents having engaged in the said War, the Mariners (contrary to their Agreements) were forced, by nailing their Hands to the Masts, and whipping them, and other Cruelties, to serve' as Land Soldiers; but, those Cruelties not prevailing, as w as expected, to encourage others, an Order of the Company’s, made at London on the 20th Jan. 8 5, was published in East Indies, declaring, That a Sixth Part of all Prizes taken in the said Wars Should be divided amongst those Seamen and Soldiers as Should behave themselves valiantly; and accordingly they took several Prizes, amounting to One million Five hundred thousand Pounds Value; a Sixth Part of which of Right belongs to the said Mariners and their Widows and Orphans: That the Petitioners have several times applied themselves to the Company for Satisfaction, but can receive none; so that several of them are forced to seek Maintenance from their Parishes: That they petitioned the House the last Session; but, by reason of more weighty Affairs, nothing could be done therein: And praying Relief, and the Consideration of the House, in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and they to report their Opinions therein to the House.

0 M And

Supply Bill; Excite.

Conference desired with Lords.

Bast India Trade.

Conference On Land Tax Bill.

Committees.

Last India Trade.

782

18° — 190

And it is referred to Mr. Boscawen, Sir Colonel TytUs, Mr. Goldwell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bedding field,

Sir Fran. Blake, Mr. Wilmot, Mr. Smith, Sir Ra.

Sir Pet. Colli ton, Sir John Banks, Mr. Mr.

Arnold, Sir Jos.Herne, Mr. Travers, Mr. Christy, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Howard. Mr. Waller, Mr Mr. Lewis,

Lord llanelagh, Mr. Huvgerford, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Herbert,

Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. England, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Har-court, Colonel Perry, SirJohn Knight, Sir Richard Temple:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and report their Opinions therein to the House.

Mr. Attorney General, according, to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom was committed the Bill for settling a Fund of Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the Excise, for paying the Interest of a Million of Money, to be raised by voluntary Payments, before the Twenty-fourth of June 1093, the Principal paid in to be sunk, and the Persons paying in the same to receive, during their Lives, the respective Proportions of the said Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum, and with the Advantage of Survivorship, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place with the Coherence; and aftemards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, some of them were agreed, and others disagreed unto; and several other Amendments made to the Bill by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tellers for the Yeas:

/Mr. Smith,

[Mr. Arnold:

Tellers for the Noes: (!'r°'OI|r* 1

(Mr. liar court: )

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill; j The House divided.

A \ 1692,

63.

66.

The Yeas go forth.

/Sir John Guise, fMr.:

[Colonel Perry, [Mr.:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tellers for the Yeas; Tellers for the Noes:

81.

5-2.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 19* die Januarii;

4° Gulielmi et Maria1.

PltAYERS.

A COM PLAINT being made, That one Holt, a Privilege-Solicitor, did this Morning give very abusive I.an- Abuse of a guage to Colonel Deane, a Member of this House, in Member, his coming through the Lobby of this House;

Ordered, That the said Holt be taken into the Custody of the Serjeaut at Arms attending this House, to answer the said Abuse,

Sir Tho. Clarges reported, That, he having been at the Mr. Boyle reported from the Committee to whom the Petwth, Lords, to desire a Conference with their Lordships, upon Bill for settling the Advowsons and Rights of Patronage «c-Keclone* the Subject Matter of the Amendments, by them sent of the Rectories of North Chappell, Dungton,

down, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to Clacer, F

their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound for and Cation, and Vicarage of LongHorsly, was committed, one Year, for carrying on a vigorous War against France; That they had examined the Matter thereof; and had gone the Lords do agree to a Conference, this Afternoon at through the Bill; and made an Amendment thereto:

Four a Clock, in the Painted Chamber. Which they had directed him to report to the House;

Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and af-.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, terwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’sTable: Where resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put consider farther of the Bill for preserving, regulating, and thereupon, agreed unto by the House, establishing the East India Trade. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, bet

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ingrossed.

Sir John Guise took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.. Ordered, That Mr. Binns, Chaplain to his Grace the Mr. Binns

Sir John Guise reported from the said Committee, That Duke of Somerset, be desired to preach before this House,

they had made a further Progress in the said Bill; and at St.Margaret's, Westminster, upon the Thirtieth Day 30 an‘ that they had directed him to move, that they may have of January instant: And that Sir Orlando Gee do acquaint

Leave to sit again. him therewith.

Resolved, That the said Committee do sit again.

Mr. Goldwell presented to the House a Bill for deliver-Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare ing Declarations to Prisoners in the Country. And the mTrisoners* Reasons for the Conference with the Lords, do manage same was received, the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference: A Petition of Sir Tho. Wroth, Baronet, was presented Wroth’*

And being returned; to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Peti- Kstate*

Sir Tho. Clarges reported, That they had attended the tioner’s Father died, leaving Issue only the Petitioner, and Conference; and had given their Reasons for disagreeing one Daughter; but made no Provision for his Daughter: with the Lords in the Amendment made by the Lords to That the Petitioner, for the Support of his Name and the Bill of Aid; and left the Bill and Amendments with Family, is advised, by his Relations, to marry; but, by their Lordships. reason of his Nonage, he cannot make any Settlement, of

a Provision, for his said Sister, which he is desirous to Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. do, without an Act of Parliament for that Purpose: And

praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable him to moke*

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, a Jointure and Settlement of his Estate upon his Marriage,

That the House do, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a and to make Provision for his Sister.

Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-

to consider further of the Bill for preserving, regulating, cording to the Prayer of the said Petition, and establishing the East India Trade-;

The House divided. Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Auloa^e.

The Yeas go forth. Resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Duty.

consider

4 W. £$* M. 19° — 200 783

consider of the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving a, Recompence to the Crown for the same.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Matter to them referred in relation to the said Bill; and had filled up the Blanks therein; and had directed him to report the Bill; with the Amendments made by the said Committee, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Saturday Morning next, at Nine a Clock.

Woolen Ma- A Bill for encouraging the Woolen Manufactures of nufactures. this Kingdom was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Second time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir /Valter Young, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for the continuing Part of the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures, was committed, That they had considered the several Petitions; and had made only one Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, with the Bill, to the House: And w'hich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made in the Bill, by inserting, in the Exception therein of several Charters to several Companies, these Words; viz. " or 1: to the Charters and Grants made to the Company of

Merchant Adventurers of England, so far as they concern the Rivers of Elbe, and Ej/der

And the Question beins: put. That they be added to the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUersfor theYeas,{J{;^' } 65.

TelleiS for the Noes, { }»«

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

1

Timber in Ordered, That the Bill for Increase and Preservation Newtorest. of the Timber within the New Forest, in the County of Southampton, be read the Second time, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

I Perjury. Ordered, That the Bill to make Perjury and Suborna-

tien of Perjury, in capital Cases, to be Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, be read the Second time upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

| Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Veneris, 20° die januarii \

4° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

R. Christy reported from the Committee to whom Osbaston's the Bill for the Sale of the Estate of Francis Os- ^sute-baston, for Payment of Ten thousand Pounds Portion to Mary Osbaslon, and of the Arrears of several Annuities of Two hundred Pounds and Four hundred Pounds per Annum, chargeable upon the said Estate, was committed,

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House:

And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. England reported from the Committee to whom Maccles-the -ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to feed’s Estate, enable Ralph Macclesfield to sell Lauds for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children, was committed, That they had agreed to the Bill, with an Amendment; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence: And afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. England do carry the Bill to the -~

Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with the said Amendnrent: To which Amendment this House desires their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of Tho. Goodwyn the elder, and Tho. Goodwyn’*

icynthe younger, and Eliz. his Wife, w as read; setting Estate, forth, That, by a Settlement made upon the Marriage of the Petitioners Tho.and Elis, several Lands, &;c. were settled to the Use of Tho. the younger for Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and after his Death, to such Children the Body of the said Eliz. as he Should appoint; with other Remainders over; subject to several Relit Charges to Tho. senior, and Eliz.: That Thomas senior hath, by Trade, contracted several great Debts; and Tho. junior stands obliged with him for Payment of One thousand Five hundred Pounds; and is himself indebted Five hundred Pounds; to which their and the said Estate are liable; whereby Tho. junior is disabled to provide for his Wife and Children: And praying Leave to '

bring in a Bill to sell some Lands towards Payment of Debts, and for settling the Surplus of the Money to be raised by Sale, for the Benefit of his Wife and Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Claims on East India Company.

Justice in Wales.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of Edith Holloway, and others, is referred, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Thortihaugh, Mr. Harcourt, # Brown, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Execution of Justice in the Principality of Wales, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Vol. X.

Sir Joseph Tredenhamreported from the Committee to Powell’*

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act for the settling the Manor of King's North, for the enabling Barnham Powell, Esquire, to make Provision for his younger Children, was committed, That they had considered the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Dyke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Sir

t

OTythes of Hemp and Flux.

Holbourn, &c. Court of tonscience.

Royal Mines.

Privilege-

Libellous

Publication.

Lords desire aConference.

Royal Assent to Bills*

784 20° Januarii. A. 1692

Sir Edward Hussey, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for Explaining of a former Act made in this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Tythes of llemp and Elax. And the same was received.

Colonel Perry, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience, for Recovery of small Debts under Forty Shillings, within Holbourn and Finsbury Divisions in the County of Middlesex. And the same was received.

Then the King’s Counsel were, according to the Order of the Day, called in; and heard at the Bar of the House, against the Bill for removing Doubts, and preventing Controversies, concerning Royal Mines, and that the King may have the Pre-emption.

And being withdrawn;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Complaint being made to this House of a printed Pamphlet, intituled, " King William and Queen Mary Conquerors, &$c.wherein are several Matters asserted, of dangerous Consequence to their Majesties, to the Liberty of the Subjects, and Peace of the Kingdom;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That Edmund Bohun,

the Licenser, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the same.

Ordered, That Richard Bafor whom the said Pamphlet was printed, be summoned immediately to attend this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Con ference with the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and acquainted therewith.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Conference, That the Managers had attended the same; and that the Lord Privy Seal managed the Conference on the Behalf of the Lords; and that he acquainted them, That their Lordships did not insist upon their Provisoes.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Tho. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Bills following; viz.

1. An Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound for one Year, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

2. An Act, That the Inhabitants of the Province of York may dispose of their personal Estates by their Wills, notwithstanding the Custom of that Province.

3. An Act for the Sale of the Estate of Anthony Eyre, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Portions for his Children.

4. An Act for vesting the real and personal Estate, late of Henry Hawley, in Trustees to be sold, or otherwise

disposed, for the Benefit of his Daughters and Heirs Susanna and Mary, who are both Minors.

5. An Act for clearing and removing some Doubts, which may arise, in an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the vesting several Manors, Lands, and Rents, in the Counties of Lincolne, Berks, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for the buying other Manors and Lands to he settled for the same or the like Uses, as those to be sold are now settled.

6. An Act to enable Sir Jo Baronet, an

Infant, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, to make it Jointure out and Settlement of his Manors and Lands in the Counties of York, in the County of the City of York,

and Westmoreland.

7. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the Trust created by the Will of Sir Anthony Browne, Baronet, deceased: and of a Decree in Chancery thereupon.

8. An Act to enable Alexander Esquire, to

settle a Jointure upon his Wife, and to make Provision for younger Children, upon Receipt of Twelv e thousand Pounds Portion, to be applied for Payment of his Debts.

9. An Act to enable Sir George Parker, of Rattan in the County of Sussex, Baronet, to make a Settlement, upon his Marriage, notwithstanding his Minority.

10. An Act to enable I I'm. Wake, Gentleman, and

William Wake, Doctor in Divinity, to make Leases lor Lives or Years, within the Manor of in the County of Dorset.

11. An Act for the rectifying a Mistake in a certain Act

of this present Parliament, passed in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-one, intituled, An Act to vest certain Lands of William Gentleman, in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, for paying the Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters, pursuant to a Decree in the Court of Chancery.

12. An Act for the enabling Sir Win. Mannock, Baronet, to charge his Estate for tire raising his younger Children Portions.

13. An Act for the settling the Manor of King's North, for the enabling Bar-mam Poucll, Esquire, to make Provision for his younger Children.

An ingrossed Bill for settling a Fund of Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the Excise, for paying the Interest of a Million of Money to be raised by voluntary Payments before the Twenty-fourth of June 1693, the Principal paid in to be sunk, and the Persons paying in the same to receive, during their Lives, the respective Proportions of the said Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum, and with the Advantage of Survivorship, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made, the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered to be added, as a Rider, That all Grants of any Monies arising by the Act, in ahy other Manner than the Act appoints, shall be void.

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

An ingrossed Clause of Appropriation of # *, for the Use of the Navy, was offered to be added, as a Rider.

And the same was twice read; and the Blank was, by the House, filled up with Five hundred thousand Pounds.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France.

15 Ordered,

Supply Bill Excise,

privilege —

Libellous

Publication.

London

Orphans.

East India Trade.

Privileges of Members in Suits.

Committees.

Sheibell’s, &c. Nat.

Smith’s

Estate.

Wollaston's

Estate.

4 W. Qf M.

26° — -2 i6 Jmuarii.

785

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry tike Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House being informed, That Richard BaUkcyn attended, according to their Order;

He was called in: And, being examined at the Bar touching the said printed Pamphlet, he delivered in the same to the House, licensed by Mr. Bohun; and acquainted the House, That he had the Copy from one Mr. Bentley, a Bookseller: And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Richar be discharged of his Attendance at present.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Bentley be summoned to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London, concerning the Orphans of the said City.'

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at; Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, appointed to consider how the Privileges of the Members of this House, in relation to Suits in Law and Equity, may be regulated and limited, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 21* die Januarii;

4* Gulielmi et Mariae.

PttA YERS.

MR. Waller reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for naturalizing Henry Shand others,

was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed , unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intjtuled. An Act for the Sale of Lands by Sir Robert Smith, and settling other Lands of a greater Value to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming. the Sale of certain Woodlands in the County of Southampton, and certain Articles of Agreement made between Isaac Wollaston and Richard Wollaston, Esqujres, was read’the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. staffc, Mr. Christy, Sir Rowl. Gwynn, Mr. Harley, Mr.

England, Mr. Reignolds, Sir Robert Sir Fran.

Massam, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Waller, Sir Wm. York, Mr. Burrard, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Clark, Sir Ehces, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Perry, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Hungerford, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Rebow, Mr.

Mr. Honywood, Mr Dyot, Mr Sir

sey, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Lictterell, Sir and all the Members, that serve for the County of Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. X.

A Bill to enable Isaac Savery to take upon him the Savery’s Surname of Searle, was read the Second time. Name.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Captain Dyot,

Sir John Moreton, Mr. Bade, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Tredenham, Mr. Boscazcen, Sir Wim. Honywood, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Mr. Burdet,

Mr, Trelawney, Mr. Christy, Mr. Mr. Fenwick,

Mr. Clark, Mr. Blowfield, Mr. Norley, Mr. Phillips, Mr.

Vincent, Mr." Greenfield, Mr. Waller, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Arnold, Six Edward Phillipps, Sir R Mr

dulph, Mr. Freke, Sir Fr.Massam, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hony-

wood, Colonel Perry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Geo. Searle was read; setting forth, That Ditto. Nicholas Searle, the Petitioner's Kinsman, deceased, being seized of several Lands, in Fee, and designing to continue the same in his Name, by his last Will, devised all his Lands, &;c. to his Niece Mary Bryant, and the Heirs Male of her Body, upon Condition only, that she Should marry with, and have such Issue by one sumamed Searle; and, for Default thereof, to Bryant, in like manner; and, for Default thereof to the Petitioner, for Sixty Years; Remainder to the Heirs Male of his Body:

That Eliz. Bryant married with one Jacob Cliffe. Gentleman: That one Isaac Savery, to enable him to marry the said Mary Bryant, and to intitle himself to the Benefit of the said Proviso, by changing his Surname to that of Searle, in 1685, and again in 1089, preferred his Bill in Parliament for that Purpose, but could not procure the same to pass: That Mary Bryant hath passed a Recovery, and done what she can by Law, to bar the Remainder to the Petitioner; and Savery has now again brought his Bill into this House for the Purpose aforesaid: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to w hom the said Bill is committed. Also

A Petition of William Searle, Merchant, was read; Ditto/ setting forth, There being a Bill depending in this House to enable Isaac Savery to take upon him the Surname of Searle, the Petitioner is advised the same will be prejudicial to his Right; and praying to be heard therein before the Passing of the said BilJ.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the same Committee.

A Bill for discharging the Payment of Tolls for Cattle Burrough passing over Burrough Bridge, and other Places upon ®rlt^er the High Road in Yorkshire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cattle Tolls/

A Bill for delivering Declarations to Prisoners, was Delivering ' read the First time. Declarations

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. to I>nsoners‘

1

A Bill for prohibiting the Use of all Lotteries, was read Lotteries, the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent the Delays of Proceedings at the Quar- Delays at ter Sessions of the Peace, was read the First time. Quarter

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time. Sessions.

A Petition of James Hamilton, Esquire, was presented Royal Mines,

to the House, and read; setting forth, That Sir Geo. Hamilton, in the Time of Car.I. by Grant from the Crown, enjoyed the Royal Mines in Ireland, on which he expended many Thousand Pounds; and particularly on the Mines called the Silver Mines, in the County of Typer ary; and would have received great Advantage thereby, had it not been for that barbarous Rebellion in Ireland;. wherein all his Works and Workmen were destroyed: That afterwards King Charles, the Second, in Consideration of the said Losses and Sufferings of the Petitioner’s Father and Family (being all in Exile with his Majesty), did grant all the said Royal Mines to the Petitioner’s Father, James Hamilton, Esquire, Son of the said Sir George, for Sixty-onfe Years; the Interest in which Grant, upon the Death

9 N of

786

2i° — 23°

Ai 16

of the Petitioners Father,-devolved on his Widow, who administered; and she surrendered the said Grant, in order to the obtaining a new Grant to the Petitioner, which passed the Great Seal of for Sixty-one

Years, in the Beginning of the Reign of the late King James: And that there being a Bill depending in the House, relating to the Royal Mines of England (of which the Petitioner had no Notice, until it had passed the Committee) that will affect the Petitioner’s said Grant, and praying to be heard, by his Counsel, at the Bar of the House, to so much of the said Bill, as relates to his Interest in' the Royal Mines of Ireland, before the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Hamilton be heard by his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, before the said Bill do pass.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Charles Keymis have Leave to go

Absence. into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Suits, and praying to be heard against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Walthall’s to enable Richard Walthall, Esquire, to sell Lands, for Estate, the Payment of Portions and Debts, was rpad the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ley, Sir Jonath. Raymond, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Dyot, Sir John Mmvwaring, Mr. Hedger, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr.

Perry, Mr. Hoiv, Mr. Hill, Mr. Waller, Mr. Lutterell,

Mr. Piggot, Mr. Blawfield, Sir Tho. Mr.

England, Sir Tho. Bellot, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Christy, Mr.

Wilmot, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. White, Mr. Fenwick, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Chester, -

caster, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Privilege — The House being informed, that Mr. Bentley attend-

Libellous ed, according to their Order;

Publication. He was called jn; and examined touching the printed Pamphlet, intituled, " King William and Queen Mary Conquerors, 8$c."

And then withdrew.

Then Mr. Bohun, in the Custody of the Serjeant at* Arms attending this House, was brought in; and, at the Bar, was examined touching the said Pamphlet; and owned the licensing the same.

And then withdrew.

To be burut Resolved, nemine contraThat a printed Pamph-by Hangman, let, intituled, " King William and Queen Mary Conquerors, 8gc.;" wherein are several Matters asserted, of dangerous Consequence to their Majesties, to the Liberties of the Subject, and Peace of the Kingdom; be burnt by the Hand of the common Hangman.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Dolben and Mr. Justice Rokesby;

Mr. Speaker,.

Triennial The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Parliaments, the frequent Calling and Meeting of Parliaments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also Maeries- The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made field’s Estate, by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Ralph Macclesfield to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Removing Resolved, That the Members of this House who are Licenser of of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do hum-tire Press. jjiy move his Majesty, that Edmund Bohun, the Licenser of the Press, be removed from his Employment.

Mr. Clark, according to Order, presented to the Wroth’s House a Bill to enable Sir Tho. Wroth, Baronet, to make EstaU* a Jointure and Settlement upon his Marriage, and to make a Provision for his Sister, notwithstanding his being under the Age of Tw'enty-one Years. And the same was received.

A Bill for reviving a former Law for Repair of High- Hertford ways in the County of Hertford, was read the Second ^oad*-time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committed of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Nine a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Bill to enable their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, Leasing and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel Duchy of of their Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, Cornwair-and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the De-. bate of the House, to Mr. Boscawen, Sir Franc. Massam,

Mr. Waller, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Edwa Hussey, Sir Musgrave, Colonel Titus, Mr. Hill, Mr. Wilmot, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Travers, Mr. Pig-got, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Roberts, Sir Tho. Darcy, Lord Castleton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fleming,

Sir John Moreton, Mr . Bickerstaff, Sir Sir Orlando Gee, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Goldwell, Mr.

Mr. Clark, Sir Wm. York, Mr. P. Foley, Mr. Harley, and all the Members thaj serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Privilege — A Complaint being made to the House of a printed Con.pla.nt of BooJ^ intituled, " A Pastoral Letter;" a u ication. And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resoloed, That the Debate be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 23* die Januarii;

4* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

Bankrupt*. A PETITION of Sir John Mordant, and others, A Creditors of Edward Backwell, Esquire, deceased, was read; setting forth, That, there being a Bill brought into this House for the better Recovery, and more equal Distribution, of Bankrupts Estates, which will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and occasion many tedious

Ordered, That the printed Pamphlet, intituled, " King a Publica-William and Queen Mary Conquerors, 8$c." wherein tien to be are several Matters asserted of dangerous Consequence bJirnt by to their Majesties, to the Liberty of the Subjects, and aneman’ Peace erf the Kingdom, be burnt by the Hand of the common Hangman, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in the Palace Yard, Westminster:

And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do see the same performed: And that the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex do assist the said Serjeant at Arms therein.

Then the House resumed the adjourned Debate of Privilege — Saturday last. Complaint of

And, a Motion being made, and the Question being aPubllc*tien-proposed, That a printed Book, intituled, " A Pastoral'

Letter," be burnt by the Hand of the common Hangman;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put:

The

To be burnt by Hangman.

Privilege — Complaint < a Publication.

Committees.

Pet worth Rectories.

Oith&a ton’s Estate.

23° — 240

787

Tellers for the Noes,

1160.

} »36.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas <fSir E Hussey,

1 ellers for the 1 eas,<j John Hm

Mr. Mountague,

Mr. Palmes:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question was put, That a printed Book, intituled, "A Pastoral Letter," be burnt by the Hand- of the common Hangman:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Ycas,{^;

TeUersfor theNo *{"»£££

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the printed Book, intituled, "A Pastoral Letter," be burnt by the Hand of the common Hangman.

Ordered, That the said printed ‘Book, intituled, "A Pastoral Letter," be burnt- by the Hand of the common Hangman, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in the Palace Yard, Westminster: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do see the same performed: And that the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex do assist the Serjeant at Arms therein.

1162. } ,155-

A Complaint being made to the House of a printed Book, intituled, " God’s Ways of disposing of Kingdoms ;"

And the Question being put, That the Book be brought up to the Table.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 24* die Januarii;

Prayers.

4* Gulielmi ct Mariae.

AN ingrossed Bill for settling Advowsons and Rights ' of Patronage of the Rectories of North

Chappell, Dung ton, Clewer,

don, Kirby Ovei'blowes, and and Vicarage of

Long Horsley, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing the Chapelries of North Chappell and Dungton, from the Parish of Peftvorth, and

erecting them into new Parishes; and for settling the Advowsons and Rights of Patronage of the Rectories of Petworth, Noi'th Chappell, Dungton, Clewer, Famham Royal, Worplesdon, Kirby O and Catton, and the Vicarage of Long Horsley.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle ‘do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Sale of the Estate of Osbaston, for Payment of Ten thousand Pounds Portion to Mary Osbaston, and of the Arrears of several Annuities of Two hundred Pounds and Four hundred Pounds per Annum, chargeable upon the said Estate, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Sale of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Francis Osbaston, Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and raising Ten thousand Pounds for the Portion of Mary Osbaston, his Daughter, chargeable upon the said Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Vol. X.

A Petition of Susanna Battailhe, and others, Creditors Woolen of the Hamborough Company, on behalf of themselves, Manufactur*. and many poor Widows and Orphans, Creditors of the said Company, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the ingrossed Bill for continuing Part of the Act, made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled,

An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufacture of this Kingdom, be read the Third time.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Miller have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Al)*e,ice-Occasions.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, Answer t» -That his Majesty having, according to their Order, been Ad<,reM-humbly moved, that Edm. Bohun, the Licenser of the Press, be removed from his Employment; his Majesty was graciously pleased to answer, That it Should be done.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and*

Sir Adam Otley;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, PriceV An Act to enable Roger Price to sell some Part of his Egtate* Estate for Payment of Portions to the Daughters of John Price, Esquire, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And also

A Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Abell Atwood to Atwood’* sell some Lands to pay Debts, and make Provision for Estate, younger Children: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And also

A Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell Pitt’s Estate. Part of the Lands and Tenements of Mathew. Pitt,

Esquire, and Robert Pitt, Gentleman, for Payment of Debts; and to settle the rest of their Lands upon the said Mathew and Robert and the Wife of the said Robert and their Issue: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Manuscript of the printed Pamph- Paper to be let, intituled, " King William and Queen Mary Con- returned, querors, 8$c.' and also the Letter delivered into this House, upon Saturday last, by Mr. Bentley, be redelivered to the said Mr. Bentley.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve it- Way* self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of 40(1 Mean& further Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous ' War against France.

And accordingly the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the'House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Mr. Attorney General also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, after the said Report is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War againt France.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Committees.

Hertford

Roads.

Private Bills.

Lords desire a Conference.

Greenland

Trade.

Trade in Cities, &c.

Royal Mines.

Triennial

Parliaments.

Woolen Manufactures.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

25° Jamarii. A. 169a.

Mercurii, 25* die;

4® Gulielmi et Marise.

Prayers.

THE House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for reviving a former Law for Repair of die Highways in the County of Hertford.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Titus took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Titus reported from the said Committee, That

they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to’ the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally.put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That no private Bill be proceeded upon beforeSatutday Morning next.

false Musters, and for Settling and Paying of Quarters, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House, upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Keck;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Hameldow An Act for settling and confirming the Manors and ^lauors* Lands in Hameldon in the County of Rutland, as they are now enjoyed, and have been for divers Years last past, pursuant to an Agreement for Inclosing and Exchanging of Lands there: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Special Act for taking special Bails in the Country, upon Actions Bail*, and Suits depending in the Courts of King’s Bench,

Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster', with an Amendment: To which Amendment they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Keck-,

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That the Lords do desire a Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, this Morning at Twelve a Clock, upon occasion of a Libel that has been lately printed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called iti again: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, Sir Tho. Littleton, Colonel Titus, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Sir Chr. grave, Mr. Harley, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Christy, Mr. Sir Seymour, Mr. Gzvynn, Mr. Herbert, Mr Mr. Price,

Lord Norries, Mr. Bromly, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Granville,

Sir Fr. Winning ton, Sir Jos.Tr Mr. How, do

manage the said Conference.

Sir Mathew Andrewes reported from the Committee to w hom the Consideration of the Petition of Sir Scuwen, and others, touching the Greenland Trade of Fishing, and also to prepare and bring in a Bill for the Encouraging the said Trade, was referred, That they had prepared a Bill (which they had directed him to present to the House) for the regulating, encouraging, and settling the Greenland Trade. And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing the Decay of Trade in Cities, Corporations, and Market Towns, be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamilton be heard by his Counsel, touching the Bill for removing Doubts, and preventing Controversies, concerning Royal Mines, To-pnorrow Morning, Ten a Clock, at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the frequent Calling and Meeting of Parliaments, be read the First time, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock. \

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for continuing Part of an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom, be read the Third time, Tomorrow Morning at Twelve a Clock.

A Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing

22

Ordered, That Sir Edward Acton have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Aulnage whole House, to whom the Bill for the transferring the Duty. Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same, be made Tomorrow Morning at Twelve a Clock.

Then the Managers went to the Conference: Conference

And being returned; on Li,jellou*

Mr. Boyle reported from the Conference, That they Publ‘caU0D-had met the Lords at the Conference, and that the Lord Mulgrave managed the Conference on the behalf of the Lords; and made an Apology for making the Managers stay, for that the Lords were upon an extraordinary Debate; and acquainted them, That, upon occasion of a late Libel, intituled, " King William and Queen Mary Conquerors, fyc." (which their Lordships had ordered . to be burnt by the Hand of the Common Hangman) the Lords had agreed to a Vote; which their Lordships conceived to be so important, that they thought fit to communicate the same to the House of Commons; viz.

" Die Martis, 24* Januarii, 1692."

" Resolved, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Assertion of King William and Queen Mary's being King and Queen by Conquest, is highly injurious to their Majesties; and inconsistent with the Principles on which this Government is founded; and tending to the Subversion of the Rights of the People."

Which Vote the said Mr. Boyle delivered in at the Table: Where the same.was read.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That the Assertion of King William and Queen Maty's being King and Queen by Conquest, is highly injurious to their Majesties rightful Title to the Crown Of this Realm; inconsistent with the Principles on which this Government is founded; and tending to the Subversion of the Rights of the People.

Resolved, That the said Resolution be communicated to the Lords at a Conference.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

A Petition of the distressed Orphans, of the City of London London, was presented to the House, and read; setting Orphan*, forth, That, by the supreme Power of the said City, to fofoe their Orphans Money into the Chamber of London, many of them are brought to great Misery: That the Lord

Resolutions communicated at Conference.

Ways and Means*-

4W. £?M. . 250 Januarii. 789

Lord Mayor and Aldermen, being sensible of the Petitioners Necessities, did, the First of March 1687, order, and inserted in the Gazette, that all Improvements of their Revenues (over and above what was necessary for the Sup--port of their Government) Should be applied to their Relief; and that the Discoverers of such Improvements Should be rewarded proportionably: That Discoveries have been made; and it is ready to be made manifest to the House, that the City hath enough to pay their Debts, and support their Government also: And praying the House to examine the same; and that, whatever Revenues appear more than absolutely necessary to support their Government, may be applied to the Relief of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London, touching the Orphans of the said City, was referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Nine a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the said Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London.

Mr. Boyle reported, That, he having been with the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference, immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Oi acred, That the Members that managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Sir Edxv.Seymour reported from the Conference, That

they had communicated the Resolution of this House to t.e Lords at the Conference.

Mr. Attorney General, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, the Resolutions agreed upon by the said Committee: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as foil .; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, tow ards the raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, there be laid (above what is now charged in the Look of Rates) an additional Duty of Twenty Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of Amber Beads, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above w hat is now’ charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Amber rough imported, after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of Amber Oil imported after the Tw enty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value upon Anchovies, the little Barrel, not exceeding Sixteen Pounds of Fish, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater 01* lesser Quantity.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Six Shillings the Last, of all Ashes called Wood, Weed, or Soap Ashes, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any' greater of lesser Quantity.

Vox.. X.

6. Resolved, That it is the_ Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above w'hat is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty Eight-pence the Piece upon Barbers Aprons, and Cheques, imported alter the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Shillings the hundred Weight, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds, of all Battery, Bashrooms, or Kettles, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the B<?ok of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Shillings the Hundred Weight, containing as aforesaid, of all Metal prepared for Battery, imported after the Tw enty-filth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) ad additional Duty of Four Shillings the Hundred Weight (containing as aforesaid) upon all Books unbound, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Twenty Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Black called Lamp Black, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of 1692;

and 60 in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of ail Boultell Raines, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now’ charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence upon every Gross of Bracelets, or Necklaces of Glass, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of Brass wrought, imported after the Twenty-fifth of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now’ charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Gallon on all foreign Brandy and Spirits, imported alter the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692;

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Shillings for every Gallon of Strong Waters, Spirits, or Brandy (above Proof, called double Brandy, over and above the Duties of Excise and Custom payable for the same), imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692.

16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now’ charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds, for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Buckrams, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

17. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Buttons of Hair, imported alter the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion lor any greater or lesser Quantity.

18. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (abovp what is now’ charged in the

9 O Book

790

250 Januarii. - A. 1692.

Ways and Means*

Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Bristles dressed and undressed, imposed after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 169-2; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

19. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there.be laid Four-pence the Pound upon all Bacon imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692.

20. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book' of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Calves’ Skins, imported, after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

21. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Piece of Callico, not exceeding a Yard and Quarter in Breadth, shall contain Twelve Yards, and every Piece above that Breadth shall contain Eight Yards, ana so for a greater or lesser Quantity thereof respectively.

2 2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of Carpets of all Sorts, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

23. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Eighteen-pence for every Gross of Catlings and Lutestrings, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

24. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of Scotch Coals, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

2,5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Impost* on Coffee, imposed by the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, be reduced to Half the Duty imposed by the said Act, for all Coffee imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692.

26. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Impost on Chocolate, imposed by the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, be reduced to Twelve-pence the Pound Weightfor all Chocolate imported aftef the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692.

27. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Impost on Cocoa Nuts, imposed by the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, be reduced to Sixpence the Pound Weight for all Cocoa Nuts, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692.

28. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid an additional Duty of Twenty-five Shillings the Thousand upon all Walking Canes (over and above all Duties payable for the same) imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

29. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid an additional Duty of Five Shillings the Thousahd upon all Canes called Rattans (over and above all Duties payable for the same) imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

30. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Seven Shillings and Sixpence the Hundred Weight, containing One hundred

' and Twelve Pounds, upon all Copper called Rose Brick, Copper Coin, and all Cast Copper, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

31. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Twelve Shillings

18

and Sixpence the Hundred Weight, containing as aforesaid, upon fill Copper part-wrought, as Plates, Bars, Rods, or raised, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December if>Q2; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

32. Resfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there: be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of R.ates) an additional Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence the Hundred Weight, containing as aforesaid, upon all Copper fully wrought, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

33. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Twenty Pounds for eve ry Hundred Pounds Value of all Coral Beads, and polished Coral, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

34. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Manufactures of Cotton (except Dimity not brought from the East Indies or China)imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of De-

cember 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

35. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Ten rounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Covvryes, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1092; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

36. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Impost upon Currans and Raisins, imposed by an Act made in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, be reduced to Half the said additional Impost for all Currans and Raisins, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692.

37. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Elephants Teeth, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

38. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Seven Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all rough Flax, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

39. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Fifteen Pounds for every I Iundred Pounds V alue of all dressed Flax, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

40. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Tow, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion

for any greater or lesser Quantity.

41. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Two-pence for every Yard of Flannel, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692.

42. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Three-pence Halfpeny for every ... of Freez, imported after the Tw enty-fifth Day of December 1692.

43. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Sorts of Furs, imported

after

4w.tf M.

2 50 Jamarii.

791

after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

44. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all counterfeit Gold and Silver Thread and Wire, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

45. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Four-pence for every Pound of Goats Hair called Carvienia , imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692. '

46. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now'charged in the Book of Rates) Two-pence for every Pound of Goats Hair, of any other Sort, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1092.

47. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value for Hides, of all Sorts, dressed and undressed (except Buff and Losh), imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

48. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Two Shillings for every Buff Hide, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692.

49. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above w’hat is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of One Shilling for every Losh Hide, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692.

50. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all rough Hemp, imported alter the Twenty-fifth Day 1692; and

so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

' 51. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid a Duty of Twenty Shillings for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and other Jewels and precious Stones, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692, to be affirmed by the Oath of the Importer, in lieu of all Impositions and Duties payable for the same; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

52. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Four-pence for every Pound of Indigo (not being of the Grow th of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692.

53. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Two-pence for every Pound of Indigo, of the Growth of the Dominions and Plantations belonging to the Crown of England imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692.

54. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That therebelaid upon all Iron, Iron Pots, Kettles, Backs for Chimnies, Iron slit or hammered into Rods, Frying Pans, Anvils wrought, single white and black Plates, double white or black Plates, and all other IronWares, imported from Ireland after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692, the same respective Duties as are laid on Iron, and Iron Wares imported from any Foreign Parts, by an Act made in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign; the said Duties to be paid during the Continuance of the said Act.

55. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all shaven Latten, black Latten, and round Bottoms, imported after the Twenty-

Voi.. X.

fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for Wavsand any greater or lesser Quantity. Means.

gl:. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Sorts of Leather, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

57. Resolved, That it js the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid (above what is charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Litmus, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December IJ692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

58. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid upon all Lapis exported

after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692, Twenty Shillings for every Tan, over and above all other Duties payable for the same; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

59. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty'of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Sorts of Madder, imported after the Twenty-fifth of December 1692; and so in proportion of any greater or lesser Quantity.

60. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Orchall, imported

after the Twenty-fifth Day of Decem 1G92; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

61. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Pintatk>es, or Callico Cupboard Cloths (not brought from the East Indies or China), imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

62. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid upon all Pitch (not being of the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging

to the Crown of England or Scotland)an additional Duty

of One Moiety more than what is charged upon the same, imported after the Twenty-fifth of December 1692.

63. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Sorts of Plate of Silver, gJlt . or ungilt, imported alter the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

64. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Rice, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 169 2; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

65. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Sorts of Rosin (except Rosin), not being of the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crow n of England or Scotland, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

66. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Shillings for every Weigh of Salt, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of Decemltcr 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

67. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of Thrown Silk of all Sorts, in

tb*

702 25 ° — 2 6 Januarii. i g

Ways and the Gum, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of Decern-Mean*. her 1692: and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

G8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Hook .....or any other Law) an additional Duty of Two Shillings for every Pound of Silk, wrought, of India, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692.

69. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid upon all Silk Ferret or Floret, an additional Duty of One Moiety more than what is charged upon the same, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692.

70. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Silks called Alamodes and Lutestrings, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 169 2, do pay the same Duties as if the same were imported from France.

71. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value for all Sorts of Skins, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and

so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

72. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid upon all Tar (not being the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of England or Scotland), imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692, an additional Duty of One Moiety more than what is charged upon the same.

73. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates)- an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Sorts of Ticks or Ticking (except Scotch Ticks and Ticking), imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

74. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Four Shillings for every Dozen Pounds of Thread Outnal, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

75. Resolved, That it is the Qpinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Tapestry or Dornick Hangings (except such as are manufactured in, or brought from, any Part of the French King’s Dominions), imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

76. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid upon all Tape and Incle, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692, an additional Duty of One Moiety more than what is charged upon the same.

77. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Impost charged upon Tea (by the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign) be reduced to Twelve-pence the Pound for all Tea, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692.

78. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ThatHhere be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Eight Shillings the Thousand of all Pan Tiles, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

79. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Sorts of Dying-wood, (except Drugs and Logwood), imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

80. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Wax called Bees-wax, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of 1692; and

so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

81. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid (above all Duties already charged in the Book of Rates, or otherwise) an additional Duty of Eight Pounds upon every Tun of French Wines, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1(192; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

82. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be charged upon all French Goods and Merchandize (except Wine and Brandy, and Vinegar) Twenty-five Pounds per Centum, in lieu of all other Duties, which shall be imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

83. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid an additional Duty of Six Siiiliings and Six-pence the Hundred Weight, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds (above all other Duties chargeable for the same) upon all Fatten Brass and Copper Wire, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantities.

84. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid an additional Duty of three Shillings the Pound (in lieu of all other Duties) upon all Coney Wool, exported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692.

8.5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be laid a Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, upon all other Goods not particularly rated in the Book of Rates, paying Duty at Value, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of 1692; to be affirmed upon the Oath of the Importer, according to the Direction of the Book of Rat.s; except such Goods or Merchandize as are charged by an Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon all India Goods and Manufactures, and upon all Wrought Silks, and several other Goods and Merchandize, to be imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of

Resolved, That the farther Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committer*.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith, Sir John Knight, Mr. Jen- Crown Oflici tiings, Sir John Barker, Sir Rich.Hart, be added to the Piocetdin,*.

Committee to whom the Bill to regulate Proceedings in the Crown Office of the King's Bench at is

committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 26* die Januarii',

4* Gulielmi et Marite.

Prayers.

H E Amendment, made by the Lords, to the in- Special Bail*, grossed Bill, intituled, An Act for taking Special Bails in the Country, upon Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster, was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Femvick do carry the said Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

O T

Ordered, That Mr. Christie, Mr. England, Mr. Arnold, Exporting be added to the Committee to whom it is appointed to Copper. ‘ inspect and consider of the Statutes which prohibit the Exportation of Copper.

Mr. Hamilton was, according to the Order of the Day, Royal Mines, by his Counsel, heard at the Bar touching the Bill for re-

18 . moving

4w.#m.

Ways and Means.

moving Doubts, and preventing Controversies, touching Royal Mines.

And being withdrawn;

Ordered, That the said Bill, which is ingrossed, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Supply Bill; A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Excise. Mr. Aferedith;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise, upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against Fran, without any Amendments. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resumed the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying ou a vigorous War against France.

And the First Thirteen of the said Resolutions were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the Fourteenth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment being proposed, by leaving out from " laid," and, instead thereof, inserting " for every Gallon of Strong Water, Aquavitae, or Brandy, commonly called Single Brandy, or Strong Waters, Two Shillings, Over and above the Duties of Excise and Customs payable for the same at any time before the Second Year of their Majesties Reign

And the said Words were, upon the Question, left out. And then a Motion being made, That the Words " Two Shillings" stand in the Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

26° — 270 Janmrii.

795

J 48.

Tellers for the Yeas

f Mr. Hutch

’.\Mr. England,

90.

Tellers for the

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the said Amendment was agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended; That there be laid, for every Gallon of Strong Water, Aquavitae, or Brandy, commonly called Single Brandy, or Strong Waters, Two Shillings, over and above the Duties of Excise and Customs payable for the same at any time before the Second Year of their Majesties Reign.

The Fifteenth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving outfrom " laidand inserting " for every Gallon of Strong Water, Aquavitae, or Brandy, commonly called Double Brandy, above Proof, Four Shillings, over and above the Duties of Excise and Customs payable for the same at any time before the Second Year of their Majesties Reign.

And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the same was agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended; That there be laid, for every Gallon of Strong Water, Aquavitae, or Brandy, commonly called Double Brandy, above Proof, Four Shillings, over and above the Duties of Excise and Customs payable for the same at any time before the Second Year of their Majesties Reign.

Royal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, u» Bill*. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend

his Majesty.

Vol. X.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Bills following; vis.

Anf Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the' said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance Ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France.

An Act for ta king special Bails in the Country, upon Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of King’s Bench) Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster.

An Act to enable Ralph Macclesfield to sell Lands soir Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children. —

Then the House proceeded in the Consideration of the said Report.

The Sixteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Nineteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-first, Twenty-second, Twenty-third, Twenty-fourth, Twenty-fifth, Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, Thirty-first, Thirty-second, Thirty-third, Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, and Thirty-seventh Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Thirty-eighth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " Seven Pounds;" and, instead thereof, inserting " Five Pounds."

And the Question being put, That " Seven Pounds'" stand in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /^r*

1 ellers for the 1 eas,|Sir Jq

Tellers for the Noes <fSir Tho‘ V'rnon>

tellers for the Noes,|Sir RC(jtt(m

So it passed in the Negative.

And, upon the Question put, " Five Pounds" was inserted, instead thereof.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended; That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all rough Flax, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

The Thirty-ninth, Fortieth, Forty-first, Forty-second, Forty-third, Forty-fourth, Forty-fifth, Forty-sixth, Forty-seventh, Forty-eighth, Forty-ninth, Fiftieth, Fifty-first, Fifty-second, Fifty-third, Fifty-fourth, Fifty-fifth, and Fifty-sixth Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereuponj agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the farther Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten ti Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris,27* die Januarii;

4* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

ABIL L for delivering Declarations to Prisoners in the Country, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goldwell, Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Waller, Mr. , Mr. 'White,

Mr. Fuller, Sir Orlando Gee, Mr. Mr. Fen-

wick, Mr. Staines, Sir Fr. Guibon, Sir Hen. Crofts, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Cha.Raleigh, Mr. Wilmot, Mr.

Mr. Cook, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Lutterell , Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Kay, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir John

9 p

Ways and Means.

Delivering Declarations to Prisoners.

tVivile^e of Members in Suits.

burrow liridge Cattle Tolls.

Aulnage

Duty.

Trade in Cities, i:c.

Privilege — Petition from a Person in Custody.

Royal

Mines.

Jjtiive of Absence#

794

270 Jatiuarti. . A. 1692.

Dorrcll, Mr. Bren er, Mr. FeMr. Mr.

Burdett, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Price-: And they are to meet this Atternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom it was referred to consider how the Privileges of the Members of this House, in relation to Suits in Law and Equity, may be limited and regulated, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

A Bill for discharging the Payment of Tolls for Cattle passing over Burrow Bridge, and other Places upon the High Road in Yorkshire, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Cl/risto/'er Jlusgrave, Mr. Gold-axil, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir John Kay, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Ra. Carr, Mr. Harley, Mr. Mr.

Arnold, Mr . Biddulph, Mr. Burdett, Mr. Femcic/c Mr. F)yot, Mr. Palmes, Sir Ro. Clayton, Mr. England, Mr. Wilmot, Mr. Schackerly, Mr. Fuller, Mr.. Campion, Mr. Cook, Mr. Gee, Sir John Guise, Mr. Blorwjeild, Sir Bryan Stajdeton, Mr. Carr, Mr. Clarke; and all the Members that serve for the County of York: And they are-to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: Aud are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Francis Calvert, the Lessee of the said Tolls, he heard by the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Queen Dowager’s Counsel be heard . By the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aplnage to the Custom-house, and giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same, was committed, be made upon Morning next,

at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing the Decay of Trade in Cities, Corporations, and Market Towns, ..... be made upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

A Petition of Edmund Bohu Esquire, was presented to the House, and read: Whereby he acknowledged his Offence; and begged Pardon for the same.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Bohun be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House: And that he be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

An ingrossed Bill for removing Doubts, and preventing Disputes touching Royal Mines, and that the King may have the Pre-emption, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made; viz. to leave out " Ireland," in Press 1. L. 20. and Pr.

2. L 6.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Douse; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly. And

An ingrossed Proviso was offered as a Rider, " That all Contracts made since the Day of 1690,

by Sir Carbary Price, with any Person concerning any Share in a certain Mine discovered in Common in the County of Cardigan, be void."

The same was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the same be read -a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for removing Doubts, and preventing Disputes touching Royal Mines, and that their Majesties may have the Pre-emption.

Ordered, That Mr. Shackerly do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir George Jillloughby have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of hi* Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Glyn have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence, casions.

Ordered, That Mr. Maclicl have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That this House be called over on Thursday Call of ib« Morning next, at Ten a Clock: And that such Members House, as have not had Leave to be absent, who shall not then attend the Service of this House, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House: And that such Members who have had Leave to be absent, and whose Time shall be then expired, and shall not then attend, be likewise sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Triennial tituledj An Act for the frequent Calling and Meeting of Parliament*. Parliaments, be read Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

1

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Advice to whole House, to whom the Consideration of that Part of the kin=-his Majesty’s Speech, whereby his Majesty desires the Advice of this House, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock,

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Ways an<L resumed the farther Consideration of the Report from the Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it w>as referred to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

And the Sixty-sixth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be mado, by inserting " except such Salt as shall be used in the Curing of Fish:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House dotli agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates) an additional Duty of Five Shillings for every Weigh of Salt (except such Salt as shall be used in the Curing of Fish) imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser-Quantity."

The Sixty-seventh Resolution being read a Second time; the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Sixty-eighth Resolution being read a Second-time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving, out " of India

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended; That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates, or any other Law) an additional Duty of Two Shillings for every Pound of Silk, wrought, imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1G92.

The Sixty-ninth, Seventieth, Seventy-first, Seventy-second, Seventy-third, Seventy-fourth, Seventy-fifth, Seventy-sixth, Seventy-seventh, and Seventy-eighth Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Blouse.

The Seventy-ninth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by inserting in the Exception, " Redwood from ."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said-Resolution, so amended; That there be laid (above what is now charged in the Book of Rates)

1$ au.

4 W. &, M.

27* — .'£$* yafttiarii.

795

an additional Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds Value of all Sorts of Dying-wood (except Redr

.wood from Guinea, Drugs, and Logwood) imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

The Eightieth, Eighty-first, Eighty-second, and Eighty-third Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Eighty-fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That there be laid an additional Duty of Three Shillings the Pound (in lieu of all other Duties) upon all Coney Wool exported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1692;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas:|^‘ 60.

Tellers for the Noes:gr/gfe3Ve*'!*OT> } 81.

So it passed in the Negative.

' The Eighty-fifth Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Dio. Clarges, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare and bring in a Bill upon the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That they do bring in a Clause to the said Bill, for repealing a Clause in the Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several additional Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for Four Years, from the Time that an Act for the doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, doth expire; whereby Single Brandy and Double Brandy are charged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorpus War against France.

f*all of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-Iloose. ing next} after the Call of the House is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for the preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 28* die

4° Willielmi ct Marije.

Prayers.

Wrotlfs A BILL to enable Sir Dio. Wroth, Baronet, to make Estate. _/V a Jointure and Settlement upon his Marriage, and to make Provision for his Sister, notwithstanding his being under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Atwood’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estute* to enable Abell Atwood to sell some Lands, to pay Debts,

and make Provision for younger Children, was read the First time.

ilesolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

- Mr.- Serjeant Blincoe, according to the Order of the Day, presented to the House a Bill to enable Thomas Goodztyti the younger to sell some Lands, for the Payment of Debts, and to make Prbvsion for his Wife and Children. And the same was received.

Delivering ' Mr. Goldwellreported'from the Committee to whom

Declarations the Bill for delivering' Declarations to Prisoners in the to Prisoners, VOl* -

Country was cortunitted, That they had blade several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed hhfc to report to the House; And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-> grossed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Salwerp That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make the River Navigation, Salwerp in the County of Worcester, and the Brooks adjoining, navigable;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

(Mr. Hopkins: / v

Teller, for the } 48.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for jmD0rtw the Importation of Saltpetre, notwithstanding the Act of Saltpetre. Navigation, , .

Mr. Serjeant Trenchardreported from the Committee pr-lvliege;

of Privileges and Elections, the Matter touching the Com-, . plaint of a Breach of Privilege against Sir William Basset, a Member of this House, by Digory Cloke, I'fttsenior, and Robert Dawbinjunior, in entering upon* and taking Possession of Part of the said Sir IViltiam Basset's Estate: The which he delivered in, in Writing, at the Table: Where the same was read; and is as fols loweth; viz.

On the Behalf of Sir William Basset was called

William Eustace: Who said, He had been in Possession . of Trewandra (which is Part of the Manor of Laurake, the Estate of Sir Wm. Basset), as Sir Wm. for Three Years and a Quarter: That he was to hold it for Five Years, at Ten Pounds a Year: That Cloke entered upon his Possession; and, with some others, not named in the Order, and so not summoned by the Committee, came and cut some of the Corn he had sow ed on the said Land; and hindered him from cutting of it. But the said Eustace saved the Corn: And that he had-some,

Hay in a Stall there locked up; which Stall was broke open, and the Hay delivered to Digory Cloke's Cattle, by Thomas Wills, his Servant: That Cloke claimed Title to the Land; and had kept him out of Possession ever since.

Peter Noyle said, He was a Servant to Sir and looked after certain Lands, called (which

is another Part of the Manor of Laurake): That he put a Nag into the Grounds; and, next Day, it was turned into the Lanes: And that Robci't Dawbin junior, and Samuell Dawbin, came to him; and called him damned Dog; and threatened to arrest him; and presented a Gun to shoot hjm; and offered to beat him with a Quarter-staff: That, Three or Four Days before, Robert Dawbin junior had offered Forty Pounds to Sir William Basset’s Steward for a Lease; and said, If he did not take that Money, he would have the Land nevertheless.

William Bcrmy testified to the like Effect, as to the Force offered to Noyle, and the Forty Pounds offered ... the Lease: And said, That old Robert s reputed

Cattle was put upon the Land; and that young Dawbin said, He took Possession for his Father.

John Hawkey testified, That young Dawbin said, He took Possession for his Father; and old s Maid

milked the Cows, and his Man looked after them.

There was no Witness produced for the Persons complained against: But theyrby their Counsel, insisted,

That William Eustace, being a Tenant for Term of Years, had his Remedy at Law (if any Wrong done) against Digory Cloke, or any Person else;

That

796

a8* Jaeuarii.

An I6

Leave of Absence.

Building

Ships.

Leave of Absence.

Lotteries*

Slembers

summoned.

Privilege-si Person discharged

That there was no positive Proof of Ahy Act against iRobin Dawbin senior.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee Came to these Resolutions t

1st, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That Digory Cioke, in entering upon, and taking Possession of Part of the Estate of Sir a Member

of the House of Commons, during the time of Privilege of Parliament, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of the House.

adly, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Robert 'Dawbin senior has not entered upon, and taken Possession of Part of the Estatff of Sir William Basset, a Member of the House of Commons, during the time of the Privileges of Parliament.

3dly, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Robert Dawbin junior, in entering upon, and taking Possession of Part of the Estate of Sir William Basset a Member of the House of Commons, during the tape of Privilege of Parliament, is guilty of a Breach of the Privileges of the House.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Digory Cioke, in entering upon, and taking Possession of Part of the Estate of Sir William Basset,a Member of this House, during the time of Privilege of Parliament, is guilty of a Breach of Privileges of this House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the stud Committee in the said Resolution.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That Robert Dawbin junior, in entering Upon, and taking Possession of Part of the Estate of Sir William Basset, a Member of this House, during the time of Privilege of Parliament, is guilty of a Breach of the Privileges of this House.

Ordered, That Digory Cioke be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Breach of the Privileges of this House, in entering upon, and taking Possession of Part of the Estate of Sir Wm. Basset, a Member of this House, in the time of Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That Robert Dawbin junior be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for Iris Bireach of the Privileges of this House, in entering upon, and taking Possession of Part of the Estate of Sir . William Basset, a Member of this House, in the time of Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Lord Fairfax have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Boscawen, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for encouraging the building good and defensible Ships. And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir John St. have Leave to go

into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the Bill for prohibiting the Use of all Lotteries, be read the Second time upon Wednesday Morning next at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go to the several Courts in Westminster Hall, and Court of Requests ,* and summon the Members to attend the Service of the House.

And he went with the MaCe accordingly.

And being returned;

Edmund Bohun, Esquire, was according to Order, brought to the Bar; Where be, upon his Knees, received

Then, according to the OrdeT of the Day, the ingrossed Triennial Bill from the Loras, intituled, An Act for the frequent P&rliameutt. Calling and Meeting of Parliaments, was read the First time.

And the Question being pot, That the Bill be Fead the Second time;

The House divided. 1

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yet® fMr‘

2lo.

132.

- 330-----

h^JSSnd,. a ^pnmand from ^Ir. Speaker

Ordered, That the said Edm. Bohun be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arm3, paying his Fees.

Harley

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Then the State of the Revenues of the City of London, city of and of the Offices in the Disposal of the Lord Mayor and London Sheriffs, and of the Charge of their Government, for- Revenues, merly presented to the House, was read; and is as followed); vis,

A true State of all the Revenues of the City of London.

The present Reserved Rents and Quit

Rents, entered in the City’s Books, of their Lands and Tenements, in Fee, amount to 3,880/.: But, by various Accidents of Time, the Collections fall Short, comma*

nibus Amis, 400l. - - -3,480 -

The said City holds the Manor of Finsbury, with the Appurtenances, by an ancient Lease from the Prebendary of St.

Pauls London, ending at the Year 1714:

The present Reserved Rents and Quit Rents whereof amount to The Tolls and Duties of the City Mar kets are let to Farm, for divers Years yet to come, at the yearly Relit of 3,600l.:

But the Farmers being outed, by Judgment at Law, of some Part of the Duties let to them, thereupon 500l. per Annum hath ever since been suspended: And that there is now no more paid to the City yearly, for the same, than - - - 3,100

The City’s Laystals are leased at ' - 400

The Duties ot Package, and Scavage, are let to Farm for - - - 1,20a

The Duty of garbling Drugs and Spices are leased at

The City’s Four Coalmeter’s Places, at 80/. per Annum, each -

The Tolls off Fleet Channel, rented at -

The City’s Interest in Queen Hit Meal

Market - - - - -do-----

The Groundage of Billingsgate, farmed at - 50 — —

The Sealing of Weights and Measures - 10-----

The Searching and Sealing of tanned Leather - . - - - - 10 — —

A small Duty of Aulnage, at - 2-----,

Out of the Lands belonging to Christ's Hospital, towards Repairing of Conduit Pipes - - - - 6 13 4

Standings at Bartholomew Fair, rented for divers Years to come,-at - - - 100 — — -

There is due to the City, for Money advanced towards building the Royal Exchange, 20,000l.: The Interest of which paid to the Chamber of London, at 61, per Cent, per Annum 1,200 - — r

Freemens Admittances, and Inrollments of Apprentice^, bring contingent; estimated, comm unibusAmus, at -1 l, QO0 < — —

The Weighing of Wool, with the Weigh House, and Housing for Wool, let for divers Years ty come, at - - - 30 — —

- 300 —

320-----

10»-----

as 4

There

4 W. M.

28° Jamarii.

797

There fire other ancient Branches of the City’s Revenues, which, by reason of the late Troubles and Resolutions of Government, remain in such a State, that now no yearly Income is answered to the City from thence.

Anciently the City enjoyed all the Profits of Three Beams; viz. the King’s Beam, Iron Beam, and the Steelyard Beam; and ancient Fees or Duties were answered to the City for every of thenrx:

But tire Ways and Means of recovering those Duties have been made so difficult and chargeable, by the contentious Practice of divers unfree Merchants, and by the Variation of some Opinions in Paw, that the City hath made no Profit of the same for several Years: But they humbly hope, by the Aid of Parliament, their Right unto the said Duties may be recovered.

There was, in like manner, an ancient Revenue arising unto the City from the Water Baitfige, both foreign and inland; the same having, been granted to them by the Crown, under a Fee-farm Relit of Three hundred Pounds, payable, and duly paid to this Day, by the Sheriffs of London, into their Majesties Exchequer; but, by a Judgment, unduly obtained, as they are advised, upon a Quo Warranto brought against the City, for the said Bailage, about the seme time that the illegal Quo Warranto was brought against the Being of the City, they have ever since been deprived of the said Duties of Bailage.

Yet they humbly hope to be relieved therein by the Justice of Parliament.

There were also Profits arising unto the City, very anciently, by an Office, commonly called the Outroper’s Offico:

But the Duties demanded for the Execution of the said Office have been, and are still, disputed by so many Merchants and others, who assume to themselves the like Powers for publick Outcry, and Sales of Goods, that no Benefit hath formally Years arisen to the City by the said Office of Outioper.

Nevertheless, as the City made their Application to this honourable House, in the last Parliament, to have their Right unto the said Office confirmed; so they humbly depend upon the Clemency and Goodness of this honourable House, to establish the Dutiel of the said Offices, for the Relief of the distressed Orphans.

Reprisals out of the aforesaid Revenues.

The City pays annually, for Rents and Quit Rents, as

followeth;

To die Company of Vintners, a Quit Relit, issuing out of a Tenement near Lime-street, Parcel of die Market -.

To the Company of Grocers, for Ground in Comhill - -

To the Company of Skinners, for Ground in the Herb Market, in Grace-church-street

To Mrs. Margaret Jarmin, an Annuity

by Contract, for Ground laid into Wool Church Market -

For die Ground of the Laystall at Mile End - -

To Doctor Triplet, by Contract, issuing ' out erf the George Brewhouse r

To the Prebend of Finsbury, in lieu of Relit, for die Lordship of Finsbury, issuing put of the said Manor -

To the Parishioners of St. manbury, for Ground - -

To Mary Barker, for Ground in Sea-coal Lane - -

To William J&othhy, for DowgateWkorf,

Laystall - -

To Sir Ben. Maddox, for his Interest there

To Mr. Cmclifft, for Pudd and

Concerns there -To Sir John Qwpley, for Ground m I Tool Church Market -

To Bubal College, for Ground in Gifild-hnllYard - -

To the Conduit Mead, QoH Relit Tq the Dean and Chapter of W a Quit Relit - - - ,

To John Smith, Gentleman, Fee Farm Relit, out of the Exchange To the Lady Wentworth, for Quit Relit, to the Manor of Stepney To Christopher Cratford, for Ground at Doicgate - - . - -

To the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's, a Quit Relit - -

A Quit Relit, for the City Barge House -To the Parishioners of St. Dunstan's, East, out of Leadenhall Market, Quit Relit -

To the Churchwardens of St. Mar--garet, Fish-street, for the Ground of the

Monument -

To the Clerk of die Bridge House, Qait Relit -

To Mr. Chamberlain, for overseeing the Poultry Compter Lands -To Ralph Snow, Esquire, for Quit Relit of Roundhead, at Paddi, in lieu of -a Pound of Pepper -

To the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, Quit Relit -To Mr. Tyndall, for the Laystall at Bvnhill - -

£ a. d. City of 4 — - 8 London

Revenue*

— 8 —

3 — " 8

— 66 18-----

4 13 6 10 — 8

t 10 —

>15 4

— 10 —

— 68 20 1 —

40 — —

£. s. d. 12 — — 12 — — 16 13 4

43 6 — 72 — —

80. — —

39 *3 4 6 13 4

3? — —

5Q ~ — 37-----

- 100 — 0 —

30 — —

739 5 8

The City pays annually, Monies appointed by Act of Parliament, in lieu of Tythes, as followeth;

To the Rector of $t. Mary Woolnoth, £. s. d. for Qlebe Land laid into Wool Church Market - - - - -18134

To the Rector of St. Margaret, New Fish-street, for Glebe Land near the Monument - - - - -at — —

To the Rector of St. Mary Magdalen,

Fish-street, for Glebe Land laid into the Street, and to the Churchwardens - - $ 1$ 4

For lost Tythes, for Ground laid into Honey Lane Market - - - -15 9 —

To the Minister of St. Andrew Hubbard, assessed on the publick Weigh-house - 234

To the Rector of St. Peter's, Comhill,

out of Leadenhall- - - - 4-----

To the Rector of St.Austins and Faith's,

out of Newgate Market - - - 8 — —

To the Rector of St. Michael for the Chamber - - - - 476

To the Rector of St. Lawrence Jury - 6 1 # 4

Assessed on Puddle Dock Wharf, to the Minister of St. Andrew Wardrobe - - 15 —

£. 88 14 10

io 6

To Robert Goslin, {ov White Fryers Laystall 90 — You X. "

The City pays anriually, on Account of Poors Rates,

Jd. s. d.

To the Poor of St. Michqel Bassishaw, assessed on the Chamberlain’s Office - 2 — —

Poor of Lambeth, on the City’s Barge-house ----- — 10 10

Poor of St. Faith's, assessed on Newgate Market - - - 9 15 —

Poor of St. Lawrence Jewry, on shall, and the Market at Mdk-street End - 8 10 8

Poor of Honey Lane ,on the Market there - - - - 5 4 — 1

Poor of St. Leonard’s, Shoreditch, on the Laystall - - - — 13 4

Poor of Alhyllams the Great, assessed on Brown's Wharf - - - - 16 —

Poor of Hackny, Bishop oiLitchfield, and

Coventrye i Gift - - - - -10 — —

Q Poor

City of London Revenue s»

798

a 8° Januarti.

A. 1691.

.....d.

Poor of Hampsted, out of the Interest of

Money deposited - - - 7 —

Poor of St. Sepulchres, out of the Interest of Money deposited - - - 15 -----:

Poor of Ilford, out of the Interest of

Money deposited - - - - 1 - 3-----

Doctor Spurstow's Alms-houses in Hackney - - - - 210 —

65 15 10

And the City pays, for Legacies given by their Benefactors,

as followeth;

Lady Bemardiston, for Sermons to condemned Prisoners -

Mr. Symcotts, for Bread to poor Prisoners in London and Southwark -

Mr. Carsons, to poor Widows, in Waistcoats, Shoes and Stockings - - '

Mr, William Middleton, to poor Prisoners -

Mr. Robert Smith, to Market Harborotigh Sir John R aimcell's Bequest Sir Jokn Phillpott's Bequest

Mr. John Carpenter's Bequest - Mr. Coston's Bequest -

Mr. Winters Bequest, for poor Children of the Parish of Athallowe Staining

Mr. Rogers Alms-folks

6

s.

13 10 —

5-----

13

9

46 30 15 34 12 10 16 42 10

25 —

24 —

6

4

4

7

8

£ 257 55

Reprisals.

The whole Duties of Package and" Scavage. being, by ancient and continued Usage arid Acts of Common.Council, due to the Lord Mayor; and the whole being formerly estimated under 600 /. per Annum there hath been an Improvement made thereof, and are now let at. 1,200 Annum: And in lied of the said Moiety, due 'to the Lord Mayor, there hath been, by Acts of Common Council, allowed to his Lordship, yearly, instead of his Moiety, the Sum of -

And, towards the Payment of the Fee-farm Relit of 300l. by the Sheriffs, to the Exchequer, there is paid out of the said Duties of Package and Scavage And, for Wax, Herring, and Sturgeons, and a petty Toll - -

£. s. d.

173 6 8

To the Lord Chief Justice, One Year’s £. Exhibition for poor Prisoners in the King's Bench, and Marshalsea -The Three Sermons preached in the Easter Holidays, and for Money given to the Poor, and other necessary Charges -Bread for the Prison of , computed, communibus Annis, at -

An Allowance for the poor Prisoners in the Two Compters -

To the Inhabitants of Dukes , the Charge of their Presentments To the Juries otFinsbury, annually, at the Court -

For One Year’s Interest of 1,200l. deposited in the Chamber, to secure the Duties of Package and Scavage

For One Years Interest of 1,550/. deposited in the Chamber as a Security for the Relit of the Markets -

Payments and Entertainments to the Preachers of Paul's Crosse Sermons, being an ancient Charge on the City Lands given by Benefactors for that Purpose

Taxes to the Government, Trophy Money, and Scavengers Rates, taked on all the City Lands, their Markets, Laystalls, Wharfs, Duties of Package, $c.

Workmens Wages and Materials in Repairing the City’s publick and other Buildings, estimated, communibus Annis, at 1 Minister of the Poultrey Compter Minister of Wood-street Compter Minister of Ludgate - -

Ordinary of Newgate -

Chaplain to the Court of Aldermen Clerk of Guildhall Chapel - -

Rector of Dukes Place, on Endowment Otters Heads brought into the Chamber, to prevent the Destruction of Fishing, at 6 s. 8 d.perliesd, estimated, communibus Annis, at -

s. d.

2 2

16 9 ~ 171 6 —

10 — —

72-----

93-----

- 147-----

- 1,000 —

,5oo-----

30-----

30-----

30-----

30-----

20-----

10-----

13 8

3-----

Total - JO. 5,289 15 3

The Offices in the Disposal of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs of the City of London.

The Lord Mayor, for the Time being, is Clerk of the Markets; and anciently, together with his Under Officers, received all the Profits thereof; and, the same being now improved to an annual Relit to the City, ofThree thousand One hundred Pounds, as aforesaid, there is, in lieu thereof, allowed unto the Lord Mayor, and his Under Officers, for their Care about the said Markets, per Act of Common Council, out of the said Relit, the annual Sums following; viz.

d.

To the Lord Mayor for the time being -To the Under Officers of Market, Honey Lane Market, and Newgate Market ----- To the Under Water Bailiff, out of the ,said Markets -

To the Company of Parish Clerks For the Nezv River Water -To the Treasurer at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, out of the Duty of Package and Scavage - - - -10 — —

Recorder,

Four Common Pleaders,

150----- Comptroller of the Chamber,

Steward of Southwark,

- 12 13 4 The Remembrancer,

----- — ----- City Solicitor,

£. 1,487 1 9 City Auditor,

----- Four Attornies of the

Mayor s Court,

Clerk of the Court of Con-'

the Great Beam, Iron Beam, and the Beam at the Steel yard, and Two Weighing Porters,

Two City Viewers,

Two Surveyors,

] The Lord

Sword-bearer Common Hunt

Mayor’s

Housholdl

Officers.

100-----

468 — -

13 -

15 —

14 JO --

science,

Clerk of the Chamber, Clerk-of the Bridgehouse, Clerk of the City Works, Fifteen Coalmeters,

Ten Commeters,

Four Saltmeters,

Four Fruitmeters,

Printer,

Stationer,

Keeper of Guildhall,

Four Keepers of the Prisons; " viz. Newgate, Ludgate, and the Two Compters,

Two Keepers of Moorfields, Two Meal Weighers,

City Waits,

Measurer of Silk,

Two Master Weighers at

Water Bailiff,

Three Serjeant Carvers, Three Serjeants of the Chamber,

Serjeant of the Chanel,

T w'o Yeomen of the Chanr-ber,.

Two City Marshals,

Four Yeomen of the Water-, side,

Yeoman of the Chanel, Under Water Bailiff,

Six young Men,

Yeomen of the Market, and Foreign Taker,

Two Yeomen of the Meal Market,

Two Yeomen of the Wood Wharf.

City

4 W. & M.

58* Janttariu

799

City and Bridgghouse Artificers;

Carpenters, Painters,

Bricklayers, Glaziers,

Masons, Paviours, and Porters*

Plumbers,

Shootman,^Inferior Officers employed about the Works Purveyor, J of London Bridge.

Sheriffs Officers; viz.

Two Secondaries, Eight Clerk Sitters,

Two Clerks of the Papers, Two Prothonotaries,

Eight Attornies of the Sheriffs Thirty-six Serjeants, Court, Thirty-six Yeomen,

These Officers are nominated by the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs for the Time being, to be admitted by the Approbation of the Court of Aldermen, and hold their Places as l'veeho\der?,quamdiuse bencg By reason where-

of the Disposal of such Places rarely happen to the Lord Mayor or Sheriffs; the said Officers claiming it as their Due, by Custom and antient Usage, to transfer their Places by the Permission of the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs respectively, wirii the Consent of the Court of Aldermen.

The Charges of the Government.

Pavements and Amendments of Ways mid Sewers belonging to the City, estimated, communibus amis, at To the Serjeant of the Chanel for several Services - -

To Buckets, in cases of Fire, for the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs for the Time being Ancient Fees to the Officers of the Great Seal, at presenting the Lord Mayor to the Lord Chancellor, or Keeper of the Great Seal - -

Fees paid at Westminster to the Officers in the several Courts, on the Lord Mayor s Day - -

Barge Master and Watermen, on the said

Day.....-

To the Clerk of the Estreats under the Green-wax, by Composition -

For the Audit Dinner Stationers Bills, Printers Bills, cammuni-btts annis, computed at -

The Remembrancers and Solicitors Bills, being contingent, computed, annis, at ' -

Mr. Mann the Hall-keeper’s Bills, for necessary Charges in and about Guildhall, annually computed at

The Four Quarters Bill for Watching, in and about Guildhall

The City’s Trumpets Attendance annu ally -

Retaining Fees to the Attorney and Solicitor General, to be standing Counsel for the City, Eighteen Guineas, at every Christmas according to ancient Use

Wine to the Keeper of his Majesty’s Closet, annually -

New Year’s Gifts to the Four Clerks of"' his Majesty’s Council, Two Guineas each; Under Clerks, Twenty Shillings each; Two ..... Council Chamber, Forty Shillings each, Porter there, One Guinea; Fueller of the Presence, Ten Shillings; Two Privy Gallery-keepers, Forty Shillings each; in all

£. S. d.

- 420 —

- 25-----

- 11 12 —

2 IO —

5 6-

5 IO —

25-----

20-----

-310-----

5,

S

- 500 -

r

I,

-300-----

n

- 60-----

- 30 — —

- 19 7 —

s

- 30-----

) 22 3 6

J

To every Lord Mayor, an ancient Fee out of the Chamber

To Air. Recorder his Salary, Eighty Pounds; and his Deputy, Forty Pounds; in all -

To Mr. Chamberlain his Salary, Fifty") Pounds; as Rentor General, Fifteen Pounds; I Riding Charges, Seven Pounds; for ga- \ thering Blanch Appleton's Rents, One Pound

Ten Shillings; Reward at the Audit, Ten Pounds -

Voi.X.

- 80 —

120

83 10

To Mi*. Common Serjeant his Salary To Mr. Town Clerk for his Salary, 23/. 6$. 8 d.;and for writing the Reporto ry, 4/. - - -;

To Mr. Comptroller of the Chamber his Salary, 40/.; Riding Charges, 61.; over-seeing Ratcliffe Lands, 13$. 4 Reward at the Audit, 61. 13$. 4 examining the Accornpt, 3 s. 4 — -

To the City Auditor his Salary, 20/.; for keeping the City’s Accompts in a Journal and Ledger, 30/.; and to his Clerk, annually allow ed by the Auditor, 12/. 10 s. To the City Remembrancer his Salary -To the City Solicitor, his Salary -To the eldest Pleader his Fee To the Three other Pleaders, 40 each -To the Steward of Finsbury, and his Clerk - -To the- Third Attorney in the Mayors Court, for his keeping the Journal, his Fee -

To the Clerk of the Chamber his Salary, 10/. 6 s. 8 d.:Reward at the Audit,

21.; ingrossing Books and Accompts, 12 1.5 s. io</.;inall -

To Mr. Chamberlain’s Clerk his Salary, 10/. ingrossing Leidgers and Journals of Orphans Debts, and drawing and examining Accompts, 19/. 165. 8 and annual Allowance, 9/. 6s. 8d. -To Mr. Swordbearer his Salary, 481, ijs. 4 d.;and a Reward at the Audit,

3/. Os. 8 d.- -To Mr. Common Hunt, for himself and Man, 9.5/. 13 s. 4 d. ;and Reward at the Audit, 3/. Gs. 8 d.- -

To Mr. Common Cryer, for his Salary, 30/. Reward at the Audit, 2/. in all To Mr. Water Bailiff his Salary, 65/.; Reward of the Audit, 3?. 6 s. 8 d.; Inquisitions by Juries, Westward, for Conservation of the Fishing and Navigation of the River of Thames, communibus annis, 18/. -Inquisitions as before, about the Rivers of Thames, Medway, and Lee, Eastward, estimated, communibus annis, at

To the eldest Serjeant, bound to constant Attendance at the Lord Mayor’s, his Salary, 277. 6 s. 8 d.;and for his Reward at thfe Audit, 2 /.

To the Two other Serjeants, their Salary, each, 23/. 6 s. 8d.; and to each, for their Reward at the Audit, 2/.; in all

To the Three Serjeants of the Chamber of London, their Fee, each, 13/. 16 s. and for their Reward at the Audit, each 6 s. 8 d. -To the Keeper of Guildhall his Salary, 11/. 6s.; Reward at the Audit, 6 s. 8d.; his Men sweeping Mr. Chamberlains Offices, 31.; and as Verger of the Chapel, 51.

To the Serjeant of the Chanel To the Yeoman of the Chamber hisT Salary, 8/. t6s.; Reward at the Audit, 1 I.) To the Foreign Taker -

To the Four Yeomen at tire Water-side, 20/. each -

To the Yeoman of the Chanel To the Under Water Bailiff To the Six Young Men in the Lord Mayor’s House, to each 13 s. 4 in

all -

To the First Yeoman of the Wood-wharf his Fee -

To the Second Yeoman of the Wood-wharf his Fee -

£ S. d. City of Lott-

4® ' ~ do* Revenue.

: 27 6 3

53 10

62 10 —

50-----

26 13 4

3-----

6-----

6 3 4

14 6 8’

- 24 12 6

- 39 3 4

- 52-----

- 99 — —: 32 — —:

86.6 8-

- 100 ——

29 6 8

‘ 50 13 4

42 8 —

19 12 8

6

16

14

9

3 4 — 1

80-----

9 14 — -

10 10 8

- 52-----

9 4 —

6 —

To

City of London Rtvenm.

800 a8 Januarii — I. Februarii.

To the Two Meal-weighers, each 51.

45.

To the Keeper of the City’s Peslhouse -To the Rentor of the Lordship of Finsbury -

To the Under Bailiff of Finsbury To the Bargemaster his Salary/ and keeping the Barge - -

To tee eldest Marshal his Salary, 100l.; (orse, 10/.; and . Sij

109/. 10*.

£. . d.

to S — 13 6 8

3 6

— 13

8

4

768

keeping his Horse, 10/.; and . Six Men,

- 219 10 —

- 60 —

To the Second Marshal his Salary To the Two Keepers of Moorjietds, 10/. each -

Beadle of Bridewell, and Two Under Officers, each 20*.

City Waits -

Clerk of the City Works -

City Bricklayer, Carpenter, Smith, Plumber, Founder, Plasterer, Mason, Printer, each - -

Keeper of the Gaol of Newgate Fruitmeters -

Clerk of the Peace - For Cloth for Liveries to several Minis-'j ters of State, Chief Justices, and the City 1 Attornies in the Courts at Westminster, 120 12 — with the Clerk and Secondary of the Crown, and others - -

Tq several other Officers, by ancient'

Usage, belonging to them from tee City, for Liveries

20-----

53 6 8

10-----

16---

368

40---

368

233 2

Total of tee Charge of the Government 3,946 11 8

The Relit of Ten Coalmeters Places, of Eighty Pounds per Annum for each of them, have, Time out of Mind, belonged to the Lord Mayor for the Time being, for tee Maintenance of several Tables for above Thirty Officers, . bound to constant Attendance attbe Lord Mayor’s House, about the Affairs of this City; And the said Rents were never paid to the Chamber, nor esteemed Part of the publick Revenue of the Body Corporate.

There are several other inciaentand contingent Charges, that cannot be enumerated, nor foreseen, nor estimated, under any particular Head of Expence; which nevertheless may be of mischievous Consequence, if the City Should have no way to save or raise Money to defray the same.

There is continual Danger of Fire to the publick Buildings and Offices, and also of private Houses, wherein most of the City’s Revenues doth consist; and Commissions may often be granted concerning the Cleansing, and Conservation of the Rivers Lee and Medway, which may happen to be chargeable; and Plague may also happen, wherein some Charity out of the Chamber of London to the Poor may be extremely necessary; and the contingent Profits from Bindings, and Inrolmenta of Freemen and Apprentices, and other contingent Revenues, may, in a great measure, oease; besides the great Rents of the Markets, which, by express Covenants, is to cease dining such Calamities.

But we, having, to the best of our Judgments given to this honourable House a just Estimate of the Charges of tee Government in prosperous Times, humbly submit all the accidental Charges that may be incident, to be considered by the great Wisdom of this honourable House. Dated thee December 1692.

Goodfellow.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said State be referred to the Committee of tee whole House, to whom tee Consideration of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the said City, touching the Orphans, is referred.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the several Petitions of William Goodwyn, and others, and of the distressed

*7

Orphans of the said City ("which were formerly presented to the House), be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- London ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Orphan*, of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of tee City of London, touching the Orphans of the said City.

And then tee House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 1* die Februarii’,

4* Gulielmi et Marias.

PlLAYEJtS.

ABIL L for prohibiting the Use of all Lotteries was Lotteries, read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Arnold,.

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Clarke, Mr.

Shackerly, Mr. Dyot, Mr. White, Mr. , Sir

Fra. Molineux, Sir Fran. Blake, Mr. Blojidd, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Richard Hart, Mr. Smith, Mr. Price, Mr.

Freeman, Mr. Bade, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Fra.

Mr. Goldwell, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Christopher feild, Sir Ro. Dutton, Sir Roger Mr. Btvmley,

Sir Edw. Abney, Mr. Lloyd, Mr: Foley, Mr. Piggot, Mr.

Campion, Mr. Preston, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Speke, Sir Walter Clarges, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Dorrell, Colonel Beaumont, Mr. How, Mr. Cook, Mr. England, Mr. Brockland,

Mr. Gxvyn, Mr. Lassels, Mr. Waller, Sir John Raymond,

Mr. Henley, Mr. Colt, Mr. Mansell, Sir Franc. Vincent,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Rebow, and all the Members that serve for tee Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwarke: And. they are to meet Tomorrow, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records: And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That they do prepare and bring in a Clause against Wagering upon the Debate of the House.

Sir Robert Demers, according to the Order of the Day, 4nla*g«

reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and for giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same, was committed,

That, in order to the filling up the Blanks in the said Bill, they had made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence.; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout.

And the First Amendment being read a Second time, the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by tee House.

A Petition of the Duchess of Richmond, and the Farmers of the Duties of Aulnage, was presented to the House; praying to be heard touching the said Bill.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be received;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.f^; ] 5 ->-

Tellers for the Noes,{’$£ rMaugk: ' } " '

So it passed in the Negative.

Aud then the rest of the Amendments being severally read a Second time, one by one, some of them were agreed, and others disagreed unto, by the House.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Harris have Leave to go into the Leav* of Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of Ins Health. Absence.

Ordered,

4 W. M. i % — 2®

®oi

Leave »f Ordered, That Mr. tVUliam have Leave to

Absence. g0 into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Binns Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be riven to thanked. Mr. Binns, for the Sermon by him preached bemre this House at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon the Thirtieth

of January last: And that he be desired to printthe same: And that Air. Boyle and Sir Orlando Gee do acquaint him therewith.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Means. (after the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the frequent Calling and Meeting of Parliaments, is read the Second time), resolve itself into 3. Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Lotteries. A Petition of Henry Killigreto, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That his present Majesty (in Consideration of long Services by the Petitioner performed to the Crown, as Groom of the Bedchamber) did grant, by his Letters Patents, unto tSe Petitioner, Four hundred Pounds per Annum, to be issuing out of the Rents and Profits of the Lotteries for the Term of Eleven Years; that, by a Bill now depending in this House, the Use of all Lotteries is intended to be taken away; whereby the Petitioner will lose his just Right, and only Subsistence; and praying the House to have a Regard to his said just Right in the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for prohibiting the Use of all Lotteries, is committed;

It passed ii» the Negative.

Greenland

Trade.

A Bill for the regulating, encouraging, and settling the Greenland Trade, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Privilege — Counterfeiting Franks.

A Complaint being made to the House, That one Joshua Butler, a News-writer, had counterfeited the Hands of several Members of this House, in the Franking of several Letters to be sent by the General Post;

And several of the said Letters being delivered into the House; and the Members, whose Names were endorsed as Franking the same, denying their Names were written by them;

Ordered, That the said Joshua Butler be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That no Letter from any Member of this House go Frank by the Post, but what shall be signed by the proper Hand of such Member.

Delays at A Bill to prevent the Delays of Proceedings at the Quarter Quarter Sessions of the Peace, was read the Second time. Sessioi.a. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jos. Tre-denham, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Clark, Mr. Holt, Colonel Titus, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Air.

England,^\r Walt.Young, Air.Hopkins, Air Lord

Dighy, Mr. Waller, Sir Edw

Mr. Thomhaugh, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Slater, Mr. Price,

Mr. Piggot, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Mr.

Tilney, Mr. Freke, Mr. Cooke, Sir Jos. Williamson, Sir John Banks, Mr. Westerne, Mr. Belie, Sir Tho. Sir Fr. Blake, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Tho. P. Blount, Mr. Lloyd, SirFr.Winnington, Sir SirRalphCarr:

And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Discovering Air. Waller reported from the Committee to whom the Judgments. Bill for better Discovery of Judgments in the Courts at Westminster was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to feport to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Vo l. X.

Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjohmed. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jervis, 2* die Febru , 4* Gulielmi et Alariae.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for Naturalizing of Henry Sheibell, sheibeil'*, and others, was read the Third time. Ac. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the Naturalizing of Henry Sheibell, and othere,

Ordered, That Air. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir John Manwaringreported from the Committee to Walthall’*

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate, to enable Richard Walthall, Esquire, to sell Lands for the Payment of Portions and Debts, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and had directed him to report the same, without any Amendments:

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill to enable Sir Tho. Wroth, Baronet, to make a Wroth'# Jointure and Settlement upon his Marriage, and to make a Provision for his Sister, notwithstanding his being under the Age of Twenty-one Years, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clark,

Mr. Freke, Mr. Smith, Mr. Portman, Mr. Palmer, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Haw, Mr. Lassells, Colonel Deane, Sir Cha.

Raleigh, Mr. Boyle, Sir Fra. M Air. Pollen, Mr. Goldwell, Mr.- Harley, Mr. Hedger, Mr. England,

Mr. Gee, Mr. Slater, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Fenwick, Mr.

Willmot, Mr. Colt, Mr. Ettei'ick, Mr. Harley, Mr. Holt,

Sir Wm.Honeywood, Sir John Key, Mr. Pawlet, and all

the Alembers that serve for the Counties of Devon and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Pre*erving better Preservation of the Game, against Poachers. Game.

Mr. Fetrwick reported from the Committee, to whom Trade in

the Bill to prevent the Decay of Trade in Cities, Corpo- Cities, &c. rations, and Market Towns, was committed, That they had considered the several Petitions to them referred, and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: Aud which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For the vacating all Contracts of Subscriptions for Money, for carrying on the said Bill.

And the same was twice read.

And the Question being put, That the same be made.

Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That any Person settling in a Town, and paying to Church and Poor, may carry Goods.

And the same was twice read.

And the Question being put, -That the same be mad*

Part of the Bill;

9 R The

Lotteries.

Privilege — Pressing a Members Servant.

T riennial Parliaments.

V/ays and Cleans.

Members

summoned.

Call of the House.

East India Trade.

02

2°- — 3"FehruariiJ' A. 1691.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

}, J«.

TeUera forth* Noe,: {*£; } »99-

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the BiH, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House, divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller for the Yea*: {f? Kj } a3°'

TeUe^for theNoe,:^ — } .30.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher Musgraoe, Lord Brand Gerrard, Mr. Homo, Colonel , Lord Norries,

Colonel Earle, Mr. Kinaston, Colonel Colonel Perry, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Pitts, be added

to the Committee to whom the Bill for prohibiting the Use of all Lotteries, is committed.

A Complaint being made to this House, That one Thomas Gwillipi, a Servant to Mr. Mansell, a Member of this House, coming in his Livery to receive his Letters, was pressed, and shipped off for to go into

Flanders;

Ordered, That the Mayor of do search all

Transport Ships, Packet Boats, and all other Ships in that Harbour, for the said Thomas Gwillim; and, if he find, him, that he do take him thereout, and send him to the said Mr. Mansdl', and that he do send a particular Account to this House, where, and in whose Hands, or Power, he shall find the s&idThomas Gicillim; and do also examine him, and transmit the Examination to this House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Transportationdo search all Transport Ships for the said Thom. Gwillim; and, if they find him, that they do send him to the said Mr. Mansell.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the frequent Calling and Meeting of Parliaments, wa§, according to the Order of the Day, read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Veneris, 3* die Februarii;

4* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

A PETITION of Henry Attwood, Gentleman, was Attwood'*

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Estate-That the Petitioner, and Abell Attxvood, his Son, before his Marriage, entered into Articles; whereby the Petitioner agreed to settle on his said Son, and his Heirs, the Manor of Park Attwood, which was performed accordingly; and his Son in Consideration thereof, was to pay the Petitioner Fourteen hundred Pounds; great Part whereof is yet unpaid: That she Petitioner being also bound, with his said Son, for a considerable Sum unsatisfied, his Son. about Four Years since, conveyed the said Premises to the Petitioner for Ninety-nine Years, if his Son Should so long live; And, notwithstanding the Petitioner’s Right in the said Premises, his Son hath brought a Bill into this House to enable him to make Sale of the same: And praying to be heard against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Abell Attwood to sell some Lands to pay Debts, and make Provision for younger Children, be read the Second time.

A Petition of Richard Holt, in Custody of the Serjeant Privilege — at Arms attending this House, was presented to the Petition from House; and read: Whereby he acknowledged his Offence; ^tody. and begged Pardon for the same; and prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Richard Holt be discharged,’paying his Fees: And that, in order thereunto, he be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Richard Holt be not hereafter admitted or allowed to solicit any Matter whatsoever depending before this House.

Sir John Packington, according to Order, presented to salwerpe

the House a Bill for making navigable the River Navigation,

in the County of Worcester, and the Brooks thereunto adjoining. And the same was received.

Mr. Attorney General, according to Order, presented Expiring to the House a Bill for reviving, continuing, and ex- Laws, plaining several Laws expired, and near expiring. And the same was received.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House do attend their Service in this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Sevennight, at Ten a Clock: And that such Members as have-not had Leave to be absent, who shall not then attend the Service of this House, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House: And that such Members who have had Leave to be absent, and whose Time shall be then expired, and shall not then attend, be likewise sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

9

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Nine a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Smith’* for the Sale of Lands, by Sir Robert Smith, and settling Estate other Lands, of a greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Holt, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Dore,

Mr. Hawtrey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hungerford, Mr

Sir Fr. Molyneux, Mr. Downey, Mr. Dyot, Lord Rant-

lagh, Mr. Whitehead, Sir Eduard Hussey, Mr. B Sir

Tho. PopeBlount, Mr. Waller, Mr. Piggot, Mr. Mount ague,

Mr. Scobell, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Hobby, Mr.

Westemc, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Essex and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hamelden for the settling and confirming the Manors and Lands in Manor*. Hamelden in the County of Rutland, as they are now enjoyed, and have been for divers Years last past, pursuant to an Agreement for Inclosing and Exchanging of Lands . there, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Shadrack Vincent have Leave to go Leava of into the Country for Four Days, for Recovery of his Absence. Health.

Sir

Preserving

Game.

Leave of Absence.

Hertford

Hoads.

Building

Ships*

Timber in New Forest.

Woolen

Manufacture.

French Fleet.

Hackney

Coachmen.

4 w. &M.

O

Februarii.

803

Sir Hen. Gough, according to Order, presented to the House, a Bill for Preservation of the Game against Poachers. And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir William Thomas have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his < Health.

Ordered, That Sir John Barker have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Vaughan have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Freke have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill for- reviving Two former Acts of Parliament for the repairing the Highways in the County of Hertford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for reviving Two former Acts of Parliament for the repairing the Highways in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Colonel Titus do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for registering English Shipping, and for the encouraging the Building of good and defensible Ships, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for Increase and Preservation of Timber, within the New Forest in the County of Southampton, be read on Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That ‘the ingrossed Bill for continuing Part of the Act of Parliament made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom, be read upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

The House being informed, that, upon Intelligence given to Captain Robinson, (Who was in the Downs with several Men of War under his Command) That a Fleet of French Ships were going by to Dunkirk; and that he had no Orders to intercept or take them;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Matter; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Palmes, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Fox, Mr. Wharton, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Clark, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Hutchinson, Colonel Churchill, Sir Fr. Massam, Mr. Price, Mr. White, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Harley, Sir Ro. Cotton, Sir John

Kay, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Butler, Major Vincent, Mr. Colt, Lord Bellamont, Sir Wliter Young, Sir John Dorr ell, Mr.

Bicherstaffe, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Waller, Sir Price, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Norton, Admiral Russell, Mr.

Colonel Beaumont, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Thorn-haugh, Sir Sam. Dashwood, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Piggott, Sir Htn. Johnson, Mr. Mountague, Sir Ch. Musgrave, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Wm. Pritchard, Mr. Rudge, Sir Wm. Strickland', Mr. Colson, Sir Thom. Clarges, Mr. Chadwick. Mr. Bulkley, Lord Falkland, Mr. Sherrard, Sir Ra. Dutton, Sir Walt. Clarges, Mr. Dyot, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Burrard, Sir Wm. Cooper, Mr. Gray: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Hackney Coachmen within the weekly Bills of Mortality, on the Behalf of themselves and others, was read; setting forth, That an Act was Voj.. X.

made 13* and 14 Car.II. regulating the Hackney Coaches within the Bills of Mortality: 'Diat, by the last - Poll Act, the Petitioners were charged with, and did pay.

Five Pounds for every Coach; yet, notwithstanding, by Order of the City of London, One hundred and Twenty of the Petitioners were arrested, and forced to take Licences; and such as refused to pay down Forty Shillings, were indicted and imprisoned, to their almost Ruin:

That, if the Number of Coaches be reduced to a Certainty, it will (as the Petitioners conceive) raise a far greater Sum than the last Poll Act did: And praying That they may be reduced to a certain Number under such Regulations as the House shall think fit: And that they may have Leave to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the-carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That Colonel Strangewayes, have Leave to of go into the Country for Three Weeks, his Lady being Absence* very ill.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Ways and resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to M*ans' consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Serjeant Trenchard took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Serjeant Trenchard reported from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the said Supply to be granted to their Majesties.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- f^don ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Orphans, of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London, touching the Orphans of the said City.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- East India ing next, after the said Committee hath sat, resolve itself Trad*, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for the regulating, encouraging, and settling the East India Trade.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 4* die Februarii;

Committers.

4* Gulielmi et Atari®.

Pea

Y EES.

MR. Harley reported from the Committee to whom wroth’s the Bill to enable Sir Tho. Wroth, Baronet, to Estata. make a Jointure and Settlement upon his Marriage, and to make a Provision for his Sister, notwithstanding his being under the Age 6f Twenty-One Years, was committed, That they had examined and considered the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An

Pit's Estate*

Price's

Estate.

Ditto.

Making Sea Water fresh.

Ditto.

Leave of Absence.

Expiring

Laws.

8q$ 4 Ffkmrii*A.

Ap ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act, to enable Trustees to sell Part olf the Lands and Tenements of Mathew Pit, Esquire, and Robert Pit, Gentleman, for Payment of Debts, and to settle the rest of their Lands upon the said Mathew and Robert and the Wife of the said Robert and their Issue, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

i ' . 1 1

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,. An Act to enable Roger Price to sell some Part of his Estate, for Payment of Portions to the Daughters of John Price, Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Mary Price, Sidney Price, and Ann Price, by Simon Lloyd, Esquire, their Uncle and Guardian, was read; setting forth, That by a Bill now depending in this House for Sale of Lands in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, which were Part of the Estate of

William and John Price, Esquires, deceased, the Petitioners Grandfather and Father, to whom they are Heirs at Law, the said Bill will prejudice the Petitioners Right, if it Should pass; for that the said Estate was settled for valuable Considerations for raising Five thousand Pounds Portions, and Sixty Pounds per Annum, for the Maintenance of the Petitioners; and praying to be heard against the said Bill, touching their said Right

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the said Bill be read the Second time.

A Bill to enlarge the Term in the Patent granted to William Walcot, Esquire, for the making SeaWater fresh, dear and wholesome, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Foley, Mr. Carter, Mr. Piggot, Mr. How, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Pollen, Mr, Price, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Deane, Mr. Thomhaugh, Sir Wm. Lemon, Mr. Perry, Mr. Arnold, Sir Tho. Littleton, Serjeant Wogan,. Mr. Wildman, Mr. Sir John

Moreton, Mr. Henley, Mr. Clarke, Colonel Titus, Mr. Hedger, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Stokes, Mr.

Colonel Lee, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Row. Gxcyn, Mr. Goldrcell, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Neale, Mr. Weld, Mr. Bowyer, Mr.

Vincent, Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Hyde, and all the Members that serve for the Cinque Ports, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of Robert Fitz Gerald, Esquire, and others, was presented to the House,- and read; setting forth, That King Charles II. did, by his Letters Patents, dated 9 June 1083, grant to the Petitioner the sole Use of the Invention of making Salt Water fresh, for the Term of Fourteen Years: And being obstructed therein.by William Walcot, Esquire, on Pretence of a Patent to him granted in 1675, for the same Purpose; both Parties were (on the One-and-thirtieth of October 1683) heard by his said Majesty in Council; and Mr. s Patent was

then declared void, Mr. Walcot having agreed with the Petitioners to be allowed a Sixth Part of the Profits arising by the said Invention; notwithstanding which, Mr. Walcot has brought a Bill into this House, for enlarging the Term in his Patent vacated, as aforesaid: That the Petitioners have, at their great Charge, brought the said Invention to be easy and useful, both at Land and Sea: And praying to be heard against the said Bill; and that they may have the Benefit of an Act to themselves.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom tha said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Freke have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for reviving, continuing, and explaining several Laws expired, and near expiring, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

24

Mr. Attorney General, according to Order, presented importing to the House, a Bill for the Importation of Saltpetre, Saltpetre, notwithstanding the Act of Navigation.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Attorney General also, according to Order, pre- Prohibiting sented to the House, a Bill for the continuing the Acts £rade witl* for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, rance* and for the Encouragement of Privateers.

And the same was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Richard Holt was, according to Order, brought to Privilege__

the Bar: Where, upon his Knees, he received a Repri- Person dis-mand from Mr. Speaker: and, according to Order, was eharKed from discharged from being a Solicitor, and out of Custody, cu* y‘ paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Mr. Thompson have Leave to go into Leave of the Countiy for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Absence. Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilmot have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Godolphin have Leave to go into the Country for Recovery of his Health.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Ways and That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Means. Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tilers for the Yeas,{^ 'f' . } 91.

TOlers for the Noes, }'°3-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the said Supply to be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reported from the said Committee, That they had sat; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Triennial ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Parliaments, of the whole House, to consider of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the frequent Calling and Meeting of Parliaments.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for continuing Part of Woolen Ma-the Act of Parliament made in the First Year of their nufectures. Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom, be read the Third time, upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That no private Bill he proceeded upon after Pnvau Bill*. Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the private Bills now depending be dispatched before any new Bill be proceeded in.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve it- punisbvig self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Mutiny and the Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mu- Dwrtioa. tiny, or desert their Majesties Service; and for punishing false Musters, and for settling and paying of Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chau*.

Sir

Committee*.

Delays at

Quarter

Sessions.

Newark

Election.

Ditto,

Preserving

Game.

Hair Buttons.

4 W. & M.

Sir Richard Temple took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Temple reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had made Several Amendments'; which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight a Clock.

805

An ingrossed Bill for transferring the Collection of the Aulnage Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and for giving a Duty* Recompence to the Crown for the same, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in Press 2.

L: 14. to leave out " for;" and insert " that:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and for giving a Recompence to the Crown for the same.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Dovers do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

4° — 6° — y° Februarii.

Luna, 6* die;

4° Gulielmi et Mariae.

*Pr a

AYERS.

SI R Joseph Tredenhamreported from the Committee

to whom the Bill to prevent the Delay of Proceedings at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And some other Amendments were proposed to be made in the Bill; and agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended by Ml*. Speaker in the Chair accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Newark in the County of Nottingham was read; setting forth, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament does lie in the Inhabitants of the said Borough, who do pay, or ought to pay, Scotland Lot: That, at the Election of a Member to serve in the room of Nicholas Anderson, Esquire, deceased, many of the Inhabitants who had a Right to vote, were denied their'Voices: And though Sir Earle, Baronet, was duly elected; yet the Mayor of the said Town hath unduly returned Sir Francis And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises. And also,

A Petition of Sir Richard Earle, Baronet, was read; setting forth, That, although the Petitioner was duly elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Newark, C0711 Nottingham, in the room of Nicholas Saunderson, Esquire, deceased; yet the Mayor of the said Town has unduly returned Sir in wrong to the Petitioner’s Right; and praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petitions be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill for Preservation of the Game against Poachers, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Robert Cotton reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of all foreign Buttons made of Hair, and all other Foreign Buttons, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. X.

A Bill for the Importation of Saltpetre, notwithstanding Importing the Act of Navigation, was read the Second time. Saltpetre.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Sam. Dashzcood, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr.

Blmcfield, Mr. Boscowen, Mr. Burdet, Sir Herne, Mr.

Goldwell, Sir Math.Andrewes, Sir Ro. Cotton, Sir Robert

Dovers, Mr. Clark, Sir Fran. Drake, Mr. Waller, Mr.

How, Sir Chr.Musgraxc, Mr. Hutchin

Mr. Slater, Sir Tho.Littleton, Mr. Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Gxvyn, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Stokes, Mr.

Hill, Mr. Fawkes, Colonel Perry, Mr. And they

are to meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Mitton have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself Way9 and into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther Weans* of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Committees.

Martis, 7* die Februarii;

4° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, to enable Sir Thomas Wroth, Ba- Wroth’s ronet, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon his ®3tat*-Marriage, and to make a Provision for his Sister, notwithstanding his being under the Age of Twenty-one Years, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Sir Tho. Wroth, Baronet, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon his Marriage, and to make a Provision for his Sister, notwithstanding his being under the Age of Twenty-one Years.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

9S

A Bill

Greenland T rude.

Privilege — Petition from a person in c n:> tody.

Petwoithj&c. Kec tones.

Leasing

Bangor

House.

Bromhall's

Debts.

Building

Ships.

Leave of Absence.

806 7° Februarii. A. 1692.

A Bill for the regaining, encouraging, and settling the Greenland Trade, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Math. Andreics, Mr. Goldxveil, Mr. , Mr. Shader It/, Mr.

Hutchinson, Sir John Moreton, Mr Mr Mr.

Boseoweu, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Perry, Mr.

Mr. Ilophins, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Ra. Carr, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Mr.

dolph, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Harley, Mr. England, Sir Wm. Honyuood, Mr. Ash, Mr. Mr.

Dowdswell, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Colt, Mr. Burrai'd, Colonel Titus, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Dot e, Mr. Osburne, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Hedger,

Sir Fra. Massam, and all the Members of the House that are Merchants, and that serve for the Cinque Ports, and other Port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon -at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Joshua Butler, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read; acknowledging his Offence; and begging Pardon for the same; ana praying to be discharged opt of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Joshua Butler be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr.

Meredith;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing the Chapelries of North Chapel and from the Parish of Petworth, and erecting them into new Parishes, and for settling the Advowsons and Rights of Patronage of the Rectories of , North Chapel,

Dungton, Cleiver, Famham Royal, Kirkby

Overblowes, and Cation, and the Vicarage of Long Horsley, without any Amendments.

Also the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Humphry Lord Bishop of Bangor to make a Lease of Bangor House, with the Appurtenances, in the Parish of St.Andreivs Holborne, London, for a competent Term

of Years, in order to the new-building and improving the Relit thereof, for the Benefit of his Successors: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of such Interest as Thomas Bromhall, an Infant, hath in the Office of the Warden of the Fleet, and in Thirteen Houses adjoining, and in an Office of the Custody and Keeping of the Palace of Westminster, for the more effectual Payment of Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for Registering of English Shipping, and encouraging the Building of good and defensible Ships, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Perry, Sir Jervas Elzves, Mr. Wilmot, Mr. Smith, Sir Ma. Andrewes, Mr. Goldzvell, Mr. Mr.

Hill, Mr. Freeman, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr.

Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Hen. Goff, Mr. Hawtry, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Hedger, Sir Ra. Car, Mr. Fuller, Sir S. Bemadiston, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Waller, Mr. Buller, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Speke, Sir Hen. Johnson,

Lord Comimry, Mr. Stokes, Mr. England, Sir Moreton, Sir Row. Gztyn, Sir Robert Davers, and all the Members of the House that are Merchants, and that serve for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Pollen have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, his Son being very ill.

Ordered, That Mr. Fortescue have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, for his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Ra. Carre have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Chivers have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Fortnight, his Wife being very ill. Absence.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee to whom Apprehend-the Bill to encourage the Apprehending of Highwaymen, ingrHighway-was committed, That they had made several Amendments m,n* to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time severally, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Brewer also reported from the said Committee,

That they had directed him to move, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing of Felonies, and the more effectual Punishment of them, by indicting corporal Punishments, notextending to Death.

Resolved, That the said Committee do consider of, and prepare, a Bill for the better preventing of Felonies, and more effectual Punishment of them, by inflicting corporal Punishments, not extending to Death.

A Complaint being made to this House, That a Servant Privilege — of Mr. Lutterell, a Member of this House, going about Pressing a his Master’s Business, was lately pressed, and detairied gtrvanL in Custody, in Breach of the Privileges of this House.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Complaint; and also to inquire into, and examine the great Abuses daily committed by Press Masters; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Biddulph, Sir John Moreton,

Mr. How, Mr. Henley, Mr. Hill, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Slater,

Colonel Granville, Sir Fr. Molyneux, Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Brockman, Lord Falkland, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Tho.

Haslerigg, Mr. Bowyer, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Piggot, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Goldwell, Sir Roger Puleston, Mr.

Price, Mr. Bertie, Mr. JVharton, Mr. Lutterell, Mr.

Mansell, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Waller, Sir Jer. Ehoes, Mr.

Norryes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Harley, Mr. Dyotx Sir Ro.

Cotton, Mr. Freke, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir John Guise,

Mr. Colt, Mr. Butler, Mr. Bur del, Mr. Hopkins: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry Acourt, and others, was presented Letterie*. to the House, relating to the Bill for prohibiting the Use of all Lotteries.

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Triennial resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Parliament*, consider of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for the frequen? Calling and Meeting of Parliaments.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr; Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill: And that they haa directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Then the House being informed, That some Words The How* of Heat had passed between the Lord Brandon and Sir *nlerPM t# Edward Seymour, while they w ere in the said Committee QuarreL* of the whole House;

Ordered, That the Lord Branden and Sir Edward Seymour be enjoined by this House, not to take notice of any Mistake or Quarrel that hath happened between them in the House: And that they do pursue the same no farther; and be required to stand up in their Places, and declare the same to the House.

And

Februar

i Woolen \ Manufacture.

Committees.

Wollaston’*

Estate.

Goodwyn'*

Estate.

Regulating

Servants.

Pinmakers

Trade.

4 W. M. 70 — 8

And they were severally enjoined accordingly.

And they stood up in their Places, and declared to the House, that they would not pursue the Quarrel that had happened between them.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the frequent Calling and Meeting of Parliaments.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made some Amendments to the same: Which they had directed him te report to the House, when the House pleased to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the continuing Part of the Act of Parliament made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom, be read a Third time upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 8* die Februarii;

Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand privilege — from Mr. Speaker. a person

Ordered, That the said Joshua Butler be discharged discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees. from

A Bill for Preservation of the Game against Poachers, Preserving was read the Second time. Game.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Henry Goff, Sir Wm. Strickland,

Sir John Guise, Sir Jervas Elwes, Mr. White, Sir Robert

Dovers, Mr. Slater, Colonel Beaumont, Sit Richard Hart,

Lord Bellamont, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr Lord

bury, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Fleming, Sir WLemon,

Mr. Price, Mr. Pooley, Sir Tho.Haslerigg, Mr.

Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Sir Kay, ^lx.Cooke, Mx. Palmes, Mr. Dyot, Mr Mr.

Goldwell, Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. Foley, Mr. Waller, Mr.

Blofield, Mr. Burdet, Colonel Perry, Mr. Hampden, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Pa. Foley, Mr. Trovers,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Mansell, Lord Digby, Mr. Gwynn,

Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Rone. Gwynn, Mr. Ramsden, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Dowdsncell, Mr. Shacks erly, Mr. Norryes, Mr. England, Sir John Moreton, Sir John Darrell: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Wheat have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That a Bill for examining, taking, and stating Commission-the publick Accompts of this Kingdom, be read the First ers 01 time Tommorrow' Morning at Ten a Clock. ccompts.

4* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

SIR tRowland Gwynn reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Sale of certain Woodlands in the County of Southampton, and certain Articles of Agreement, made between Isaac Wollaston and Richard Wollaston, Esquires, was committed, That they had made an Amendment to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House; and w’hich lie read in his Place, with the Coherence: And afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House.

A Bill to enable Tho. Goodwyn, the younger, to sell some Lands, for the Payment of Debts, and to make Provision for his Wife and Children, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Serjeant Wogan, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the better Regulating of Servants, and preventing Inconveniencies arising by idle and disorderly Servants, and other Persons. And the same was received.

A Bill for encouraging the Trade of Pinmaking, and setting the poor Pinmakers at Work, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Colt, Mr. Biddulph, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Carter, Sit John Dorretl, Sir Ch. Greenfield, Sir Fr. Molineux, Colonel Perry, Mx.Slater, Mx.sturdett, Lord Cognisby, Mr inson, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Math. Andrewes, Mr. Henly, Mr. Freeman, Sir Jerv. Elnces, Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Christie, Mr. Piggot, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Hill, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Foley, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Fenwick, Colonel Goldwell, Mr. Gilbert, Sir John Guise: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Joshua Butler was, according to Order, brought to the Vol. X.

A Bill for Increase and Preservation of Timber within the New Forest in the County of was read

the Second time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas-/^r'

1 ellers for the Y eas -|Colonel:

Teller, for the Noe, ffsirkklmd: So it passed in the Negative.

Timber in New Forest.

111.

126.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Waya resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Means, consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker, left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had made a farther Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move,

That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, so consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the continuing woolen Part of the Act of Parliament made in the First Year of Manufacture, their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom, be read the Third time upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning East next, after the said Bill is read, resolve itself into a Com- Trade, mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade.

Ordered,

1

Pi flushing Ail tiny an Desertion.

I undon \ h phans.

I etter, &c. concerning i Member’s Servant.

Prices

Estate.

Butter and

Cheese

Trade.

Hinds's

Estate.

808

8* — 90 Fe

*A. 1692.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Also the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Lord Shan-whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Officers for settling the Estate of Francis Boyle Lord Viscount non'* Estate, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Shannon, in the Kingdom of Ireland: To which they de-Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for Settling sire the Concurrence of this House.

and Paying of Quarters; .....be made Tomorrow Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bayntun’x

Morning at Ten a Clock. Act for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the Will.

Trust created by the Will of Henry Bayntun, Esquire,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- deceased, and for raising a Portion for his Daughter; ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- with some Amendments: To which Amendments they

desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London, on the Behalf of the Orphans of the said City.

Mr. Travers reported from the Committee to whom Supply Bill; the Bill to enable their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, Leaeing

Sir Thomas Middleton presented to the House a Letter and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Par- £uchy of from the Mayor of Harwich, touching Mr. Mansell's cel of their Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, 'ornwu Servant; with Two loose Papers: Which were read. and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made Ordered, That the said Letters and Papers be delivered was committed, That they had made some Amendments

to Sir Edward Seymour.

And they were delivered accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

' Iotis, 9* die Februarii;

4° Gulielmi ct Marke.

Prayers.

A

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:' Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, with some Amendments proposed to be made, and agreed unto by the House, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edward Seymour acquaints the House, That he Communica-had laid before his Majesty the Letter of the Mayor of tien from the Harwich, in Answer to the Order of this House: And resPect*

to enable Roger Price, Esquire, to sell some Part ’ his Majesty had been graciously pleased to take Notice of lmPres'*

of his Estate, for Payment of Portions to the Daughters the great Violation of Justice that has been made, in Kid of John Price, Esquire, deceased, was read the Second napping of his Subjects, under the Pretence of Pressing time. them into foreign Service; and that his Majesty had a

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Price, Sir very great Resentment, that his Subjects Should meet with John Dorrell, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Gxcyn, Mr. Morgan, such Usage; and w ould take all’Care possible for the fu-SirRobert Cotton, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Boscowen, Colonel ture to punish the Authors of it: And that, in the first Titus, Sir William Yorke, Mr. Hawtry, Sir John Mamca- place, his Majesty w as pleased to call before him the Offi-ring, Mr. Piggot, Mr. Hobby, Colonel Deane, Mr. Tra- cers of the Army; and gave them a strict Charge, That vers, Mv.Lloyd, Sir Richard Hart, Mr. Carter, Mr. Eng- they Should receive no Men that were impressed; for, as land, Mr. G/emham, Mr. Bickerstqffe, Mr. Henley, Mr. they themselves had no Power to press, they Should not Harley, Mr. Bence, Lord Brandon, Mr. IValler, Mr. Speke, receive any Man that was pressed: And that his Majesty Mr. Mansell, Mr. Colt, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Smith, Sir Tho. would cause it to be made publick, by having it printed:

Dyke, Mr. Fenwick, and all the Members that serve for And that, in the next place, his Majesty gave Orders to the Principality of Wales, and for the County of Chester: the Admiralty to examine the Press Masters that had com-

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in mitted those Abuses; and that there Should be such exem-the Speaker’s Chamber. plary Punishment inflicted on them, that others Should

Ordered, That the Petition of Mary Price, Sidney be deterred from doing the like.

Price, and Anne Price, by Simon Lloyd, Esquire, their

Guardian, formerly presented to the House, and ordered Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to go into Leave of

to lie upon the Table till the said Bill was read, be referred the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence, to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said casions.

Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Stawell have Leave to go into the Sir Samuell BernardistonYC^OYtedi from the Committee Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa-to whom the Bill to prevent Abuses in packing and Weigh- sions.

ing of Butter and Cheese, was committed, That they had heard the Petitioners, whose Petitions were referred to the Committee; and made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, with some other Amendments proposed to be made, and agreed unto by the House were agreed unto by the House.

A Bill for examining, taking, and stating the publick Commission-Accoippts of the Kingdom, was, according to the Order *rs of Ac-of the Day, read the First time. compts.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Colonel Granville, according to the Order of the Day Triennial reported from the Committee of the whole House, to Parliament*, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the frequent Calling and Meeting of Parliaments,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- was committed, the Amendments made by the Commit-

grossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Adam Of ley;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the vesting a Messuage and Lands in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts of Abraham Hinde, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

23

tee to the said Bill: The which he read hi his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 1. L. 23, 24, leave out " Three Years;" and insert " One Year."

L. 26th and 27th, the same Amendment*

Press 2. L. 7th, leave out, " First Day of January and insert " Five-and-twentieth Day of March."

Press

Committees.

Pitt's Estate.

Salwerp

Navigation.

Essex

Election.

Discovering

judgments.

Delays at

Quarter

Sessions.

4 W. & M.

p° — i o° Februariii

Press 2. L. 9th, leave out " Threeand insert " Four."

And the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were,- upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be now read the Third time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the } 200'

Tellers for the Noe,. j i6t.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Colonel Granville do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House desires their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 10° diFebrmrii;

4* Gulielmi et Maria?.

P II A y E r s.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell Part of the Lands and Tenements of Math. Pitt....., and Robert Pitt, Gentlemen, for Payment of Debts; and to settle the rest of their Lands upon the said Math, and Pitt, and the Wife of the said Robert and their Issue; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Edward Phillips, Mr. Waller, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Henley, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Bade, Mr. Speke, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Sand ford, Lord Digby, Mr. Clarke,

Air. Arnold, Sir Richard Hart, Mr. Air. Blofield,

Sir John Dorrell, Sir Win.Lemon, Mr Air.

haugh, Mr. England, Mr. Burdet, Sir Robert Cotton; and all the Alembers that serve for the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Fohr a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to make navigable the River Sahverp in the County of Worcester, and Brooks adjoining, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, touching the Election for the County of Essex, be made upon Tuesday Aloming next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Tredenham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Leave of That Air. Piggot have Leave to go into the Country for Absence. Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House divided*

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in me nuumuive.

Ordered, That Air. Fenwick, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Price’*

Sir Jos. Tredenham, be added to the Committee to whom Estate*, the ingrossed Bill to enable Roger Price, Esquire, to sell some Part of his Estate, for Payment of Portions to the Daughters of John Price, Esquire, deceased, is committed.

Ordered, That the House be called over upo» Call of the

day Aloming next. House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Regulating the better Governing and Regulating of Vestries: And Vestries* that Sir John Guise do prepare and bring in the same.

A Bill for reviving, continuing, and explaining several Expiring Laws expired, and near expiring, was read the Second Laws, time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Air. Clarke, Mr . SColonel Titus, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Tho.

Clarges, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Air.

ham. Air. Bowyer, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Air.

White, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Air. Hutchinson, Mr. How, Captain Lutterell, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Bromley,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Freke, Sir Young, AI.fi

Fawkes, Mr. Waller, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Bickerstajfe,

Air. Foley, Colonel Beaumont, Sir John Knight, Air.

Slater, Sir John Key, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Balch, Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Beare, Sir Fr. Molyneux, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Price, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Cook, Mr. Eng- . land, Mr. Smith, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Wyiulham, Colonel Granville, Mr. Fenwick, Colonel Air. Harley;

and all the Alembers that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That they do consider of the Penalties that are upon such as export Wool; and to alter or add to the same, as they shall see convenient.

A Alotion being made, and the Question being put,

That it be an Instruction to the Committee, That Bridgwater be a Port to receive Wool from Ireland;

It passed in the Negative.

fSir Edward LIussey, /Sir John Dorrell:

/Sir S. Bernadiston, ^Captain Dy:

j> Co.

} 35-

An ingrossed Bill for the better Discovery, of Judgments in the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press last, L. #, by leaving qpt "Two," and inserting, "Four:"

And the same w-as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better. Discovery of Judgments in the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer.

Ordered, That Air. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An'ingrossed Bill to prevent the Delay of Proceedings at the Quarter Sessions, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the Delay of Proceedings at the Quarter Sessions,

Vo I.. X.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Air. Justice Gregory Triennial and Mr. Baron Turton; Parliaments.

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this Flouse to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the frequent Calling and Aleeting of Parliaments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Ways resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Means, consider farther of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Serjeant Trenchard took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Serjeant' Trenchard reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the

0 T Matter

Woolen

Manufacture.

East India Trade,

London

Orphans.

London

Writ.

Committees,

Goodwyn's

Lrtate,

Vitt’s Estate.

810 10° — n 0 FeA. 1692.

Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to he granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for continuing Part of the Act, made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom, be read the Third time, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, after the said Bill is read, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade.’

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, after the Report touching the Election for the County of Essex is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London, touching the Orphans of the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of London, in the room of Sir 'William Turner, deceased.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 11* di

4* Gulielmi et Maria?.

PllAYEES.

ABI L L to enable Tho. Goodwyn the younger to sell some Lands for the Payment of Debts; and make Provision for his Wife and Children; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Blincoe, Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Mr. Price, Sir Cotton,

Mr. Bulktey, Mr. Boscmcen, Colonel Titus, Sir JVm. York, Mr. Ha-why, Sir Jo. Mamvari Mr. Piggot, Mr.

Hobby, Mr. Deane, Mr. Travers, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Holt, Mr. Carter, Mr. Burdet, Mr. , Mr. Arnold,

Air. Henley, Mr. Clark, Mr. Bence, Sir Air. Waller, Mr. Bouyer, Mr. Mansell, Air.

Air. Parkhurst, Sir Walt. Young, Sir Dowell, Sir

Herb. Croft: And all the Alembers that serve for the Counties of Waneick and Northampton: And they are to meet at Four a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Agatha Pitt, Wife of Matheic Pit.t, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That there being now in this House an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, to enable Trustees to sell Part of the Lands and Tenements of Math. Pit, Esquire, and Robert Pit, Gentleman, for Payment of Debts; and to settle the rest of their Lands upon the said Mathew and Robert, and the Wife of the said Robert and their Issue; that there is no-Provision made for the Petitioner, though she brought a Fortune to her said Husband, worth Two thousand Pounds; and the very leasehold Lands and Houses that she had before Marriage, are, by the said Bill, to be sold; and praying to be heard against the said Bill, before the same do pass:' And that such Provision be made ijcr as the House shall think reasonable*

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell Part of the Lands and Tenements of Pit, Esquire,

and Robert Pitt, Gentleman, for the Payment of Debts; and to settle the rest of their Lands upon the said Math. and Robert Pit, and the Wife of the said Robert and their Issue, is committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Bankrupt*, whom the Bill for the better Discovery, and more equal Distribution, of Bankrupts Estates, is committed, be made upon Wednesday Alorning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to prevent Abuses in Butter and Packing and Weighing of Butter and Cheese, beTead the Cheese Third time upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock. friule*

A Bill for the'Continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Prohibiting Trade and Commerce with Prance, and for the Encou- Trade wub ragement of Privateers, was read the Second time. France.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Chr. MusgMr. Wharton, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Cooke, Sir Fr. Molyneux, Mr. Dyot,

Air. Hutchinson, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Slater, Mr. Stokes,

Air. Nprrycs, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Gee, Mr. Mountague,

Lord Eland, Colonel Granville, Lord Air. Fenwick, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Deane, Mr. Sir John

Guise, Mr. How, Mr. Arnold, Sir Tho. Mr.

Hawtry, Mr. Ryder, $ir Wm. LaLord Pawlet,

Air. Bockland, Mr. Henly, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Hedger, Sir Mat. Andreas, Mr. England, Mr. Attorney General,

Air. Fuller, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Colson, Sir John Austin,

Air. White, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Blow field. Sir Edward Abney, Air.

Harcourt, Mr. Biddulph, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Burdett,

Colonel Titus, Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. Bonyer, Captain Churchill, Lord Cognisby, Air, Harley, Lord Bellamontx Sir Cha.Raleigh, Mr. Beddingfield, Mr. Travers, Sir

John Moreton, Mr. Perry, Sir Johnson, Sir Jo.

Manwaring, Mr. Brewer, Sir FrMassam, and all the Merchants that are Alembers of the House, and all that serve for the Ports and Cinque Ports: And they are to meet at Four a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.-

And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That they give all possible Encouragement to Privateers, that mayconsist with the Prohibition of the Trade with France.

Ordered, That Afr. Parker have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

An ingrossed Bill for encouraging, the Apprehending Apprehend! of Highwaymen, was read the'Third time. ing High-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title "'‘Oro*1*-be, An Act for encouraging the Apprehending of Highwaymen.

Ordered, That Air. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Alessage from the Lords by Sir Miles Cooke, and Air. *;

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed, to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wroth*& to enable Sir Tho. W roth, Baronet, to make a Jointure and Estate. Settlement upon his Marriage, and to make a Provision for his Sister, notwithstanding his being under the Age of Twenty-one Years, without any Amendments:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving Hertford Two former Acts of Parliament for the repairing the Roads. Highways in the County of Hertford, without any Amendments:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Osbaston^ certain Manors, Alessuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Estate, late the Estate of Fran. Osbaston, Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and raising Ten thousand Pounds for the Portion of Mary Osbaston his

I, Daughter,

Trade in Cities, &c.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Ways and Means.

Woolen

Manufactures.

£ast India Trade.

W.i££ M. 11° — 130 Februarii. ii

Daughter, chargeable upon the same Estate, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to prevent the Decay of Trade in Cities, Corporations, and Market Towns, be read the Third time* upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a- Clock. '

Sir Richard Temple reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Punishing of Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for settling and paying Of Quarters, was committed; the Bill, with the Amendments made by the Committee: The which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout: And some of them, with some other Amendments proposed to be made, and agreed unto by the House, were agreed unto by the House.

And Clause B being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the’ Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir C/ir. Afusgrave, Lieutenant General

Tabnash, Sir 7ho. Clarges, Colonel Williamson, Colonel Gedj'ry, Mr. Herbert, Sir Temple,

Lord Ranclagh, Colonel LeColonel Beaumont,

Colonel 7 reUmney, Mr. Fo.i, or any Five of them, do

prepare and bring in an ingrossed Clause, upon the Debate of the House, to be added to the- Bill, upon the Third Reading thereof.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill touching Muster Rolls.

And the same was twice read; and, with some Amendments proposed, and agreed unto by the House, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made part of the Fill.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That *

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Officers or Soldiers shall quarter their Wives, Children, or Servants, in any House, by the Act appointed for that Purpose, w ithout the Consent of the Owner.

And the same was twice read; and, with some Amendments proposed, and agreed unto by the House, the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, against pressing Carts and Waggon?.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks for the Rates of Carriages, which were filled up by the House; and, with some other Amendments, were proposed, and agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-. ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and-Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for continuing Part of the Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom, be read the Third time, upon Tuesday Morning next, immediately after the Report of the Election for the County of Essex.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom-

Vol. X-

ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for preserving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London, touching the Orphans of the said City.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till . Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Lunee, 13° die 5° Gulielini et Mariae.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for confirming the Sale of certain \\ oodlands in the County of Southampton, and certain Articles of Agreement made between Isaac Wollaston and Richard Wollas-

ton, Esquires, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir RozvL Gzt-ynn do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with an Amendment, to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Sir John Guise, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the better Regulating and Governing of Vestries. And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for delivering Declarations to Prisoners, was read the 'Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press i. Line 23, to insert " now or."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table, accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for delivering Declarations to Prisoners.

Ordered, That Mr. Goldwell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Abuses committed by the Traders in Butter and Cheese, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered as a Rider, That nothing in the Act shall extend to any Warehouse within, or Vessel belonging unto, the Counties of Chester or Lancaster.

And the same was read Three times; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be.made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That all Persons that pack up Butter shall expose the same to Sale in some publick Market or Fair.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the Abuses committed by the Traders in Butter and Cheese.

Ordered, That Sir Samuel Bernardiston do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message

London

Orphans.

Committees.

Wollaston's-

Estate.

Regulating

Vestries.

Delivering Declarations to Prisoners.

Rutter and

Cheese

Trade.

(Towtr*

Estate.

Supply Bill; Impositions on Merchandize.

Commissioners of Accempts.

Ways and Means.

Lotteries.

Importing

Saltpetre.

Prohibiting Trade with France.

Crown Office Proceedings.

Committees-

Salwerp

Navigation.

13° — -140 Februarit. A. i6gil

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Meredeth;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords having passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the vesting the Manors of Bar, otherwise Thonock, otherwise Law Thonock, Hinton, otherwise and

other Lands in the County of Isle of and

Counties of Cambridge and Norf olk, in Trustees, for Payment of the Debts of Tho. Tent ers, Esquire, and making Provision for his Wife and Daughter: To which they desire the Concurrence of this blouse.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Attorney General, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for granting to their Majesties certain additional Impositions upon Merchandize.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for examining, taking, and stating the publick Accompts of the Kingdom be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning, before the Report of the Election for the County of Essex.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee!

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had considered of the Alatter to them committed; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; when the House pleased to receive the Report.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That Lord Brandon and Colonel Granville, be added, to the Committee to whom the Bill for prohibiting the Use of all Lotteries, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Pitt, and Air. Hobby be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Importation of Saltpetre, notwithstanding the Act of Navigation, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Mayne, Sir JVm. Yorke, Mr. Beak, Mr. Beare, Sir Fr. Blake, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of Privateers, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Jo. Manw Sir Hen. Goff, Bellot, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill to regulate Proceedings in the Crown Office of the King's Bench, at Westminster, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till To-i Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mart is, 14* d

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir -John Packing/on, Mr. Foley, Mr. Waller, Sir Richard Hart, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Bouyer, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Hutchinson,

Air. Goldu'ell, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Mr.

Lord Bellamont, Mr. Hcnly, Mr. Speke, Mr. Cook, Air.

Burridge, Sir Robert Colton, Colonel Deane, Sir Walt.

Young, Mr. Colt, Mr. Slater, Mr. Air. Palmes,

Mr. Hau lry.Air. Lloyd, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Clarke, Ain

Ba/sh, Sir S. Bernardiston, Lord Mr.

Jord, Mr. Travers, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Beare, Mr. Biddulph; and all the Members that serv e for the Counties ot Glocester, Worcester, Salop, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Fqur of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber i And they are impoivered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to enable their Majesties to tiriake Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Dutchy of or annex-

ed, to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable their Majesties'to make Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of Cornu al/, or annexed to the same; and f or Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made.

Ordered, That Mr. Travers do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Company of Pinmakers in the City of Bristowas read, setting forth, That a Bill being brought into this House to encourage the Art of Pinmaking; which, as the Petitioners conceive, is greatly to their and all other Pinmakers Prejudice, who do not inhabit in the City of and

tends to a Alonopoly; and praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for encouraging the Trade of Pinmaking, and setting the Poor Pinmakers at Work, is committed.

Mr. Goldu'ell reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1693, although the Alonth’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read, in his Place, with the Coherence; and, afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and, afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for granting to their Majesties certain additional Impositions upon Merchandize, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill, be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Aforning (after the Report from the Committee of the whole House, touching the Supply, is made), resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John Cotton have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on extraordinary Occasions.

5® Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AB1L L for making the River of Salwerp, in the County of Worcester, and Brooks adjoining, navigable, was read the Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Heming have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, his Lady being very ill.

Ordered, That Sir Eduard Hussey have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions,

A Bill

Leasing tl\^ Duchy of Cornwall*

Pinmakers

Trade*

Militia*

Supply Bill; Impositions on MercUaf* di ze.

I^ave of Absence.

Commissioners of Accompts.

State of Ireland.

Essex flection* '

5 W. & M.

A Bill for examining, taking, and Stating the publick Accompts of the Kingdom, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as have any Exceptions to the Accompts, formerly delivered in, from the Commissioners for examining, taking, and stating the Publick Accompts, and which now lie upon the Table, do present such their Exceptions, in Writing; to this House, by Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, take into Consideration, the State of the Kingdom of Ireland.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reported from the Committee, of Elections and Privileges, to whom the Matter touching the Election of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Es was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee: The which he read , in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, in- Writing; Where the same was read; and is as follow'eth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, That Mr. xcood, upon the casting up the Poll, had a Majority of One hundred and Forty-eight Voices more than Sir Harvey.

But the Petitioner, Sir Eliah, insisted there had been a great many Abuses committed in taking and closing the Poll; and called

Mr Wroth, Mr. Moore, and Sir Edward Turner: Who said, That they were present at the Election: That Sir Eliah Harvey had desired of Mr. Felton, the High Sheriff, that the Poll might be taken at the Court-house, as usual; but that the Sheriff refused so to do; but went to a-Booth, which he had caused to be built near the said Court-house; and there took the Poll: That the said Booth was not so commodious for taking of the Poll, in regard the Sheriff could not see all that were sworn; and was so filled up \vith Mr. Hollywood's, Men, that those that would have voted for Sir Eliah Hai'vey could not get in; and particularly, that Sir Eduard Turner w as forced to climb over the llooth, to get in: That Sir Eliah Harvey desired the Poll might be adjourned fill the next Day, in regard many of his Friends would not come to Town till then, not expecting the Poll to be over that Night; and that Sir Eliah offered to make Oath of it: That Two Persons unknown, before the last Book w’as shut up, came and demanded to be polled for Sir Eliah Harvey; but were not admitted: That Sir Eduard Turner demanded a Scrutiny; and the Sheriff made Answer, That he would consider of it: That, upon inspecting the Poll, they found a great many, that had polled for Sir Eliah Hai'vey, set down to Mr. and the Cypher

altered, and made a Figure of One.

That Mr. Kendall and Mr. Blackstone said, That they heard a Person that polled for Sir Eliah Harvey asked by him that inspected the Poll, if he had received any Money for his Vote, or Horse-hire: And,

That Mr. Gent said, That they gave Two Sorts of Oaths: That they first asked, Who they were for: That, if they answered, they were for Sir Eliah Harvey, they swore them, that they had Forty Shillings a Year, all Charges borne; and if they were for Mr. Honyxcood, they left out those Words, " all Charges borne :" That he observed it to be done to Two or Three Persons; but does not remember at which Poll it was.

That Mr. Trehernesaid, That Mr. who was

his Captain, and Under Sheriff, desired him not to vote for Sir Eliah Harvey; and told him, If he did, my Lord of ford would demand his Commission, being a Lieutenant.

That Mr. Patch said, he saw’ Mr. Treherne come to Poll; and that SU. Sheffield held up his Wand, and bid him have a care what he did: for that he promised to stand Vol. X.

neuter: That Three, that polled for Mr. had

no Estate to qualify them to tote: That he knew of several, that would have come next Day and polled for... Eliah Harvey;but said it was put up in the Market-place, that the Poll would be closed in One Day, if possible: That he saw one that polled for Sir Harvey, entered down for Mr. Honyxcood.

That Captain Browne said, That he had heard Captain Reev.s say, That he had a Letter from his Colonel to vote for him: Who said he w'ould oblige him so far as to vote for neither; and otherwise would have voted for Sir Eliah Harvey.

That Mr. Lee said, That he voted for Sir Eliah Harvey, said had no Application made to him for Mr. Honyxcood; but several People in the Parish did say, That Captain Hudson had threatened several Persons, if they voted for Sir Eliab

That Mr. Serle and Mr. Treherne said, They met, the next day after the Election, Thirty or Forty coming to vote for Sir Eliah Harvey.

That Mr. Jonas said, He met several of his Neighbours coming.

Mr. Thory said. That Mr. Sheffield came to Mr. Honyxcood, before the Poll was over, and said, "Now, Sir, we shall certainly carry the Day :" And that Mr. Toller, an Hour before the Poll was over, folded up his Book, and was absent for an Hour before the Books were sealed up: That, the Day after the Election, he saw Twenty, who told him they were coming to poll for Sir Eliah Harvey.

That John French said, He knew of Thirty.

And Mr. Green said, l ie knew of Twelve that were coming next Morning to vote Tor Sir Eliah Harvey.

Richard Palma' said, Three polled for Mr. Honyxcood, that had no Right; viz.John Palmer, Simon Ansty, and Sam.Buirell: That he saw the Oath pronounced to several; but they did not kiss the Book.

That Daniel Portman said, Richard Oliver and George Staines had no Freehold.

That John Bridge said, That Six Persons, who had polled for Mr. Honyxcood, declared that they would poll again; and that they thrust up to the Bar of another Poll: And that one Stokes said, there were several Quakers } And Captain Masely said, " Bring the Names, and I will enter them :" That Win.Perkins said, He had Five Shillings of Mr. Honyxcood.

That John Pounset said, He polled for Mr. Honyxcood', and had Eight Shillings given him by Mr. Wheeler, to bear his Charges, and for Horse-hire.

That John Baite said, That, after the Election, he saw a great many little People about Mr. llonywood: And that Mr. Hollywood asked them, If they were all paid; and they answering, No, Mr. Honyxcood replied, They Should be all satisfied.

That # Chandler said, He voted for Sir Eliah Harvey; and had Eight Shillings for Horse-hire and Charges: That Robert Harris had Eight Shillings, John Eight

Shillings, Nick. Harris and his Son Five Shillings apiece, John English his Horse-hire; who all lived at and voted for Mr. Hollywood.

That David Sidley said, Thom. Bruce had Eight Shillings, John King Eight Shillings, John Garret Eight Shillings: Hump. PoolyXlad no Right, and had Five Shillings: Wm.Sayer had no Right, and had Six Shillings, as they told him, and voted for Mr. Hollywood: That himself voted for Sir Eliah Harvey, and had Five Shillings for Horse-hire, and Three Shillings for Charges.

That, for the Sitting Member, were called,

Mr. Sheffield, the Under Sheriff: Who said, That the High Sheriff had commanded him to take Care to give timely Notice of the Election; and accordingly gave Notice in the most considerable Market Towns, in Writing: He began to give Notice the latter End of December, that the Election would be on Tuesday the Tenth of January; and, if possible, that it would be concluded the same Day: That he had Order from the High Sheriff to acquaint Sir Eliah Haivey, that the Election would be in the same Manner as the last Election was: And accordingly he left Word

9 U with

.14° FebrtlariL

Essex

Election.

814 140 — -150 Februarii. A. 1

with his Son: That he understood, that Sir Eliah Harvey had been acquainted by his Son with it, from a Letter he received from Sir Eliah: That the Quarter Sessions happened the same Day as the Election; and therefore the Sheriff thought tit to adjourn to the Booth: That the Booth was made in such Manner as that there were Six Clerks placed on-one Side, and Six on the other: That the Par-, tition was made but Breast-high; and the Sheriff, turning himself round, might see to any Part of the Booth: That there were Twelve Clerks appointed and sworn by the Sheriff': That there were Twelve Inspectors of each Side; and every Freeholder sworn, to the best of his Knowledge: That, at Sir Eliah's Request, the Court was adjourned for an Hour, and then they repaired to the Court-house, and gave Notice to the People, by Proclamation, that they Should repair to the Booth: That the Poll began about One of the Clock; and, about Four a Clock, the Poll slackening, they sent to the Market Place, and made Proclamation for the People to come and poll; and did afterwards the same several times, at the Booth: That, for Two Hours together, there were not above Thirty People polled: Knew no Man denied his Post, but One, that came to poll for Mr Honywood; and the Reason was, because

he came too late: That they made the Clerks sign and Seal the Books respectively: And Mr. , and several

of Sir Eliah’s Friends, were at the Casting up of the

Books; and saw the Seals broke open.

That Major Lloyd said, He was a Supervisor for Mr. Honywood; and there was one Mr. Bradbury at the same Book, for Sir Eliah Harvey, who took care, that those that

clime to be polled Should lay their Hands close to the Book, and be set down fair: That several Proclamations were made to come to the Poll; and, after Proclamation, Two or Three would drop in to Poll; and so for an Hour together: That, at last, when no more appeared, the Sheriff called for Candles; and was a long time in sealing up the Books: And that the Oath was, That they had Forty Shillings per Annum Freehold, and had not been before sworn; and the same was administred to all Persons indifferently.

That Colonel Desborough said, He was present, and did not see any Man polled, but who took the Oaths; and that there was no Interruption at all: That at the same Book, there was an Inspector for Sir Eliah Harvey.

That Mr. Hudson said, He came into Court when they began to poll, and kept moving, and went to the several Books; and' all he saw was fair: That, as to Ten Books, he found Inspectors; and at the Eleventh Book; none answered; but one had been fixed to the Book; but that was the best Book on Sir Elias Side: That there were Inspectors for Sir Eliah Harvey at every Book: That Proclamation was made in the most considerable Inns of the Town; and, for the last Half-hour, not above Twenty polled: That the Sheriff could see all over the Booth; and, when the Poll was closed he could go round on the Outside of the Booth, and not touch a Man: That he spake to some to be for Mr. Honywood; but told them, He would not court them: That the Alteration of Cyphers into Figures was done in Court, by the direction of the Inspectors, to rectify Mistakes, occasioned by the Clerks fast writing.

That Mr. Fmolersaid, His Book was the last open: And said, That for at least Two Hours, not above Ten Men came: That at last came a young Man to poll; but he was a Minor, and went back: And on who would

have polled for Mr. Honywood; but he came too late.

That Mr. Butler said, He was a Swearer at one Book; and every Man by him was sworn duly; and he gave the same Oath to all: That, after Four a Clock, none was polled at his Book.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Lemot Homjxcood, Esquire, is not duly elected a Knight

to serve in this present Parliament for the County of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

20

That Sir Eliah Harvey, Knight, is not duly elected a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Essex.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Election of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Essex, in the Place of Henry Mildmay, Esquire, deceased, is a void Election.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree

with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeHers for «he Yeas, }m9-

Tel|ersfor theNocS,{^rrf^*^""* J152.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Samuel Baldwyn, Esquire, was read; setting forth, That there is now a Bill in this House, for making navigable the River Salwerp: That an Act was made in King Charles the Second time, for making navigable the Rivers Storcer and Salwerp: Wherein the late Earl of Plymouth, and the Petitioner’s Father, had the greatest Interest; and they, and others claiming under them, have expended above Six thousand Pounds for that Purpose: And that the said Bill tends to make void the said Act, and to take away all the Works and Materials done in pursuance thereof: And praying to be heard against the said Bill, before it pass this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for making navigable the River Salwerp in the County of or Brooks thereunto adjoining, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. GoSir Chr. Musgrave, Sir John Knight, Sir Walt. Young, Mr Mr

ley, Mr. Chase, Sir Tho. Haslerigg, Mr. Lewis, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Importation of Saltpetre, notwithstanding the Act of Navigation, is. committed.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Bellot, Colonel Kirby, Sir Tho. Travell, Mr. Wharton, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill to enable Roger Price, Esquire, to sell some Part of his Estate, for Payment of Portions to the Daughters of John Price, Esquire, deceased, is committed.

A Petition of several Merchants dealing in Saltpetre was read, setting forth, That ## #

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Importation of Saltpetre, notwithstanding the Act of Navigation, is committed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, continuing Part of the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom, be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning, after the Committee of the whole House hath sat to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London, touching the Relief of the Orphans of the said City.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourhed till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 15* die Februarii;

5® Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

THE House took into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more speedy and effectual Execution of the Trust

created

Salwerp

Navigation

Importing

Saltpetre*

Price's

Estate.

Importing

Saltpetre.

Woolen

Manu-

facturen

Committee

Bayntun’i

WilL

Saury's

Name.

Trade in Cities, &o.

Leave of Absence.

W. & M.

15° Febru

created by the Will of Henry Esquire, de-

ceased, for raising a Portion for his Daughter.

And the same, being read, are as followeth;

And the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Sir Joseph Tredenham reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for enabling Isaac Savcry to take upon him the Surname of Searle, was committed, That they had examined and considered the Bill, and also the Matter of the Petition of Geo. Searle, the Consideration whereof was referred'to them; and that William Searle had waved his Petition; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be ingrossed;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Decay of Trade in Cities, Corporations, and Market Towns, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, That the Act shall not extend to Packers, or Traders, who carry Woolen or any other Manufactures of this Kingdom from Town to Town, to be sold to Shopkeepers only, or at Fairs.

And an Amendment being proposed to leave out " or any other;"

The Question was put. That those Words do stand in the Proviso.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{g

105.

Tellers for the Noes.

} 69.

Robert Cotton: fMr. Clarke,

’[Mr. Shackerly:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Proviso was read the Third time.

And the Question being put, That the Proviso be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas lSir J

letters for the \ eas,|sir Qha:

fSir John Knight,

[Sir Edward Phelips:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, touching the Borough of Southwark.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill do pass; The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes

1

101.

86.

Tellers for the Noes, John Morrell,

143-

77-

DyOtt:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act to prevent the Decay of Trade in Cities, Corporations, and Market Towns.

Ordered, That Mr. Fenwick do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Colonel Holt have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Hide have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Mark Milbanke have Leave to go Vol. X.

into the Country for Three Weeks, his Lady being very ill.

Ordered, That Mr. Batch have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Myles Cooke and Sir James Astrey;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Danby’s for the settling a Jointure on the Wife of Anthony Danby, Jointure. Esquire, and for making Provision for his younger Brothers and younger Children, and for Payment of his Debts, without any Amendments.

Also they have agreed to the Amendments made by Woollaston'6 this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming Estate, the Sale of certain Woodlands in the County of Southampton, and certain Articles of Agreement, made between Isaac Woollaston and Richard Woolla Esquires.

Also they have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sheibell’s, naturalizing Henry Sheibell, and others, with some Amend- &f* Nat-ments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also, they have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Williams’ enable Sir John Williams, of Lan Castle in the Estate. County of Monmouth, Baronet, to sell the Manor of Ewyas, Lacy, Waterston, and Trescaillan, and other Lands, in the County of Hereford, and the Manor of Carewent, and other Lands, in the County of Monmouth, for Payment of Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

An Act for selling the Estate of William Stevens, late Stevens* of Greenwich in Kent: To which they desire, §c.: And Estate, also,

A Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Assurance of Seymour’* the Manor of Woodlands, and Hundred of Knolton, unto Estate. Edward Seymour, Esquire: To which they desire the’ Concurrence of this House.

Aud then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee to Prohibiting whom the Bill for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade with Trade and Commerce with France, and for the Encourage- *runce> meat-of Privateers, was committed, That there were but few of the Committee that met; and that they conceived the Bill to be of very great and publick Concern, and the Matter thereof very difficult to be settled by them, there being thereby several Merchandizes, and other considerable Advantages, to be granted to the Subject; and therefore did not think fit to proceed thereupon; but ordered him to lay the Matter, with the Bill, before the House, for their further Direction therein.

Which the House taking into Consideration;

Resolved, That the select Committee be discharged:

And that the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Attorney General, according to the Order of the Ways and Day, reported irom the Committee of the whole House, Means, to whom it was referred to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against thd Resolutions agreed upon by the said Committee: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read; and are as follow eth;

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, a Charge of Five Pounds per Cent, be laid on the joint Stock of the East India Company.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, a Charge of Tw enty Shillings be laid on every Share in the African Company.

3. Resolved,

East India Trade.

/Supply Bill;

Impositions on Merchandizes.

Si 6

15* — -16® Febrmrii.

m

A. 1692.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee-,

That, towards the raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, a Charge of Five Pounds be laid on every Share in the Hudsons Bay Company.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised upon the Duties of Wine, Vinegar, and Tobacco, mentioned in an Act made in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the Continuance of several former Acts therein mentioned, for the laying several Duties upon Wine, Vinegar, and Tobacco: A fid that, in order thereunto, the said Duties be continued for Two Years longer than the same are already granted.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, the Sum of Five hundred and Ten thousand Pounds be raised, by granting to their Majesties the additional Duties upon Brandy, and other Merchandizes, agreed unto, by the House, for the Term of Four Years.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, there be a Review of the Act made in the Third and-Fourth Years of their Majesties Reign, for a quarterly Poll.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties (in case the Money, upon the Review of the quarterly Poll, shall not arise to the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds), there be a Clause of Credit, for making good that Sum.

The First Three of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving-out " Five hundred thousandand inserting " Three hundred thousand Pounds/’ instead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, towards the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds be raised upon the Duties of Wine, Vinegar, and Tobacco, mentioned in an Act made in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the Continuance of several former Acts therein mentioned, for the laying several Duties upon Wine, Vinegar, and Tobacco: And that, in order thereunto, the said Duties be continued for Two Years longer than the same are already granted.

The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally fead a Second time, were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, Sir rave, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Clarges, o prepare and bring in the same.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow at Twelve -a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments: Which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow, after the ingrossed Bill for continuing Part of the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom^ is read the Third time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Exporting ingnext, at Eleven a Clock, resol ve itself into a Committee Gold and of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to prevent the ver# Exportation of Gold and Silver, and melting down the Coin of this Realm.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 16* dieFebruarii;

S° Gulielmi et Marias*.

Prayers*

R. Clark reported from the Committee to whom Pitt’s Estate, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell Part of the Lands and Tenements of Mathew Pitt,..., and Robert Pitt, Gentleman, for Paying of Debts, and to settle the rest of their Lands upon the said Math, and Robert and the Wife of the said Robert and their Issue, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same, and the Petition of AgathaPitt, referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and had made an Amendment to the Bill: Which they had directed him to report to the House; and which, he read, in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth;

Press 19. L. 36. after " Administrator," add " and also to Agatha Pitt, Wife of Math. all her Right of Dower and Thirds, of, in, and to any the Lands,

Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments of him the said Math. Pitt."

Mr. Serjeant Blincoe reported from the Committee to Goodwyn’li whom the Bill to enable Tho. Goodwyn the younger to sell some Lands for the Payment of Debts, and make Provision for his Wife and Children, was' committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Time for reading and dispatching Private Bill*, private Bills be enlarged until Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Sir Robert Henoard presented to the House, Observa- Publick next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of tiens upon the Accompts delivered in by the Commis- Accompts. the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the pre- sioners for taking the publick Accompts. serving, regulating, and establishing the East India Trade. And the same were read.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners have a Copy Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, thereof, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the Bill for granting to their Majesties several Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, London additional Impositions upon Merchandizes. resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Orphan*.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen,

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee, und Common Council of the City of touching

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. the Orphans of the said City.

' Mr.

5 W. &M. *6° — 170 . 817

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Repdrt be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Rill for continuing Part of the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning, after the said Report.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

IntpoMtions w]10|e House, to whom the Bill for granting to their Ma-oh Aleruian- T ° .

dize. jcsties several additional Impositions upon Merchandize,

was committed, he made Tomorrow Morning, after the

Committee of the whole House hath sat to consider of

the Bill for examining, taking, and stating the publick

Accompts of the Kingdom.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

and Means. after j|ie saj(j Jieport is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to he granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Expiring Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom

Laws- the Bill for reviving and continuing several Laws expired, and near expiring, was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Trades, which all other their Majesties Subjects enjoy of any other Profession, by an Act made 13th and 14th Car. IP', intituled, An Act for preventing Abuses in printing seditious, treasonable, and unlicensed Books and Pamphlets, and for regulating Printing and Printing Presses; which Act was, 1 0 Jac.II. revived, and enacted to continue from the 24th June 1683, for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; which will expire at the End of this Session:

And that this I louse having, Three-and-twentieth December last, voted, That the said Act be continued, and praying, That they may be heard, as to such Part of the said Act as they conceive to be prejudicial to their Majesties Interest, as well as the Petitioners, before the Passing thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration, when the Report from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed shall be made.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir James Astrey;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Apprehend-for encouraging the Apprehending of Highwaymen, ing

... s, n. ero b J ’ waymen.

xvithout any Amendments:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for removing Royal Mine*. Doubts, and preventing Disputes, touching Royal Mines, and that their Majesties may have the Pre-emption, without any Amendments.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Malicious Act to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of Informations. King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court; with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

AlIkI then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Eight a Clock.

Seymour's

EsUte.

Leasing

Bangor

House.

Veneris, 17° die Februarii;

5® Gulielmi ct Marias.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Assurance of the Manor of Wood- lands, and Hundred of Knolton, unto Seymour,

Esquire, was road the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Humphrey Lord Bishop of Bangor to make a Lease of Bangor House, with the Appurtenances, in the Parish of St. Andrew's Holborne, London, for a competent Term of Years, in Order to the New-building, and improving the Relit thereof, for the Benefit of his Sue-' cessors, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Francis Boyle Lord Viscount Shannon in the Kingdom of Ireland, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir John Williams, of LCastle in the County of Monmouth, Baronet, to sell the Manor of Lacy,

Waterstonand Treschaillan, and other Lands, in the County of Hereford, and the Manor of and

other Lands, in the County of Monmouth, for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Regulating A Petition of the Booksellers, Printers, and Bookbinders,

Printing, &c. and other Dealers in the ancient Trade and Mystery of Printing, was read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, having been prevented from the free Exercise of their Vox. X,

Lord

Shannon’s

Estate.

Williams'

Estate.

Mr. Harcourt, according to the Order of the Day, re- London ported from the Committee of the whole House to w hom Orphans, was referred the Consideration of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of London, touching the Orphans of the said City, That they had considered the same, and also the Petition of the said Orphans, and the Petition of William Goodxcyn,

Henry Goodxcyn, Katherine Goodxcyn, and Audrey Beale,

the Consideration whereof was also referred to the said Committee; and that they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be, in the first place, charged on, and allowed out of the whole Revenues of the City of London, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds per Annum, to support the necessary Charge of the Government of the said City, and the Magistracy thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an equal Consideration shall be had of William 1

Goodwyn, Henry Gooduyn, Katherine Goodxcyn, and AudreBeale, upon their Petition, as of the Orphans of the City of London.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, over and above the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds per Annum, the whole Revenues of the City of

London, in Possession and Reversion, with all Improvements thereof, and other Contingencies in Lands, Disposition of Offices, or otherwise, be applied tow ards raising a Fund of perpetual Interest of Four Pounds per Cent. to satisfy the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising a Fund of perpetual Interest, for . satisfying the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London, there be yearly paid by every Alderman Five Pounds, by every Common Councilman Forty Shillings, and by every Liveryman Twenty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising a Fund of perpetutd Interest, for

9 X satisfying

818 170 — 18° Ftiruarii. 1602.

satisfying the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London, there be yearly paid, during their Lives, by all such who have or shall fine for Sheriff or Alderman, Five Pounds; and every one who has or shall fine for Common Council or Liveryman, the same respective Sums with such Persons who yearly serve in those Places.

Revolted, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the raising a further Fund of perpetual Interest, there be paid, by every Person to be bound an Apprentice in the City of London, Two Shillings and Six Pence; and, by every Person to be made free of the said City, Five Shillings, over and above what is now paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the raising a further Fund of perpetual Interest, there be yearly paid Four Pounds, by every unfree and foreign Merchant, trading beyond the Seas, from the said City, who do inhabit within the said City, or Ten Miles thereof.

The said several Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, one by one, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in according to the said Resolutions, and upon the Debate of the House.

And it is referred to Sir Seymour, Sir Tho.

Clarges, Sir Chr. MusgraveSir John Parsons, Mr.

court, and the Members for the City of London, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the said Bill.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir William Drake have Leav^ to go Absence. into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Brockman have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Woolen Ma- An ingrossed Bill for continuing Part of the Act, nubciures. made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging die Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, That, during the Continuance of the Act, the like Tolls shall be paid by all Persons trading to Hamborough, as are paid by the Members of the Company, for

Goods, not exceeding Five Shillings for One hundred Pounds Value; which shall be applied towards paying the said Company’s Debts.

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That it be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

} 88.

Tellers for the Noes,{^.^ } 55-

So it passed in the Negative.

Commi*- Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, wontrs of resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Aecompts. consider of the Bill for the examining, taking and stating, the publick Accompts of this Kingdom.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

- Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House pleased to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the on Merchan 'v ^e Douse, to whom the Bill for granting to their Ma-diU. *rC 1Jn" jesties several additional Impositions upon Merchandize,

' 19

was committed, be made Td-morfow Morning at Eleveu a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, after the said Report, Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Expiring whom the Bill for reviving and continuing several Laws Laws, expired, and near expiring,.....be made upon Mon-

day Morning next.

A Petition of the Company for Making and Resin- Importing ing of Saltpetre was read; setting forth, that the Petition- Saltpetre, ers, being thereto encouraged by their Majesties, have, at their great Charge, built Works for making Saltpetre in this Kingdom, by Methods never yet practised by any of their Majesties Subjects: That the Petitioners have actually engaged to deliver to their Majesties Two hundred Tons of refined Saltpetre this Year, at Seventy Pounds per Ton, and One thousand Tons Annum, for ever after, at the same Price; provided their Majesties cannot buy it cheaper of others; in which Case the Petitioners are to sell at the current Market Price: Xnd they have obliged themselves voluntarily to give One thousand Pounds per Annum, out of their Profits, towards the Maintainence of aged, maimed, and decayed Seamen;

That there is a Bill depending in this House for importing Saltpetre, notwithstanding the Act of Navigation;, which will only tend to the Advantage of some private Persons, who have engrossed Saltpetre in Holland; which will cause great Sums of Money to be carried out of the Nation; and will discourage the Petitioners in establishing the said Manufacture in this Kingdom: And praying to be heard what they have to offer against the Passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that Mr. Palmes, and Sir Walt. Young, be added to the said Committee: And that the said Committee do sit this Afternoon, at the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committer*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbat i, 18" die F; 5* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tower*' for vesting the Manors of otherwise’ Lwate.

Thonoclc, otherwise Low Thonock, Hinton, otherwise Hengton, and other Lands in the County of Lincolne,

Isle of Elye, and Counties of Cambridge and in Trustees, for Payment of the Debts of Tho. Towers,

Esquire, and making Provision for his Wife and Daughter, wras read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bromhali’s. for the Sale of such Interest as Thomas Brornhall, an Debt*. Infant, hath in the Office of the Warden of the Fleet, and in Thirteen Houses adjoining, and in an Office of the Custody and Keeping of the Palace of Westminster, for the more effectual Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Atwood'# to enable Abell Atwood to sell some Lands, to pay Debts, Estal*-and making Provision for younger Children, was read the Second time.

Resolved,

Preserving

Game.

Leave of Absence.

I Publick Accompts.

Supply Bill Impositions on Merchandize*

5 W. & M. i8°- — 20'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Chr. Greenfield, Sir JTredenham, Sir Robert Cotton, Colonel Perrey, Mr. H Lord Mr. Colt, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Air.

Bromley, Mr. Golduell, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Christy, Mr. Harley, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Travers, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. White, Mr. Foley, Mr. Slater, Mr. Haxvtry, Mr. Colemer, Mr.

Mr. Norryes, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Bicker-staff', Sir. John Bolles, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Foley junior, and all the Alernbers for the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester: And they are to meet at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of Ihnry Attxvood, formerly presented to the House, be

referred to the Committee to whom the said BilL is committed.

Air. Golduell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Preservation of the G aine against Poachers, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir William Morley have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

A Alotion being made, and the Question being put, That Sir Gilbert Clark have Leave to go into into the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the }ll3.

Tellers for the Nocs.j^; £"1"’ 72.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

Sir Thomas Clarges presented to the House, from the Commissioners for taking the publick Accompts, their Answ er to the Observations upon the Accompts delivered in by the said Commissioners.

Air. Attorney General, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to their Majesties several additional Impositions upon Merchandize, was committed, the Amendments made, by the said Committee, to the said Bill: The which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And some other Amendments were made by the House.

- Then a Proviso was offered to be added to the Bill, with a Blank for the Time, That no Lustrings or Ala-modes shall be imported without Notice to the Commissioners or Farmers of the Customs.

And the same was twice read; and the Blank filled up by the House; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be added to the Bill, For Drawbacks to be made upon Certificates.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all Duties charged by the Act on Amber Beads, Amber-rough, Coral, and all Cowries, shall, be repaid to the Merchant exporting the same, within Three Years after Importation thereof.

Vol-.X.

Febfuarii. 819

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, touching Excisemen.

And the same was read the First time, and withdraw n.

Ordered, That Sir Walth.Young, Sir Fr.

Air. Clarke, Mr. Smith, do immediately withdraw into the Speaker’s Chamber; and prepare a proper Clause; and present the same to the House.

Then a Clause of Appropriation was offered to be added to the Bill.

And the same was read the First time.

Ordered, That a Clause of Loan and Appropriation be prepared, and brought in: And that Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. Finch, Mr. Attorney General, Lord Falkland, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, do prepare and bring in the same.

Mr. Clark reports, That the Alernbers appointed to withdraw, and prepare a Clause touching Excisemen, had prepared a Clause accordingly; which they had directed him to present to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and then he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all the Commissioners and Custom-house Officers shall take their Oaths for their faithful Execution of their several Trusts; and that they will not take any other Reward than their lawful Fees.

And the same was twice read; and, with some Amendments made by the House, was agreed unto, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the said Bill be adjourned till Monday Alorning next, Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Alorning next, at Eleven a Clock, take into Consideration the State of the Kingdom of Ireland.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Alorning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 20* die Februarii;

5* Gulliehni et AIarias.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable Thomas Goodwyn the younger to sell Lands for the Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Thomas Goodwyn the younger to sell Lands for the Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children.

Ordered, That Air. Serjeant Blincoe do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for selling the Estate of William Stevens, late of Greenwich in Kent, M as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Messuage and Lands in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts of Abraham deceased,

was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Meredith;

Air.

State of Ireland.

Committees.

Goodwyns*

Estate.

Stevens

Estate.

Hinde s Estate.

8ao

0° Februarli.

A. 1692.

Butter and

Cheese

Trade.

Seymour's

L*tate.

Expiring

Laws,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses committed by the Traders in Butter and Cheese; with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Assurance of the Manor of and

Hundred of Knolton, unto Eduard Seymour, Esquire, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Bourch.. Wray, Mr. Gxvyn, Mr. Mr.

Arnold, Colonel Perry, Colonel Roll, Mr. Mr.

Biddulph, Mr. Waller, Mr. E Mr. Clarke, Mr. Tre-

lawney, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Cotton Mr. Sir

Sam. Bernadiston, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Dyot,

Mr. Sundjord, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hedger, Colonel Trelaw-j hey, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Osborne, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon, Dorset, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Attorney General, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for reviving, continuing, and explaining several Laws expired, and near expiring, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and several of them were severally read a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then Amendment, Folio # Line touching Plymouth and Bridgwater, being Ports for Wool to be transported to, from Ireland, being read a Second time; s

The Amendment was divided.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, as touching Plymouth',

The House divided.

The Noes go forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

/Sir Walter Young,

81.

},.o.

Supply Bill; Impositions on Merchandize.

' ^Mr. Foley junior:

Tellers for the Noes JSir Jo‘

i ciici b uie

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, as to Bridgwater;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendment, Folio Line *, relating to the reviving the Act for regulating the Press, and Printing, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

rp 11 r .1 \r ' fMl.

Tellers for the Yeas,^jr

Tellers for the Noes. *r Bamdistm< )

[Mr. Bowyer: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Amendments, being read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Then the House resumed the Consideration of the Bill for granting to their Majesties several additional Impositions upon Merchandize.

And Mr. Attorney General reported, That the Members, appointed by the House, had prepared Clauses of

99-

80.

Loan and Appropriation, according to Order': Which he presented to the House.

The Clause of Loan was twice read:

And a Blank being therein for the Sum to be borrowed,

and Interest for it;

Resolved, That the First Blank be filled up with Five hundred and Ten thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That the Second Blank be filled up with Eight Pounds.

And they were filled up accordingly.

Resolved, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill.

'Then the Clause of Appropriation was twice read:

And a Blank being therein for the Sum to be appropriated;

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with One Million Two hundred Twenty-six thousand Five hundred Sixteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings.'

Resolved, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill.

Then a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That no Collector or Officer of the Customs shall in anywise endeavour to persuade any Elector to give, or dissuade him from giving his Vote for any Ferson to serve in Parliament, under the like Penalties to be inflicted on the Excisemen in like Cases.

And the Question being put, That the same be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That it shall not extend to foreign Stores sold to the Use of their . Majesties, by Contract with the Navy Board, before the First of January 1692, upon Certificate from the Commissioners of the Navy, and the Oath of the Importer of such, foreign Stoics,' of the Truth of the said Contract; and that he will deliver the same to their Majesties Stores, pursuant thereto.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Eill,

That all Vessels taking in Loading for London in any*

Port w ithin the Counties of Essex or of the Grow th -of those Counties, shall be suffered to pass, by Transire, to and from London, so as the same are not charged with any Custom; for which the Master shall pay , as is customary for Transire.

And the same was twice read:

And there being a Blank therein;

A Motion was made, and the Question was put, That the Blank be filled up with Six-pence;

It passed in the Negative.

And so nothing more was done thereon.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo

ingrossed.

Colonel Granville, according to the Order of the Day, Commis-reported from the Committee of the whole House, to sioners of wdiom the Bill for examining, taking, and stating the pub- AccomPtt* lick Accompts of the Kingdom, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Harcourt, according to Order, presented to the London House a Bill for satisfying the Debts due to the Orphans Orphans. of the City of London. And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Resoloed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning p ..... . after the said Bill is read, resolve itself into a Com- Trade wuu mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for France,

continuing

Shipwrights

Petition.

Committees.

Leasing Bangor Hou3e.

Williams*

.Estate.

Hamel don Manors.

5 W. fi? M. 20° — 11° Februarii: 821

continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Com- are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the merce with France, and for the Encouraging of Privateers. Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Company of Shipwrights of was presented to the House, and read.

And the same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered That all Committees be-adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Men tis,21* die Februarii; 5° Gulielmi et Alariaeu

Prayers.

Sir Math. Andrews reported from the Committee to Greenland

whom the Bill for the regaining, encouraging, and set- Trade, tling the Greenland Trade was committed: That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Lloyd have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, for his Health. Absence.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ordered, That Mr. Ambrose have Leave to

to enable Humphry Lord Bishop of Bangor to go into the Country for Three WTeeks, for his Health, make a Lease of Bangor House, with the Appurtenances,

in the Parish of St. Andreics, Holbome, London, for a An ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia of this King- Militia, competent Term of Years, in order to the New-building, dom, for the Year 1693, although the Month’s Pay, for-and improving the Bent thereof, for the Benefit of his merly advanced, be not repaid, was read the Third time.

Successors, was read the Second time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Christie, be, An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for Mr. Arnold, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Mansell, Sir Robert the Year 1693, although the Month’s Pay, formerly Cotton, Lord Bulkley, Mr. Lutlcrell, Mr. Price, Mr. advanced, be not repaid.

England, Mr. Speak:e, Mr. Hatvtry, Mr. Fern. vick, Ordered, That Sir Joint Guise do carry the Bill to the

Mr. Foley, Sir Jcrv. Elites, Mr. Bren er, Mr. Ser- Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto, jeant /Logan, Sir Math. Andrcif.es, Mr. Biddulph, Sir

Jos. Trcdenham, Mr. Goldicell, Mr. Trelawney, Colonel A Petition of A Esquire, and Thomas Bromhall’s

Roll, Sir JVm. Honeyicood, Mr. Lasselts, Mr. Dolben, Nonfoo Executors of Henry Norwood, Esquire, de- Debt*

Mr. Hedger, Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. ceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting C/iadmck, Mr. Blvufeld, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Rebow, Air. forth, That there being a Bill now in this House de-Chetnyn, and all the Members that serve for the Princi- pending, which hath passed the House of Lords, for pality of /Vales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, Sale of the Office of the Fleet, and the Mansion-house, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. and several other Houses thereunto belonging, and the

Office of keeping the Palaces at Westminster, and all An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Shops and Stalls, as well within as without JVcst-to enable Sir John Williams, of Langibby in the County minster; which, if it Should pass, as now worded, would of Monmouth, Baronet, to sell the Manor of Ewyas, Lacy, be of great' Prejudice to the Petitioners, they having a IV atcrstofie, and Trescallan, and other Lands in the Debt of Two thousand Pounds, payable out of the Pre-County of Hereford, and the Manors of Carwent, and niises; and praying to be heard before the said Bill do other Lands in the County of Monmouth, for Payment pass this House.

of Debts, was read the Second time. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Arnold, until the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Hunger- for the Sale of such Interest as Thomas an In-

jord, Mr. Speke, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Henley, Air. fant, hath, in the Office of the Warden of the Fleet, and Biddulph, Sir IVm. Bassett, Mr. Cook, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Thirteen Houses adjoining, and in an Office of the Cus-S/ater, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Mr. England, Mr. Jeffryes, tody and Keeping of the Palace at Westminster, for the Air. Shaker ley, Mr . B rarer, Sir Math. Andrewes, Air. more effectual Payment of Debts, be read a Second time.

Manaton, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Fran. Massam, Air.

Bockcnharn, Lord Bellamont, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Foley, A Bill for satisfying the Debts due to the Orphans of London and all the Alembers that serve for the Principality of foe City of London was, according to the Order of the Orphans. Wales, and for the Counties of Hereford and Monmouth: Day, read the First time.

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon the Speaker’s Chamber. Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act A Debate arising in the House concerning the Pre- East India for settling and confirming the Manors and Lands in servation of the East India Trade; Trade.

Hameldon in the County of Rutland, as they are now Resolved, That the said Debate be adjourned until enjoyed, and have been for divers Years last past, pur- Friday Alorning next, at Eleven a Clock, suant to an Agreement for Inclosing and Exchanging of

Lands there, was read the Second time. Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Prohibiting

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Biddulph, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Trade with Air. Lutterell, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Sheryard, Mr. consider of the Bill for continuing foe Acts for prohibit- l rance> Bridges, Mr. Ilawtry, Colonel Perry, Mr. Christy, Sir ing all Trade and Commerce with France, and for the John Dorrell, Mr. Foley, Sir Wm. Honywood, Mr. Hun- Encouragement of Privateers. gerford, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Ryder, Sir Robert Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Cotton, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Price, Sir Air. Attorney General took the Chair of the Com-

Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Femvick, Sir Fran. Massam, Air. mittee.

Henley, Mr. SerjeantWogan, Mr. Hedger, SerjeantBlincoe, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Speke, Mr. Blowfield, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Com-Air. IValler, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bockenham, Mr. England, mittee, That they had made a considerable Progress in

Air. Thornhaugh, and all the Alembers that serve for the foe Bill; and that «they had directed him to move. That Counties of Lincolne, Leicester, and Rutland: And they they might have Leave to sit again,

Vo l. X . 9 Y Resolved,

Ways and Means.

Committees.

Walthall's

Estate.

Lord Shannon's Estate.

Towers'

Estate.

Butter and

Cheese

Trade.

&22 z i0 — 22° Febmarit. A: 169a.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next (after the adjourned Debate touching the East India Trade is over) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 22° die Februarii; 5* Gulielmi etMariae.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Rich. Walthall, Esquire, to sell Lands for the Payment of Portions and Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the * Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir John Manwa'ring do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Francis Boyle Lord Viscount Shannon, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord bury, Mr. Banks, Mr. GoldicellSir Jerv. Mr.

Biddulph, Mr. Hen.Boyle, Sir Wm. Langham, Sir Andrexces, Colonel Titus, Mr. Mr.

Lord Cognisby, Sir John Banks, Sir Dorr ell, Sft

Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Hini-gerford, Mr. Cook, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Femcick, Mr. Waller, Mr. Christy, Sir Barker, Sir John Key, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Freeman, Sir Wm. Iwmon, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Travers, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Slater, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Hutchins, Lord Digby: And they are to meet at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Barcrotherwise Law nock, Hinton, otherwise Hengton, and other Lands in the County of Lincolne, Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cam-

bridge and Norfolke, in Trustees, for Payment of the Debts of Thomas Towers, Esquire, and of making Provision* for his Wife and Daughter, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Christy, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Waller, Sir Wm. Lemon, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Slater, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Stokes, Sir Chr. grave, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Fran. Molyneux, Sir Jcrv. Elzves, Mr. Windham, Air.

White, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Freeman, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Wm. Cooper, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Brewer, Colonel Deane, Mr. Taylor, Alajor Bcalce, and all the Alembers that serve for the Counties of Bedford, Huntington, and Suffolke:And th<?y are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Then the Amendment made by the Lords to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses committed by the Traders in Butter and Cheese, was twice read; and agreed unto by the House? and is as followeth; viz.

At the End of the Bill add, " Provided always, That if any Person or Persons shall think him or themselves aggrieved by the Determination of any Justice of the Peace, who shall, at any time, act in pursuance of the Powers to him given by this Act, it shall be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held for the County, Riding, City, or Town Corporate, where the said Offence shall be committed; the Determination of which Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; the Person, so appealing, first giving to the Party accused a Bond of the Penalty of Twenty Pounds; with one or more sufficient Sureties, to the Liking of the said Justice from whom the said Appeal shall be made, to pay such Costs to the Party accused, as the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall allow, in case the Appellant be not relieved upon his Appeal; the said Costs to be so paid within One Month alter the hearing and determining the said Appeal."

Ordered, That Air. Goldwell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

r

Then the Amendment made by the Lords to the Malkinas ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent, malicious Informations. Informations in the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court, was read.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to the said Amendments.

And it is referred to Mr. Serjeant Trenchard, Mr. wick, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Bouyer, Mr. Harly, Mr.

Christy, Mr. Wuller, Sir Chr. MusMr. Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Lloyd, Mr Foley, Mr.

Goldwell, Mr. Smith: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Hair Buttons, all foreign Hair Buttons, and all other Foreign Buttons, was read the Third time.

And an ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That

And the Question being put, That the Clause be received;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeos,{j[[j;

Tellers for the Noes, { ^JXpa're

So it passed the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for prohibiting the Importation of all foreign Hair Buttons.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

rey:

| 60.

Ordered, That Sir John Fagg have Leave to go into the j eave of Country for a Fortnight, his Brother being very ill. Absence.

An ingrossed Bill for examining, taking, and stating Commis-the publick Accompts of this Kingdom, was read the sioners of Third time. Accompts,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for examining, taking, and stating the publick Accompts of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Colonel Granville do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Observations upon the Accompts, delivered in by the Commissioners for taking the publick Accompts, and also the Answer thereunto, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock,

An

5 W. & M. 22' — 23'

punishing . An ingrossed Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers Mutiny and who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, and Desertion. for punishing false Musters, and for Payment of Quarters,

was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in Press 12, L. , after " Cloaths," to insert " Arms."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House> and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Then Mr. Herbert reported from the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare and bring in a Clause Upon the Debate of the House, That they had prepared a Clause accordingly, for making up and settling an Accompt of all Monies due, according to the Muster Rolls, to every Regiment in their Majesties Service, between the Paymaster General of the Army, and Colonel of every such Regiment, or his Agent authorised to receive the Pay thereof, from the First of March 1692 to the last of 1693; and so successively, when Four Months become due, an Account shall be stated for the Two preceding Months, and registered in a Book to be kept in the Pay Office for that Purpose; which shall be subscribed by such Paymaster General and Colonel, or Agent, who made up the Account, and a Duplicate thereof given to the Colonel; who shall deliver to each Captain an Account of so much as appertains to him and his Company, or Troop; and the Balance of every such Accompt shall be paid by the Paymaster, when their Majesties shall direct; and to forfeit One hundred Pounds for every Offence committed by the Paymaster or Colonel: And he’ read the same in his Place; and delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table, ingrossed: Where the same was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That no Warrant, to take off the Respites from any Muster Roll, shall be allowed by any Paymaster, unless the same be countersigned by the Commissioners of the Treasury.

And the same was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House,- to be made Part of the Bill. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters.

Ordered, That the Lord Colchester do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill-,/ Mr. Attorney General, according to Order, presented Toll Tax* to the House a Bill for the Review.of the quarterly Poll. And the same was received.

State of Then the House, according to the Order of the Day,

Ireland. proceeded to take into Consideration the State of the Kingdom of Ireland.

And the House being informed, that several Persons were at the Door, that could give Informations of several Matters touching the same; viz. Sir Fran. Brewster, Sir Wm. Gore, Sir John Magill, Lieutenant Stafford, Mr.

Slomie, and Mr. Kerne;

They were ordered to be called in; and were called in accordingly; and, at the Bar, gave their several Informations to the House; and then withdrew.

And being called in again, Mr, Speaker, by Order of the House, acquainted them, That the House had directed that they do severally put into Writing what they have severally said to this House, touching the State of the Kingdom of Ireland; and what they can say more of their own Knowledge, or jan make Proof of by others: And that they do severally sign the same; and present the same to this House upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Morning next, F.leven a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Culliford, *a Member of this House, do attend his Service in this House upon Friday Morning next: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give him Notice of this Order.

Vo 1- X.

Februafii.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jervis, 23* die Februarii;

5° Gulielmi e/ Marias;

Praters.

PETITION of the Officers, Innkeepers, arid Army Debt. Clothiers, that served in, quartered, and clqathed, the Army raised in 16.77, arid disbanded in 1679, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners did, in the former and this present Parliament, present their Petition to the House: Who referred the Consideration thereof to a Committee; who were to examine and state the Petitioners Debts, and consider of Ways for Payment thereof: Which they did; and received divefs Proposals from the Petitioners for that Purpose; which would, in a Short time, have paid them: But the same hath been made use of towards raising the Supplies already granted to their Majesties: And Reports were accordingly made: And, upon the last of the Reports, Twenty-fifth November 1690, a Motion was made, for a Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Satisfaction of the Petitioners Debts: Andrthe House then resolved to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider* of that Motion: That no Provision has yet been made for the Petitioners Satisfaction; for want whereof, many of them ate in Gaols, and others reduced to great Extremities: And praying the Consideration of the House; and that they may have Leave to offer other Proposals, for the Purposes aforesaid; and to bring in a Bill accordingly; or have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bromball’i for the Sale of such Interest as Thomas an In- Debt*,

fant, hath in the Office of the Warden of the Fleet, and in Thirteen Houses adjoining, and in an Office of the Custody and Keeping of the Palace at Westminster, for the more effectual Payment of Debts, was read‘the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Waller,

Mr Fenwick, Colonel Deane, Sir F Sir Wm. Honyzvood, Sir John Parsons, Lord Combury, Mr. Price,

Mr. Christy, Mr. Brewer, Mr. England, Mr. Hopkins, Mr,

Dolben, Mr. Trye, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Tho.

Mr. How, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Bade, Mr.

Nicholas, Mr Cook, Mr. Hungerford, Lord Brandon, Sir

Cha. Raleigh, Sir Jona.Joinings, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Dyot,

Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Herbert, Sir Geo. Willoughby, Mr. Gold* well, Mr Stokes, Sir John Dorrell, Sir Basset, Sir

Robert Cotton, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Bickerstajje, Sir Wm. Stevens, Sir TMackxcbrth, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Harcdurt, Colonel Kirby: Arid they are

to meet this. Afternoon, at Four of the Clock in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of William Norwood, Esquire, and Tho. Norwood, Esquire, formerly presented to the House, relating to the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee.

Also a Petition of Colonel Leighton was presented to tho House, and read; setting forth, That there being a Bill in this House, for Sale of the Office of Warden of the Fleet, and Houses belonging to it, to which the Petitioner, in Right of their Majesties, hath a just Title, and praying to be heard, before the said Bill do pass, as to their Majesties, and the Petitioner’s said just Right.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Also a Petition of several Prisoners, in the Prison of the Fleet', was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there being a Bill now depending before this House, for Sale of the House, and Office of Warden, of the1 Fleet, arid praying to be heard, arid relieved, as to

their

Hinde’t

Eit&t*.

Stephens’

Estate.

Pardons for Felony.

Preserving

Game.

824 I30 — 24° Februarii. A. 1692.

their Grievances, and the Exactions of Officers, before fying the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London Loadoa the Passing of the said Bill. be now read. OFph*a*»

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition And it was read, be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is Then, according to the Order of the Day, the Bill for committed. satisfying the Debts due to the Orphans Of the City of

Londonwas read the Second time. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate, for the vesting a Messuage and Lands in Trustees, to be to a Committee of the whole Hous'e. sold for Payment of the Debts of Abraham Hinde, de- Resolved^ That this House will, upon Monday Morning ceased, was read the Second time. next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Cooper, Mr. Rcbow, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Horv, Mr. England, Sir John Bol/es, Sir IVm. Lemon, Mr. Lulterell, Mr. A Motion being made, That the Customs of Tonage Tonage and

Stokes, Mr Boyle, Mr. Price, Sir Jos.Trcdetiham, Mr. Fen- and Poundage Should be continued for sometime longer, *>0UU<,aS*

wick, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Beare, Colonel Titus, Mr. Dyot, in order to make good the Supply to be granted to their Mr. Hedger, Mr. Colt, Mr. Sand ford, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Majesties, for the carrying on a vigorous War against

Arnold, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Christy, Mr. De- France;

vercicr, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Waller, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. And the Question being put, That this House do re-

Clarke, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Henley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Speke, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Rudge, sider of the said Motion;

Mr. Hunt, Mr. Travers: And they are to meet this After- It passed in the Negative, noon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for selling the Estate of William Stephens, late of Greenwich in Kent, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. England, Sir PeterColliton, Mr. Waller, Mr. How, ML

Mr. Cooke, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Dyot, Lord Bellamont, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Fuller, Lord Digby, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Christy, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Mr.

Fenwick, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Lulterell, Lord Bulkley, Mr. Price, Sir Edw. Wyndham, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Bulkley, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Campion, Mr. Ph. Foley, Mr. Brewer: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to their Majesties several Supply Bill; additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchan- lmP°slll«n*

! *| rpi h on Merchandizes, was read the lhird time. d;ze<

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the said Bill

be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Coarauttee*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 24* die

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Meredith',

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal the Statute made in the Tenth Year of King Edward the Third; for the Finding of Sureties for the good Abear-ing of him that hath a Pardon of Felony: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

An ingrossed Bill for Preservation of the Game against Poachers, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That if any inferior Tradesman, Apprentice, or other Person, shall hunt, hawk, fish, or fowl, unless in Company with the Master of such Apprentice, duly qualified by Law, they shall be subject to the Penalties of the Act.

And the same was Thrice* read; and amended by the House; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That any Protestant may keep a Musquet in his House, notwith-stand this or any other Act.

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the same be read the Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for theYeW:{|;^tC»"-’"- } 65.

TeHersforth },<*.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy Discovery and Conviction of such as shall destroy the Game of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Lord Digby do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That the Order for reading the Bill for satis-

5* Gulielmi et Marite.

PkAYEHS.

MR. Waller reported from the Committee to whom Tower*’ the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act for vesting the -Manor of Barcrofts, otherwise Low Thonock, Hinton, otherwise Hengton, and other Lands in the County of Lincolne, Isle of Ely, and the Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, in Trustees, for Payment of the Debts of Thomas Towers, Esquire, and making Provision for his Wife and Daughter, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Lutlerell reported from the Committee to whom Leasing the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Jia,1g01' enable Humphry Lord Bishop of Bangor to make a Lease House" of Bangor House, with the Appurtenances, in the Parish of St.Andrezvs, Holborne, London, for a competent Term

of Years, in order to the New-building, and Improving the Relit thereof, for the Benefit of his Successors, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Travers reported from the Committee to whom Price’* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Ettate. enable Roger Price, Esquire, to sell some Part of his Estate, for Payment of Portions to the Daughters of Price, Esquire, deceased, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and also the Petition of Mary Price, Sidney Price, and Anne Price (the Consideration whereof was referred to tfiem); and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: AVhere the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are gs followeth;

Press

5 W. M. 24° Februarii. 825

Press 2. L. 15, after " Maintenance," insert " and also all reasonable Charges and Expenceslaid out for and about the Execution of the said Trust/’

L. 18, after the first " Price" leave out " that;" and> instead thereof, insert " and."

Pr. 5. L. 22. Leave out " is now."

L. 32, after " Wife," add " which said Term of a Hundred Years, and Trust, is now vested in Simon Lloyd, of Vachdiling in the County of Merioneth, Esquire, Meredith Lloyd, of Ragat in the said County, Gentleman, and Sidney Buynner, of Masemockmnt in the County of

Denbigh, Gentleman, by the Assignment of the said Owen

L.35, after " that," leave put " and."

Press 6. L. 16, after "Price," leave out " and John Price deceased, or either of them."

L. 28, after the Second " them," insert " there* unto."

L. 34, after " Baronet," leave out " Robert Bulkley, of Old Place in the County of Anglesey, Esquire, and Tho. Bulkley the younger, of Old Place aforesaid, Esquire;" and, instead thereof, insert " William Williams of Llan-vorda in the County of Salop, Esquire, Price of Vaynor in the County of Esquire, Robert

Wynn, of Garthmiling in the said County of Denbigh,

Clerk."

Press 7th, L. 2, after " Williams," leave out " Robert Bulkley, Thomas Bulkley; " and, instead thereof, insert " William Williams, Price Devereux, Robert Wynn"

L- J5th, after "Sale," add "and also all the reasonable Costs and Charges of the said Simon Lloyd, Meredith Lloyd, and Sidney Buymier, the Assignees of the said Owen Thelwall, in and about the Execution of the said Trust, and passing this Act"

L. 22, after " Sale," add " and other the Payments aforesaid."

L. 30, after "that," add "until such Payments, or Satisfaction, made of the said Five thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be due to the Daughters of the said John Price, at the time of such Sale; and also of the said Twenty Pounds a Year, to each of them, allotted for their Maintenance, until the time of such Sale and Payment, and the reasonable Charges and Disbursements, of the said Simon Lloyd, Meredith and Sidney Buynner,

the Assignees of the said Oxoen Thelwall, in the Execution of the said Trust, and Passing of this Act."

L. 33, after " Hereditaments," leave out " the Profits Jthereof, received by the said Simon Lloyd, Meredith Lloyd, and Sidney Buynner, Assignees of the said Owen Thelwalland instead thereof, insert "in the said Counties of Denbigh and Flint, hereby vested in the said Trustees to be Sold, shall be and remain in, and the Profits thereof received by the said Simon Lloyd, Meredith Lloyd, and Sidney Buynner."

L. 40, after " Williams" leave out " Robert Bulkley, Thomas Bulkleyand insert " William Williams, Price Devereux, Robert Wynn, and Cadwallader Wynn."

Press 8. L. 3, after " Premises," insert "in the said - Counties of Denbigh and Flint"

L. 10, after " Years," insert " in the Premises, in the said Counties of Denbigh and Flint only."

L. 14, after " Williams," leave out " Robert Bulkley, and Tho. Bulkley," and, instead thereof, insert " Williams, Price Devereux, Robert Wynn, and Cadwallader

Wynn."

L. 32, after " Premises," add " as is."

Sevmom's Mr. Arnold reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the in grossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Assurance of the Manor of Woodlands, and Hundred oi Knot ton, unto Edward Seymour, Esquire, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Bill was read the Third time.

Vo i.. X.

Resolved, That the Bin do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Colonel Glanville do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the Committee to Making whom the Bill for making Sea Water fresh, clear, and Water wholesome, was committed, That they had Considered the fresl,‘ same, and the Petition of Robert Fitz Gerrald, Esquire, and others (the Consideration whereof was referred to them); and had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House t And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there* upon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Anthony Smith of Redrijfe, Mariner, was Bromhall* read; setting forth, That, in 1677, Thomas Bromhall bor- Debt* rowed Five hundred Pounds of the Petitioner 5 and, for his Security, mortgaged some Lands, which he held of the Mayor and Burgesses of Shrewsbury, at Forty Pounds per Annum Relit, and the Lease of a small House in London, the Equity of Redemption whereof the Petitioner afterwards purchased for a further Sum; and was put into Possession thereof: That, Two Years after, the said Lands were Extended, upon a Recognizance of One thousand Six hundred Pounds, entered into by Bromhall about Thirteen Years before; and the Petitioner was forced to pay Four hundred and Twenty-five Pounds on that Extent 5 Upon which, the said Recognizance was, by Order of Chancery, assigned to the Petitioner: That the said Bromhall was, at his Death, seised of the Office of Warden of the Fleets with its Appurtenances; which were affected by the said Recognizance, but were mortgaged to Hen. Norwood,

Esquire: That, in 1685, the Petitioner exhibited his Bill in Equity against Norwood, and others, to have his said Four hundred and Twenty-five Pounds, and Interest, paid out of the said Office; and obtained a Decree to redeem Norwood, and then to be paid all his Demands, out of the said Office: That the Petitioner is informed, an ingrossed Bill from the Lords is now before this House, for selling the said Office, which will, as advised, absolutely exclude the Petitioner from the Benefit of the said Decree and Recognizance; which will be to his Prejudice near One thousand Pounds: And praying, That he may not be excluded; and, That he may be heard, before the said Bill do pass this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of such Interest as Thomas Bromhall, an Infant, hath in the Office of the Warden of the Fleet, and in Thirteen Houses adjoining, and in an Office of the Custody and Keeping of the Palace of Westminster, for the more effectual Payment of Debts, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for the regaining, encouraging, and Greenland settling the Greenland Trade, was read the Third time: Trade. And,

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That nothing in the Act shall extend to the Merchants or Traders in the City of York, or Town of Kingston upon Hull.

And the Question being put, That the same be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negqfive.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the regaining, encouraging, and settling the Greenland Trade.

Ordered, That Sir Math. Andrews do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

9 Z Ordered,

8 i

240 Februarii.

A. 1692,

'Newark Ordered, That the Hearing of the Matter touching the

Election. Election for the Borough of in the County of

Nottingham, which was appointed to be heard before the Committee of Elections and Privileges the Third of March next, be put off till Friday the last Day of March next.

Supply Bill; A Bill for the Review of the Bill for the quarterly Poll, Poll Tax. was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

Bishop of A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir London’s Jfam Otleu;

tat*' Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for exchanging several small Parcels of Land in the Parish and Manor of Fulham, belonging to the Bishoprick of London, and Part of the Bishoprick of London, for other Lands of the like Value, to Charles Earl of Monmouth, and his Heirs: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Exporting Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-Gold and ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com-

Sllver’ mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for

preventing the Exportation of Gold and Silver, and melting down the Coin of this Realm.

East India Resolved, That the Debate concerning the East India Trade. Trade be further adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Supply Bill; Then the House proceeded to consider further of the Impositions ingrossed Bill for granting to their Majesties several ad-d!se',erClian" ^itional Impositions upon Merchandize: And several lze‘ Amendments were severally proposed to be made in the

Bill; viz.

JPress 14. L. 4, to leave out "Prussia;" and insert " Russia," instead thereof.

Press 16. L: 18, after " House," to insert " upon this Act."

Line the last but One, to insert " from and after the First Day of March next."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

An ingrossed Clause w as offered, as a Rider, That the Commissioners for the Customs, and all Officers and Servants thereto belonging, shall take their respective Oaths for the faithful Execution of their several Employments, with a Blank as to the Time.

And the same was twice read; and the Blank filled up by the House with " Nineteenth Day of next."

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandizes, for the prosecuting the present War with France.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

State of Then the House resumed the adjourned Debate touch-

Ireland. ing the State of the Kingdom of Ireland.

And the House being informed, That Sir Francis Brewster, Sir Wm. Gore, Sir John Lieutenant

Stafford, Mr. Sloane, and Mr. Kerne again attended;

They were called in; arid, at the Bar, gave in their several Papers signed by them:

And then withdrew.

Then the Order, for Mr. attending his

Service of the House was read.

And the Serjeant gave an Account, That he had endeavoured to give Mr. Notice thereof; and,

particularly, been at the House where he used to lodge:

And that he was there informed (as well as by others), that he went into Ireland in September last; and that they had not heal’d that he was come over since.

The said Papers were read; and are as followeth;

viz.

A particular Account of what Sir Francis Brewster knows, in relation to the State of Ireland, and hath heard.

THAT, after his Majesty’s Victory at the Boyne, greatest Part of Lynster was found in a good Condition; Abundance of Com and Cattle, and great Stores, left by the late King James; and shch considerable- Forfeitures of Goods secured, that it was supposed, with a small Supply from England, the Army might be supported for a Year 1 And yet the Mismanagement this Year was so great, that, notwithstanding the great Supplies granted by the Parliament of England, for the carrying on the War in Ireland, the Army there, for want of Pay, lived at Discretion upon the Country; whereby the Country was destroyed more in one Winter, than it had been by King Janies's Army.

That the Revenue and Forfeitures in Ireland were mismanaged, appeared more fully before the Parliament of Ireland; viz.

The forfeited Goods of the first Year w'ere valued, by the first Commissioners that had the Management of them, to be worth One hundred Thirty-five thousand Pounds; and yet it did not appear that the Commissioners of the Revenue, who soon after took the Charge of them, did ever account to the King for above One thousand Eight hundred Pounds, besides what was charged to the Army, which amounted to about Five thousand Pounds.

Great Part of the forfeited Goods in the Country were not included in this Valuation; for several offered to make Proof before the Committee, just before their Prorogation, that there were Parcels of Goods in the Country were not included; and particularly, that Mr. Culliford, who was first in the Commission of the Revenue, had, by private Orders to the Officers under him, in the Country, seized, and disposed to his own Use, Abundance of such forfeited Goods. . ‘

The forfeited Estates were set, the first Year, but for Thirty-two thousand Pounds; which was believed to be far Short of the Value of them, as may be judged by their Methods in setting the m.

The Method pretended was very fair; to give publick Notice, by posting it up at the Custom-house Door, that Lands in such a Barony and County were to be set: But their Practice was very different; for often, when any Number of Persons came, from those Parts where the Lands lay, to bid for them, or the Tenants in Possession, who could give most for them, Notice was given, that the Commissioners had ordered other Lands to be set that Day; and thereby those that were able to bid most were sent away.

This Artifice was proved before the Committee of Grievances, in the several Farms taken for the Use of Mr. Cull ford, at a Fifth Part of what he again let it for, for his own Use: And Complaints of this Nature were so numerous, that the Committee, finding that they Should not have time to examine them all, made one general Vote, That it was a great Grievance, and Breach of Trust, for the Commissioners, or any in Trust for them, or employed under them, to take forfeited Lands.

There was another Instance of the same Nature, very remarkable; which was a Complaint made by Mr. Davis, a Member of the House of Commons there, That he, finding the Salt Pans, in the North of Ireland, were posted up to be set, came to bid for them; and was told by Mr. Thompson, Clerk of the Quit Rents, That he Should not be permitted to bid for them: And, when Mr. Davis told him it was a great Abuse, if all Men were not permitted to bid; he was answered by Mr. Thompson, That was nothing to him; he Should not be allowed to bid for them.

This

5 W. M. 24* Februdrit. 827

This being proved by Mr. before the Committee, Mr. Thompson was questioned about it: Who, after he had made some Difficulty, at last confessed he had done it by Order of my Lord; and immediately recollecting himself, said. It was, by Order of the Lords Justices, set to Judge at forty Pounds per

Annum, as I remember, when Mr. Denis declared he would give more than One hundred and Forty Pounds per Annum: And, by all the Inspection I had time to malce in the Books and Relit Roll brought before the Committee of Grievances, I could not find, that the Lands were' generally set for above a Fourth Part of their present Value, and generally to Favourites, or Persons that seemed to be yi Trust for others, such as the Lord Chief Baron Hey ley, Judge Lindon, and a Hackney Coachman, who was returned Tenant to many of the best Farms near Dublin.

The forfeited Lands the Second Year, when all Ireland was reduced and quiet, were set for about Ten thousand Pounds; and the only Reason assigned, why the Forfeitures of the whole Kingdom, in time of Peace, Should set for Ten thousand Pounds, when Part of them the Year before, during the War, were set at Thirty-two thousand Pounds, was, That the Articles of Limerick and Gd/lmcay restored many Forfeitures; but it was evi-

dent, that there could not be by One Fourth so much restored as was gained by the Surrender of those Two Towns.

Upon the Reducing of Ireland, great Stores of the late King James w ere found in Drogheda, Dublin, Waterford, Kingsale, Corke, Galloway, Limerick, to the Value of

more than One hundred thousand Pounds; and these Mr. llvbinson. Deputy Paymaster to the Lord Coningsby, had the chief Charge of; and is thought to have imbeziled to the Value of Eighty thousand Pounds.

There was also great Quantity of Corn heaped up, Five or Six Foot thick, in Cork, till it rotted, while they wanted no Conveniencies there to lay it in: And this was believed a Contrivance to cover the Embezilment of other Stores, under Pretence of their being all destroyed.

This Account of the Stores I had from Two of the Commissioners appointed for the forfeited Goods.

The Instance of the Mismanagement in Ireland is That of the Treasury: The Treasury was never before in the Hands of the chief Governor; but the usual Method was, that the chief Governor gave Warrants for Payments out of the Treasury: There was then several Cheques on the Treasurers Receipts, as the Auditor, Clerk of the Pipe, Clerk of the Pells: And every Monday Morning was brought to the chief Governor the Clerk of the Pells’ Books, by which appeared all that was received and paid: But this was all made useless, whilst the Treasury was in one of the Ciiief Governors Hands: Nothing but his Lordship's great Integrity can be any Assurance in the then and present Management of the Treasury; nor yet, however unquestionable his Lordship’s Justice may be, can it prevent the Opportunity Collectors and Receivers have for Frauds that are through the Kingdom: the Practice now being foreign to all former Methods, no-Cheque upon them, no more than there is upon his Lordship; for that, whereas formerly the Collectors and Under Receivers used to have Exchequer Acquittances for what they paid in, and gave Exchequer Acquittances for what they received; neither of these are now done; but his Lordship, or his Deputy, draws Money from the respective Collectors, by Bills of Exchange, and Paper of Assignments; by which means the Collectors lie open, and are only dependant on his Lordship, and Commissioners of the Revenue; which his Lordship can Call to Account when he sees fit for his Service; but, how and when the King can, is a Question: This would have been moved in the Parliament oi I but it is not safe;

for that where Men have not Employments to lose, they are left to the Correction of the Army for what they dare say in Parliament, as was the Case betwixt Mr. Slone and Brigadier Stezcard, and the King’s Serjeants at Law; who both told me, That Mr. Lord Lieutenant’s

Vol. X.

Secretary, came to them, by the Lord Lieutenant’s Or- State of der, for their Patents, next Day after the Prorogation; Irtland* as I Remember.

The Grievances the Protestants of IteUzrid lie under; are these:

The Lords Justices granting Protections to the Irish; Whereby the Protestants, who had been robbed by them, were not allowed the Liberty to sue them at Law: The Judges accordingly, in their Circuits, declared from the Bench, That they had received such Instructions from the Government; and these Protections were granted to many Irish, besides those who laid Claim to the Articles of Ly-merick and Gallaxvay

The ill Payment of the Army, whereby they have been forced, during the War, to live at free Quarters on the Country, which has very much destroyed it, and, by that means, sunk the King’s Revenue for the present, and put the Kingdom out of Condition of maintaining the Army for the future:

Great Part of the Army made up of Irish Papists, who were Soldiers in the late King James his Army during the War; which the Parliament of Ireland were so apprehensive of, that they addressed to the Lord Lieutenant to have them turned out.

One thing I omitted relating to the forfeited Goods;

That there was a Ship Load of Wool, taken out of the Stores of Waterford by Mr. Robinson (said to be sold for Six hundred Pounds, as a Commissioner of the Forfeitures told me), was afterwards disposed of by Mr. Robinson: It was taken under Pretence of using it at the Siege of Corke: Others believe it was sent to France; for that a Ship was taken coming from Brest bound for Dublin, loaded with French Goods, and taken by one of his Majesty’s Ships, Captain Fedor, Commander, who brought her into Waterford:Notice of which being sent to Dub-

lin, Orders came from the Governor to the Captain, to deliver her to the Officers of the Custom-house, forthatshe belonged to Dublin: The Captain refusing, threatening Letters were sent to him from Robinson: To which the Captain answered, he feared them not; and said, They had best be quiet, for that he had taken such Letters of their settling a Correspondence in France, as would do their Business: Upon which they desisted; and the Captain carried away the Ship into England. This Account I had from a Colonel in the Army, now in London, who came Three several times, desiring me to bring it in the Charge against my Lord Coningsby; and obliged me to write as he theft delivered it, saying, He thought it the Duty of the Gentlemen of Ireland to prosecute his Lordship as a common Enemy to that poor Kingdom.

Fr. Brewster.

I, Sir William Gore, of Donnegall, in the County of Donnegalt, and Kingdom of Ireland, Baronet, in Obedience to ah Order of the honourable the House of Commons, bearing Date the Two and-twentieth of this instant February, do hereby certify, this Twenty-fourth of February 1692,

That a Part of their Majesties Forces had free Quarter on their Majesties Protestant Subjects in the County of Donnegall, and other Counties in the Kingdom of Ireland, during, and for some time after, the late War, for which they have not made Satisfaction: And, I demanding Satisfaction from some of the Officers of Colonel Tiffins Regiment, and others who quartered longest there, was answered, That their Pay was stopped to satisfy their Quarters, and pay for such Goods as were taken up by their Men.

That about Fifteen hundred Men of the Irish Soldiers, most of which were well armed, and were under the command of Brigadier O'Donnell (as they styled him), were quartered, for the most part, on the Protestant Inhabitants of the County of Donnegall, being followed by a great Number of Women and Children, where the said Soldiers were continued on free Quarter, a considerable

State of Ireland*

28 24 Februarii.A. 1692.

a&e Part of the Winter, Arinoi6g\, their Officers itaking up Cattle from the Protestant Inhabitants by Force, as particularly some Cows from James Hammon and Hugh Henderson, who live near Dotm; by which they, and many others, were greatly impoverished: That the said Quarters were still unsatisfied, and the Cattle unpaid for: That I then lived in Donnegall, and was an Eye Witness of these, and many more Insolencies of theon this Occasion.

That the Place of nay Abode being in the Country, renders me unable to give a positive Answer to those Questions that the honourable the House of Commons were pleased to propose to us; the Matters therein contained being, for the most part, transacted in Dublin: All which I humbly certify under my Hand.

JVm. Gore.

An Account of what I know relating to the Affairs of Ireland, done by Order of the honourable the House of Commons.

That, which I think to be the greatest Grievances of that Nation, are the Free Quarters, and the Discouragements the Protestants of Ireland had by my Lord Lieutenant’s proroguing the Parliament before any Grievances were redressed: Which hath occasioned not only many of the pew Planters, but also several of the old Inhabitants, to remove out of that Kingdom with their Effects; and detain others, that formerly lived in that Kingdom, from returning thither again: Which, may, in time, if not prevented, render that impoverished Kingdom a farther Charge to England.

I knpjy that several of the Army, since the Peace declared, have exacted from the Subjects Subsistence-money, and Quarters on the Gentry and private Houses, to the utter Ruin of some poor Gentlemen, who had lost most of what they had by the Irish Papists, and have not given Rills; and, when any Rills were given, not for Half of what received; whereof several Examinations have been sent to the Lords Justices, without any Redress.

As for giving any Account how the Revenue was managed or embeziled, J cannot, not being present, at the Committees when that Matter was transacted: Neither do I think it could be fully discovered, the Parliament being so soon prorogued after they fell upon the close Prosecution of that Subject. I doubt not, had my Lord Lieutenant suffered the Parliament to sit, but tire great Etn-bezilments had been discovered: Rut his Excellency denying Leave for Agents to pome over, to lay before their Majesties such of the Grievances and Embezilments of their Majesties Revenue, as they could gather in so Short a Sessions, and the Reasons of the House of Commons Proceedings, hath occasioned great Dissatisfaction: And I do humbly conceive, there was never a House of Commons in Ireland, that were and are more willing to serve tire Crown of England, to the utmost of their- Powers; and that expressed a greater Sense of the Expences and Rlpod that unfortunate Kingdom cost this.

Whether the Earl of Antrim was within the Articles of Limrick, or not, I know' not: Rut he was restored to his Estate of Five thousand Pounds; as was also Maginis to near Four hundred Pounds, Daniell Maginis to near Four hundred Pounds, Cormack to Three

hundred Pounds per Annum, and several others of smaller Estates within the County of Dawne and ,to the

Estates possessed by them before the last Rebellion; some of them no,w being in better Condition, by plundering the Protestants, than formerly they were.

Who were restored to their Estates in other Counties,

I know not; but I am told a great many are.

The Rills given were a great Part returned to the Commissioners appointed to receive them: and, as I was informed by some of the Soldiers, was stopped from them upon Account of their Pay: Though the Country where I was concerned, to my Knowledge, never received any Satisfaction; but were denied Certificates of whut Bills

were given in; there being near One thousand Pounds due to my Tenants.

His Excellency’s Treatment of the Gentlemen that pev titioned, and others of the Members of the House, makes me apprehensive, that, when these things are publick, I shall receive no better; which shall not lessen my doing my Duty to their Majesties and Country to my Povter.

Ja. Magill.

Lieutenant Edmund Stafford says;

That, last Wednesday, he came to the Lobby of the House of Commons, with Design to speak with some of his Friends about his private Affairs: That he neither desired, nor knows how it came, that he was called in before the honourable House of Commons.

That he has no Commission from the Army to make any Complaint, in relation to their Arrears: That he neither knows their nor his own Arrear, having not yet stated his Accompts: That he is so far from complaining of any thing that relates to himself, that he is still ready to hazard his Life and Fortune in their Majesties and his Country’s Service.

That, having been little in Ireland for these Ten Years past (except during the late War), hath had little Opportunity of knowing the State of that Kingdom; and can neither give an Account of that, nor any Information ii\ relation to the Questions proposed: And therefore desires to be excused any further Attendance.

Ed. Stafford.

Some Account of the State of Affairs in by

Mr. i Sloane.

Being commanded by the honourable the House of Commons, to give some Account in Writing, of the State of the Kingdom of Ireland, pursuant thereto I do this; which cannot be expected Should be so full, or perfect, as if I had more time than this one Day given me to do it: And it were indeed too great an Undertaking for me, or any other private Person, to give a complete Relation of the State or Grievances of that Kingdom, when many things have been transacted in secret, and must still, (as far as they can) be concealed by those who cannot maintain what they did: Nor have I the Command of Persons or Papers for my Assistance: Yet, for the Satisfaction of this honourable House, I will faithfully tell them what I have lately observed, or have been credibly informed, and believe may be proved, on that Subject: And, if the same shall be of any publick Service, either to this or that poor Kingdom, shall reckon it more than a Reward sufficient to repair any Injury can be done me on this Account.

It wak in August last I went into Ireland, partly on my own private Business, and partly to settle some Affairs relating to the Estate of my Lord Lisburne, who had left me one of his Executors and Trustees of his Estate; and, being the re, was chosen one of the Members of the House of Commons; which was the Occasion of my seeing or hearing what I did on this unfortunate Subject.

The Grievances of that Nation I take to consist chiefly of these Heads: First, The not better paying the Army; and Free Quarter, which, by reason thereof, many of them have been forced to take on the Subject there: Secondly, The Embezilment of the Revenue; And, Thirdly, the several Discouragements to Protestants, and Encouragements to Papists there, in the Respects and Particulars hereafter following.

As to the First, I do not take it, that what the Soldiers there exacted on the Country was so much their Fault: For they were often, as I believe may be proved by some of themselves, and others here, for many Months together, left without either Pay or Subsistence; and it could not be expected, the Men Should either starve, or go naked: This forced them, contrary to the known Laws, to take Free Quarter on the Country, not only during the Time of the War, but since: And the Manner of it (as may be now proved) was thus: That they bad

20 not

W. & M.

not only Meat, Drink, and Lodging, which the Country pretty willingly submitted to, but, to supply themselves with Cloaths, and other Necessaries, in many Places they taxed the Country, and took and received from them great Sums of Money; and, when it was not paid, in divers Places distrained the Goods and Cattle of such who did not pay; and either disposed them to their own Uses, Or appraised and sold them at Undervalues; which was to the Ruin of many poor Families and Persons there. On those Accounts there is due to the Earl of and

his Tenants, Six thousand Pounds, dr thereabouts: To the Countess of Ardglasse, and the Lady Crom-

well her Daughter, and their Tenants, Two thousand Five hundred Pounds: To Sir John and his Te-

nants, One thousand Pounds: And so to others of Estates; which, in the whole Kingdom, are computed to amount unto far above Two hundred thousand Pounds. There issued a Proclamation, and Commissions, to inquire into these Debts: Whereupon the Bills, which, for a considerable Part thereof, were given by the Officers and' Soldiers, and Affidavits of much of the rest where no Bills had been given, were sent to the Commissioners: But so far are the Country from any Prospect of Satisfaction, that, though some few of them in that respect have been preferred, and got Certificates, yet to many others of them, on their Applications there, it has been denied to give them so much as Certificates of their Debts: Nay, I am credibly informed, by a Person of Honour now here, That, in several Places, where Compositions were proposed to be made with the Country by divers of the Officers and Soldiers, to which the Country agreeing, and being willing to get back their Bills, thereupon sent to have them returned, but were denied them: And, at the same time, I doubt not but that several of the Officers and others here will make appear, the same have been to the full detained from them out of their Pay: So neither the Soldiers, nor the Country, have the Money. Nay, the poor Country were forced to brew for the Soldiers, and were denied to have their Bills allowed for so much as the Excise, which they were forced to pay in ready Money for the Beer given to the Soldiers, as may be now proved. And, if this were an End of these Miseries, what is past might be the easier forgot: But, as I am now credibly told, and have seen some late Accounts from thence to that Purpose, it is at the same rate of Free Quarter, and taxing the Subject with great Sums of Money, in divers Places, continued to this Day; and, if not prevented for the future by the better Pay of the Army, will tend to the Destruction of the Kingdom. Yet I am not surprised, that it Should so be; for it was publickly told us, by some nearly concerned in the Government, That, unless we would pass the Money Bills, as brought from the Council-board, the Army Should or would take Free Quarter: But there appears to be the less Necessity for it now, were the Money rightly applied; for that, of their own shewing, the standing Revenue of Ireland, at the low Computation themselves offered thereof, is now sufficient to discharge the Expence of the whole Civil and Military Establishment of that Kingdom, as the same was produced, wanting only Seventy thousand Pounds: Towards the Supply whereof, a Bill passed for an additional Excise on Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; which, at a very low Rate, was estimated would raise Thirty thousand Pounds; and others computed it at far higher; and the rest had been supplied another way, had not the Parliament been prorogued before they had time to do it.

For the Second, which is the Embezilment or Misapplication of the Revenue; I have been credibly told, That, had the great Sum raised here for the Reducement of Ireland, together with the Profits of the standing Revenue, and forfeited real and personal Estates there, been applied to that Use, the Expence of the War might have been thereby defrayed: But I have heard many Complaints of the Misapplications; and the People the more sensibly find themselves thereby aggrieved; for that, when the Money is wanting for the Support of the Government, the poor Country is called upon to make it good: And Voil X.

£29

therefore the House of Commons in Ireland voted this to State of be one of their great Grievances. And here I pray Leave Irelan<J> to inform this honourable House, that, where-ever I mention the House of Commons of Ireland, or any of their Proceedings, or what has been done relating to them,

I do not mean it by way of Appeal, or as if they had hot Power, in a Parliamentary way, with their Majesties Concurrence, to redress their own Grievances, had they Leave to sit: But I mean to do them what Right I can, by undeceiving many Persons, to whom they, and their Proceedings, have been greatly misrepresented here; and particularly, that they may continue in the good Opinion of this honourable House.

Pursuant to the said general Vote, the Committee of Grievances entered upon particular Inquiries of the Revenue, and forfeited Estates: And the first Person I remember fell in their Way was Mr. a Member

of this honourable House: Who came before the Committee; and, being acquainted, that he stood charged with the taking into his Custody several forfeited Goods and Chattels, and disposing thereof to his own Use, when he was one of the Commissioners of the Revenue, and not accounting for the same; he answered, That he was willing to do any thing for the Information of the Committee, relating to the Revenue, or other Persons: But, if he were to answer for himself, he told them, he was a Member of the Parliament of England; and, though he was willing to wave his own Privilege, yet the Privilege of the Commons of England might be concerned therein; which hq offered to their Considerations: Which, I confess, I was surprised to hear; for that, when he was formerly, here in England, charged with some of the same Matters, before this honourable House, and afterwards at the Treasury, he then seemed to think it hard to defend a Fact here, which happened in Ireland, where his Witnesses and Papers were: And though he did, at last, put in an Answer to the Charge, yet it was within a Day or two of the Prorogation: And out of that very Answer appear considerable Evidences against him. But the Matter of his Privilege being reported to the House, as, on the one Side, the House was very much concerned for their own Right of calling Persons to answer in such Cases; so, on the other Side, upon this, and likewise on all other Occasions, they paid the greatest Deference imaginable to this honourable House; and, for that Reason, adjourned the Debate, and never determined against his Privilege, nor summoned him any more; but, to prevent the Loss of the Testimony, they examined the Witnesses: And, thereupon, it was not only my Opinion, but the general Sense of the rest of the Members, that he was most plainly guilty of very great Breaches of Trust, when he was a Commissioner of the Revenue, by seizing, and converting to his own Use, forfeited Goods and Chattels of considerable Value; and by letting Leases, in Trust for himself, of the Mills and Wears of KilliMr. s

Estate; the Cranage and Wharfage of Cork, which had been a new Exaction and Oppression upon the Merchant, first set up by himself and Mr. of Ker-

diff’xs Estate; of very considerable Values, at very inconsiderable Rates: And to this he added the Estate of one Sxveetman; to which I could never hear of any

Title he had, save that of the French King That it lay contiguous to Cardiffe: but Colonel Fitz Gerald did here

prove, that Sxveetman offered it to him, to procure him . a Pardon of a Prosecution he was under, as suspected for the Murder of the Nine Soldiers near Dublin: But Colonel Fitz Gerald refused to be concerned in such a

Matter; and it happened, in fact, that Mr. Culliford was after possessed of the Estate, and leased it to Mr. Sxveetman himself; who lived quietly thereon, and was no further prosecuted, that’ever I heard.

I have heard much of a Trust of forfeited Lands in the County of Kildare, which had been lett to one Mr. An-sley (whose Brother is now here, and, I believe, can prove much of the same) for One hundred Pounds per Annum, or more; and, in times of Peace, is said to be worth Three or Four hundred Pounds per Annum: Of a sudden

10 A - Mr,

2 4® Februarii.

State of Ireland*

830

24° Februarii.

Mr. Ansley heard he must quit the Land; which greatly concerned him; and therefore applied himself for the Continuance of his Lease; and would have increased the Relit: But remove he must: And it was presently lett to one Mr. Eunicke, for some small Relit: And the Commissioners (for their own Indemnity, as the general Report was) inserted a Clause in the Lease, That it was by express Order, or Letter, from my Lord Lieutenant.

There were likewise other Leases made, in Trust for other of the Commissioners, or their Friends, at great Undervalues; which w ere upon Inquiry before the Commons: And here give me Leave to observe, that this, of the Commissioners of the Revenue making Leases, is an Innovation; for, in times heretofore, for whatever I could learn, the Court of Exchequer granted all the Custodium Leases, and used to prefer the best Bidder: And, it is to be feared; this new Way was not introduced for nothing.

There was (as Colonel Filz ,who is now here,

attested) by him, and other Commissioners to inquire into the forfeited personal Estates, an Accompt of such, to the Value of Thirty thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, returned to Mr. Cidliford, and others the Commissioners of

the Revenue; of which I believe a very small Account hath been made to their Majesties: And I could never yet hear any good Reason why that Commission of Inquiry was laid aside.

The forfeited Estates of Ireland are of very considerable yearly Value, whatever may be pretended to the contrary, by any who design Grants of them to themselves, or their Friends. It is true, they have been much lessened by the Articles of Lymrick and , and by the Judg-

ments made at Council Board since that time, determining who are, and who are not, within the Articles: How they came so far to intermeddle, I know not; but it seemed the stranger to me, for that I remember this honourable House had, in some measure, laid their Hands on those Forfeitures; and a Bill now depending for Disposing thereof; and therein a Clause to avoid (as I remember) all such Judgments as Should be given relating thereto, save such as were pursuant to that intended Act.

The Earl of Antrim was restored to his Estate, reputed of Five thousand Pounds per , by such Judgment

of the Council Board, on this Point, as I have credibly heard, that the Articles of Lymrick providing for all in that Town, or in any Garisons in several adjacent Counties, the Earl of Antrim was on the Top of a Hill, with a few Men, surrounded with a small Ditch, which was judged to be a good Garison, and he restored to his Estate, and his Outlawry reversed.

Mr. Longfeild, an Attorney, formerly a Protestant, but

turning Papist in the late Reign, had an Estate, computed at Eight hundred Pounds per Annum; and, being outlawed of Treason, and under no Articles, but what since the War he made for himself, he came lately into this Kingdom, where he appeared in publick, and returned with some Letter or Order to reverse his Outlawry, and be restored to his Estate: Which has been done accordingly, as I most certainly believe.

I have likewise heard of many other Outlawries reversed, and to be reversed; and, where they are within the Articles, think no Complaint Should be made of them.

It is by the foresaid several Ways the Forfeitures come to be lessened: But, for those which still remain, and are yet considerable, there is another Way; and that is, by Grants or Assurances thereof made, and to be made, to great Men: For Instance; the Lord , as I have been credibly informed, and believe may be proved, hath a Grant, or Assurance, or Promise, of a good Part of the Lord Tyrconnell's, and other Estates: Lord Athlone, of

Lord Slane's, and others ( Lord Conisby, of Fagan, of

Feltrams, or other considerable Estates; and so others, to such Degree, that, as I am lately credibly informed from Ireland, there remains little or nothing of the clear Forfeitures, but what is pitched upon, or in a way of Grant to some great Person; but the poor Officers of London Derry and Inniskilling, who, (as may be said) had

A. 1692.

the Misfortune to survive their Brethren, and have lost the most of all they had, are now in this Town, about Sixty of them starving for want of Bread, or Money to carry them home.

In order to the better discovering of the Embezilments of the real and personal Forfeitures, there was lately, before the Prorogation, a particular Committee, of which I was one, appointed to inspect the Books (which had been brought to us) of them; which were so general, and without Method, that we could make little or nothing thereof: And we therefore prepared a'Report to the House (which was ready to be made the Day we were prorogued), to acquaint the House how imperfect they were; and to pray their Orders how we might come at the more particular Accounts; or to that Effect. - However, though we could not get at the Informations we wished, yet it was observed by several of us, that there had been no Cheque upon the Treasury since their Majesties sending Forces into Ireland, for ought we could.learn; and was more especially wanted, since the Treasury was put into Method, and open; for that many Receipts of Money might have been made, which are not accounted for: And we were credibly informed, that there were many Paper Assignments, and Bills of Exchange, issued out of the Treasury, upon several Collectors in the Country, for which no Exchequer Acquittances are yet given, but the Bills and Assignments still in the Collectors Hands, not accounted for by the Treasury: And it was observed, how impracticable and way of Loss to their Majesties it is, that the Receipts and Issues of the Revenues of Ireland Should be accounted for in England, where little or no Cheque can be upon them. We likewise were credibly informed, That, when General Ginkleleft Ireland, he signed Warrants for above Twenty thousand Pounds, to the Disposition whereof he was a Stranger; by which means the King might be greatly injured; for that they might thereby charge to his Accompt Payments never made, or otherwise they only paid Part: And it was thought strange, that the plain Accompts of the Receipts and Payments Should be Fifteen Months depending in and

thought it would be very convenient to have those Accompts sent back into Ireland, to be examined there by some Persons, who understood the Establishment and Methods of the Treasury there: And it was moreover thought very inconvenient, that the same Person Should be both Paymaster, or execute the Office of Vice Treasurer, and one of the Lords Justices, who Should have some Ascendant over the other Officer, to inspect his Proceedings, and correct them, as there Should be Cause.

I now come to the last Head of Grievances; The Encouragement given to the Papists, and Discouragement to the Protestants: Which I take chiefly to consist of these Particulars:

1. The licensing or suffering so many Papists to wear or keep Arms; and the permitting so many of them to be in the now standing Army there; of which I heard many Accounts, given by the Members, from their several Countries: Of which the House of Commons had that Apprehension, that they were of Opinion it did endanger the Peace at home, and might encourage the French to return; and therefore addressed to the Lord Lieutenant, for Remedy thereof: Which his Excellency said he would take care to do.

2. Hindering the Protestants from their due Course at Law', against the Papists; and many illegal Protections granted to the Papists; of which there were plentiful Accounts given in the House, and no less than Three hundred Protections entered at the Sheriffs Office in Dublin, as I was told by one sent for that Purpose to search: And when the Reason was asked about some of them, w by such Persons Should be protected, it was answered, by one who had a hand in the making them out, That it was Arcana Imperii, and might not be fit to be told.

3. Determining the Property of a Protestant by the Ix)rds Justices, without hearing him (I mean, when my Lord Lieutenant, and a Member of this honourable House, were Lords Justices); which happened to Henry Longford,

Esquire,

240 Februarii. 831

5 W. & M.

Esquire, a Gentleman of good Knowledge, and undoubted Integrity to this Government. The said Lords Justices made an Order, for him to deliver One hundred

and Fifty-seven.....: Which he refused to do; and

by Letter acquainted them, that he had none such in his Custody, as were marked J. R. (which their Order said those were) or which ever belonged to the late King

James\but he had, for ready Money, bought One hundred and Thirty-seven, from one Mr. Cusack, who had good Property therein. On this he was sent for to Town, and offered to give any Security, and would legally try the Property: Which would not please them; but the Lord Conisbythreatened him, that, if he would not deliver them, they Should be taken from him by force: On which M r.Longford, being Sheriff of the County

declared, if any body came with such illegal Order, he would resist them with Force: So they let him alone, but sent a Pursuivant for Mr. Cusack, and kept him in his Custody Two Days, at great Expence, till he plainly proved, that he had a good Property in the Bullocks; and then discharged him. Mr. Longford stayed here some Days, to give this Account to this honourable House: But, being forced at last to go to Ireland, he hath writ the same at large to me in a Letter, since he went.

5. But the greatest Discouragement of all to the Protestants, and Encouragement to the Papists, is the Manner of proroguing the Parliament, and what-hath happened since that time. I think I may, without Flattery of them, say, there never was a House of Commons in that Kingdom of better Value for their Estates, or the Sincerity of their Principles to the Protestant Interest; and, on all Occasions, expressed the grateful Sense they had of his Majesty’s Care and Hazards for the Reducement of that Kingdom; as also towards this honourable House, and others of this Kingdom, w ho, in their Distresses, so liberally extended their Supplies for their Relief. They received my Lord Lieutenant’s First Speech with great Joy; and immediately voted an Address of Thanks: For thereby he told us, That he received their Majesties Commands to call us, as the greatest Demonstrations they could give of their Affection to us, who had suffered so many great Oppressions, almost to an utter Desolation of the Country, and could not be so well settled as by a Parliament; which he said was a Blessing that, for so many Years, we had been deprived of; whereby the English Interest had been in apparent Danger of losing not only their Religion, but all that Property, which, with so great Expence of Blood and Treasure, they had purchased; and therefore doubted not but we would make use of it to pass such Laws as may tend to a firm Settlement of the Country upon a Protestant Interest: And that he was ordered by their Majesties to assure us, That nothing Should be wanting-on their Parts, that might contribute to our perfect and lasting Happiness.

This was all very good, and very true: For though, by the ancient Law, there Should be a Parliament there every Year; which was so far heretofore observed, that, in about Two hundred Years before the last Parliament, there was in Ireland Fifty-two new' Parliaments; but, from the time of the last Parliament till now, they had, contrary to the Law, an Interval of Twenty-seven Years: In which time there had grown over the Kingdom many insupportable arbitrary Powers and Jurisdictions, Oppressions and Grievances; besides, that we wanted many good Laws, which had been made in this Kingdom, and were as much wanted there; and now we doubted not but we w'ere met to redress and remedy all.

When the Proposal of Money was sent, it was readily embraced; and when my Lord Lieutenant sent, that, by the Computations of the Civil and Military Lists of the Establishments, and of the Profits of the Revenue, produced by Mr, Poultney; there w’ould be wanting Seventy thousand Pounds, to support the Government there; though it be almost incredible, to any body who has not been in the Country, to believe the great Desolation, Waste,

and Poverty, which generally reigns throughout the Kingdom, save in some Parts of the North, and in and about Dublin, Corke, and a few other Towns, which are better than Vol. X.

the rest; yet they were resolved to bear any they could, rather than be further burdensome to this Kingdom; and therefore voted a Sum, not exceeding Seventy thousand Pounds, to be raised; and spent several Days about finding the Ways and Means how to do it with the greatest Ease and Equality to the Subject: And therefore were tendered to us Two Bills, which had been prepared at the Council Board; the one, for the said additional Excise, which was pretty well liked for its Substance; and the other, for a Charge of Fifteen-pence per Acre on all Com _ throughout the Kingdom; which was thought very unequal in itself, there being very great Difference of Com, and of the several Sorts, and the Grasiers and Traders escaping the Tax, and so many People starving for Want of Bread. It vvas thought strange by some, why these Bills Should have been kept from us so long, to let us spend so much Time, as aforesaid; and, when they were tendered, it was greatly disliked, that the Privy Council Should prepare Money Bills, before the Heads of them were first found and proposed by the Commons. And here I would undeceive every body, who are made to believe, that we intended, by that, or any other Proceeding, to avoid Poyning's Law, and thereby make ourselves inde-

pendent (as they call it) on this Kingdom: For all we did was, to assert the Right of the Commons having the sole Right of first founding or proposing the Heads of Bills for Raising of Money; and that, when the Commons had proposed them to the Council Board, the Council Board Should draw them into Bills, and transmit them into England, to be transmitted back, according to the Method of Poyning's Law: Which was made on the

Twenty-seventh October; and Seven Days after that we w'ere prorogued: And the Cause assigned by his Excellency’s last Speech, of the Third of November for his Displeasure, is, That he is troubled, that we, w ho had so many Obligations to be loyal, and dutifully affected to their Majesties, Should so far mistake ourselves, as to intrench upon their Majesties Prerogative, and the Rights of the Crown of England, as we had done by our said Vote of the Twenty-seventh of October, and a subsequent Vote of throwing out the Corn Bill, because it had not its Rise first from the Commons: And therefore he requires his Protest against those Votes to be entered in the Lords Book; and so prorogued us till the Sixth of April.

It was thought, by many Members there present, that hisExcellency had called us undutiful and ungrateful Subjects; and, if they were in a Mistake, I confess I was in the same: But I find little Difference in any Apprehension between these Words, and the Meaning of the Expressions in the printed Speech: However, this was very unkindly taken; and thought strange, that this Should be the Cause of our parting so; considering, First, That the Reasons appeared, as we conceived, for the Right of the Vote to be with us, in that nobody can deny, but that, before Poyning's Act, it was intirely in the Commons:

And it w-as not conceived by many, that ever Poyning's Act was intended to prevent the Commons of that original Right; but it was designed chiefly to prevent the Danger of an Irish Interest being too prevalent with a chief Governor there, to the Prejudice of the English. And the same Reasons w'hich was before the Act for the Commons to begin Money Bills still remains, that they are presumed to know better than the Council what Money the Country is able to bear, and how it may be best raised with Ease to the Subject: But that was not so much insisted on in the Case, for that we proposed to pursue Poyning's Act, as aforesaid, having also the Act of 3. and Phil, and Mary explanatory thereof: And, finding the Reasons with us, we inspected the Journals of the House, and there found the same Vote in Substance, in 1662; and likewise the Practice to the same Purpose formerly, and never before complained of; but perhaps sometimes upon an Emergency, and for Expedition, this Right might be overlooked for a time.

Hereupon it seemed, after the Debate, to be the unanimous Opinion of the House, That the Right was so: But it was much pressed, that, for Supply of the present Necessity of the Government, we Should pass these Two Bills,

with

State of Ireland.

State of Ireland.

Februarii.

A. 1692.

with a Salvo to our Right; which was not at first well liked by some, who thought it no good Expedient to yield the Right, quid have only a Salvo for it; the rather, for that we were ready to have come, if we had been called sooner, and were now desiroqs to §tay till we might raise the Money in our own way; and so we might have some of our other Laws go hand in hand with the Money Bills; whereas, the other way, the Money would be given, and the Laws left behind; However, an Ex-pediept and the present giving some Money, was so earnestly pressed, that the House became all unanimous in what was done, that is, in passing the Excise Rill; which was to raise the ready Money, with a Declaration, that it was only, for this time, and Should never be drawn again into Precedent; and by asserting the Right by the said Vote, and by rejecting the Corn Bill for the said Reasons of not having its first Rise from the Commons: Which was all done, and was reckoned a great Compliance, and not doubted but it would >be pleasing to his Excellency; for that this last Expedient was particularly proposed, and prosecuted by some of the Privy Council, who had frequent Access to his Excellency, and seemed to understand his Mind.

It was yet the stranger to us, because Sir Cyrill on Wednesday the Second of November, reported from his Excellency to the House, That he had heard a good Character of Dr. Walkington, the Chaplain to the House; but, being recommended by the House to his Excellency, he would, on that Account, take a more particular Care of him; and so on other Occasions his Excellency was pleased always to return very good Answers to the Addresses of the House: And further, the same Day, Wednesday the Second of No, he reported from his Excellency, That he had appointed Friday next for the Committee to attend him in Council, with the Heads of the new Laws we had prepared; which made many of us., think, that his Excellency had not then resolved to prorogue us on the Thursday (which was the only intervenient Day): However, it was done on Thursday the Third, and was reckoned the greater Loss to us, for that the Heads of the Laws we had prepared to tender him were of very great Consequence to the Nation; viz. The Heads of Habeas Corpus Act, of the Act for restraining the Jurisdiction of the Council Board, of the Act against buying and selling Judicial Offices, of the Act against Frauds and Perjuries, and of several other good Laws of Force here, but not there: But, being prorogued the Day before, we had not the Opportunity so much as to tender them: It was only told us, on the Prorogation, by my Lord Chancellor, That his Excellency being informed of w hat Heads were intended to be tendered him, he would take them into Consideration; and, against the next Meeting of Parliament, such of them as Should be found requisite Should be in Readiness tojje brought into Parliament; and I am now credibly informed, That some of them are transmitted hither; but the Habeas Corpus Bill (which I value more than all the rest,) I am told, is left behind, and not thought requisite.

It was yet the stranger, for that in those Seven Days we had been very busy, by a Poll Bill, to raise the rest of the Money, and intended to do it sooner that way than the Com Bill would have done, which could not be till next Harvest: As also for that we were then coming upon the more close Pursuit of our Grievances, and the Embezilments of the Revenue, in which we thought we were at our Duty to the King and Country.

And after all this Heat about (as was said) our Intrenching upon the Prerogative, it is to be considered, That it is of great Use to the Subject, that the Commons Should have that Right; and, if they are willing to give the Money, it seems but a small Favoqf to let them find the easiest Ways of raising it: But, on the other Side, such a Prerogative as that the Council Board may first find the Ways of raising Money, I cannot see of what Use it can be, unless it were to occasion more Heats; for the Commons, without doubt, have a Negative Vote, and can throw it out: Besides, that I know not hoWr

24

this Claim comes by the Name of a Prerogative, which I take to be an ancient, inherent Right of the Crown; but whatever can be said of this must be drawm from Poyning's Act, and the Third and Fourth of Philip and Mary.

Now, for what happened since the Prorogation; many of the Members thought it very necessary to have Agents to attend their Majesties here, on the Behalf of the Protestants, to render them, and their Proceedings, right in their Majesties Opinion; as also to solicit such Matters as might happen relating to them: Which Way of sending Agents hither had been frequently heretofore used, but was done by the Consent of the Government there: Wherefore, to pursue the former Method, an Address was presented to his Excellency, by Sir Robert King, Sir Arthur Ramlon, Sir Arthur Lanjord, and Mr. Anesley, and sign-

ed by them, on the Behalf of themselves, and others, which was no more than to pray Leave to appoint Agents to attend their Majesties: To which his Excellency (as they declared) returned this Answer; That they could not have a better Agent than the King himself, who had been Agent for the Protestants these Twenty Years; but, if they would have Leave for any to go over to beg the King’s Pardon for their riotous and seditious Meetings, they might have it: This sounded very hard in the Ears, both of the Gentlemen to whom it was said, and others, who know them to be Men of great Value and Integrity: But this was not the End; for there was, as I believe may be proved, a Direction to prosecute them upon an Information in the King's Bench; which they were resolved to defend: But it proves it was better considered; and they were let alone.

This, of 1 laving Agents here, wTas thought the more necessary, for that the Papists have Agents to solicit their Affairs here, aild make Collections for them in;

and have bad Leave to inspect and peruse a Bill, prepared for the Parliament there, before transmitted into Ireland, and to argue against the same, where there were none of Ireland to oppose them; and if the Protestants had Agents here, it is not like, that such Bills would have been sent them, without Amendments, as were now transmitted to the Parliament, with very fair Titles; but forced to be rejected, for the Bodies of them, as a Bill, to confirm the Act of Settlement; which is much wished for: But there were such things therein, that, instead of confirming, it would have set things far looser than they were; for which it was rejected: And the same Fate befel a Bill for reversing the Proceedings of Attainders passed, when the late King was there; which had been very welcome to many timorous People there: It fared, no better with a Bill for punishing Mutineers and Deserters, which had passed, if it had been as the Act for that Purpose here is; but it was to continue for Three Years, and from thence to the next Session of Parliament; which was so uncertain, and the Charges, relating to the regulating Quarters, left out, that, for these Reasons it was rejected; and Heads of another ordered to be brought to supply it: And its next Neighbour was a Bill to erect and establish a Militia: Which we were very desirous to do, for the publick Safety; but this would have brought a Burden on the Subject more than we thought them able to bear; besides the great Penalties, and arbitrary Ways of Taxing, and raising the Money, and an Obligation thereby to find more Men to serve in Counties, than there now are Protestants in.some of those Counties; for which and many other Faults, that Bill was also rejected; and the Heads of another ordered to be prepared.

Mr. Osborne and Mr. Brodri, their Majesties Two Serjeants at Law, who had freely spoke their Minds, and are known to be Persons of great Knowledge and Integrity, were presently, after the Prorogation, superseded, and since that, have been turned out, even, of the Commission of the Peace.

The said Sir Arthur Razcdon was superseded of being Governor of the County of Demme (which, in somethings resembles the Lord Lieutenant of a County here); and that Command or Government was offered first to the Earl of Donegall, and then, to the Earl of Mountallexan-

der;

5 W. & M. 240 Februa\ 833

tier; who both refused it, being taken from Sir Arthur Razcdon, on such Account: And I do not hear, that, to this Day, any body has accepted thereof.

The Consequences of the said Matters have happened very evil to thri Publick: For the Planters are discouraged, and Persons who came thither, with their Stocks and Monfey, from Scotland, and elsewhere, are removed again; and so are others of the ancient Inhabitants: And so the Country is like still to lie waste and depopulated, till better Settlement be there.

Nor is what is past the only Discouragement: For, I believe, it may be proved, by Mr. Kearnes, now here, That his Excellency told him, He would prepare and tender another Money Pill, the next Sessions, in the same manner as the last w as; though it were but for Ten Pounds, or some other small Sum, to assert the King’s Prerogative: Of which Mr. Kearns advised his Excellency to consider well of it; fdr that, he believed, the House would meet again of the same Mind as before, and reject it: To which his Excellency declared, That then they Should have no more Parliaments; or to that Effect.

I confess I was sorry to hear such a Report; and Mr. Kearns, who is a Man of Credit, quoted for the Author: Which made me inquire of him the Truth thereof; which he owned to be to the Effect aforesaid; and, I suppose, still will do the same; but if he Should ..... to do; it can be proved by others, to whom he told it, before he spoke to me any tiling thereof.

I fear I have been too tedious; which, I hope, will be excused by the Greatness and Length of the Subject; and for what uncorrect Expressions may have escaped me (as 1 believe there are many), I hope the Strcightness of the Time (not being able to review or peruse it) will procure my Pardon from this honourable House; but I have endeavoured, as much as I can, to set forth the Truth, and nothing else, to the best of my Knowledge or Belief; and that will always justify itself.

As to what became of the late King’s Stores, or how the additional Article of Lymr came to be added, or other Queries, proposed by this honourable House, I can say nothing thereof, being a Stranger thereto.

24th Feb. 1692. James

Being required, by this honourable House, to give an Account of w hat Discourse my Lord Lieutenant of Ireland had with me lately, in that Kingdom, touching any Money Bills, in the Parliament there, my Answ er thereto, so far as I can, at this time, recollect, is as follow eth:

HAVING, in December last, while in , resolved on a Journey for England, I went on Saturday, the

Seventeenth of that Month, to wait on his Excellency, and to know what Commands he had thither: Whereupon he was pleased to desire me to dine with him next Day, at the Castle; which I accordingly did: After Dinner we went to my Lord’s Chamber, my Lord Alassa-reene; the young Lord Moore, Mr. St. George, and One or Two more, being present: Where falling on some Discourse touching the Proceedings of our House of Commons there, of w'hich I was a Member (especially in reference to those Matters that had occasioned some Difference amongst us), my Lord Lieutenant asked me, amongst other things, What I thought our House would do at next Meeting, or to that Effect I told my Lord, we hoped his Excellency's Speech w’ould do much, to give Satisfaction, and remove all Misunderstandings amongst us. My Lord replied, That, as to any Speech he Should make, he might speak it just then; but that, if the House did not wave some things they had insisted on, their Matters might not perhaps be as some were apt to imagine; or Words to that Purpose. I told his Excellency, I hoped there might be no Occasion of Variance; for that we were always very willing to give what Money the Kingdom could bear, for the publick Service and Safety; and desired only to take (as we conceived) the best and most effectual Ways for that Purpose; and had Vol. X.

shewn our Readiness in Part, and would soon have accomplished the rest, had we sat but some little time longer i That it was like we Should begin where we left; and so there w ould be no Ground of Debate, as to any new Money Bills brought before us. To this my Lord did reply, That there would be certainly a Money Bill laid before us, as soon as we met, though it were but for a very srtiall Sum.

I made Answer, that though I could not positively undertake to foretel the Sense of the House in such case, yet would not wish the Experiment were made. My Lord asked me, Why so. I replied, Because I was confident the Bill would not pass, unless the Members had much altered their Minds; which I did not yet find they had done. My Lord made Answ er, That then we Should have no more Parliaments, or were like to have none; or Words to that Purpose. I answered, I hoped not so, having such Need thereof, at this time; or to that Effect. My Lord replied. That if the House would insist upon what was not their Right, they could not expect to sit. I made Answer, That I hoped they would insist on nothing that w as not their Right; but were not as yet (that I knew) convinced of their Error in what passed in the House on this Matter; or to that Purpose. I said further, in Discourse, That we had considered the Laws, and every thing else, as we could; and had both good Lawyers, and other Gentlemen of good Parts in the House; and went upon the clearest Reasons we could find, though his Excellency had not, perhaps, fully heard them; That nothing herein they bad done could be supposed for any private Interest, or Party: That I hoped, after all, some better Expedient might be found to avoid all Inconveniencies herein; which was the Repealing of Poyning's Act, as to Money Bills only; that

being the main thing still offered in Objection against us: Which, were it supposed, as was said, to affec^ us in this Particular, would but still occasion Delay in transmitting Bills to and fro, which might be rejected at last, if not adjusted to the Mind of the House, or found any w-ay inconvenient; while, in the mean time, without any such Stops, Money might be quickly raised for the Use of the Kingdom: But that, however, it was not conceived That Act, or any other, had -divested us of what Right we still claimed in this Matter, being only to prepare Heads of Money Bills, and no more, as knowing best the true Funds of the Nation: That, as Jurisdiction was the peculiar Right of the Lords House, so Money Bills were in that of the Commons; and that Right well consistent with the Act, though not therein particularly excepted. I had much more Discourse with my Lord and some

others, to the Effect aforesaid, and touching the true Intent and Construction of Ps Law, and the Precedents that had passed in this Matter, which I shall not insist on, this being what material occurs to my Memory touching the Matter required, if not in express Words, yet to such Effect, as near as I can remember: But whether my Lord, in this free Discourse, did not speak some tilings to sound me, and hear my Replies, in these Matters, or as his own real Thoughts, 1 cannot say; but did not design to make the same publick, unless in Obedience to the Commands of this honourable House: Witness my Hand, this # Day of Feb. 169^.

David,

Resolved, That, upon Informations given to this House, it doth appear, That there hath been great Abuses and Mismanagements in the Affairs of Ireland.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Maje'sty, setting forth the Abuses and Mismanagements of the Affairs in Ireland: And that a Committee be appointed to prepare the same upon the Debate of the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Mordant, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Waller, Mr. Serjeant

Blincoe, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Harley, Sir Chr. Mu grave, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Boyle, Mr. England, Sir Waller YouMr. Mr. Lord Falkland, Nr. Arnold, Sir Knight, M r. Bridges, Mr. Cha. Boyle, Mr. Traverse, Mr. Mr. Hobby,

10 11 Mr.

State of Ireland.

Address on trish A Hairs*

*34

24° — ~25° Febtuarii.

A. i 6

Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Solicitor General, LordPawlet, I.ord Bellamont, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Sir

Robert Clayton, Lord Coning Mr. Sir

Francis Massam, Mr. Bertie: And they are-to meet

Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Committws. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 25* di;

5* Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

Lord Shannon’s Estate*

‘Williams’

Estate.

MR. Charles Boyle reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Francis Boyle Lord Viscount Shannon in the Kingdom of Ireland, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the Same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Price reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir John Williams, of Langibby Castle in the County of Monmouth, Baronet, to sell the Manors of Lacy, Waterston, and Trescaillcn, and other Lands in the County of Hereford, and the Manor of Concent, and other Lands in the County of Monmouth, for Payment of Debts, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and are as followeth ;viz.

Press 7. L. 30. after " begotten," insert " or to or for the said Hopton Williams, and the Heirs Males of his Body."

Pr. 8. L. 15. after the First "the," leave out "Issue;" and insert u Heire."

L. 17. after the Second "begotten," insert "the said Lady Katherine."

L. 23. after " Heirs," insert " Executors and Administrators."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Pitt's Estate* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act.

to enable Trustees to sell Part of the Lands and Tenements of Mathew Pitt, Esquire, and Robert Pit, Gentleman, for Payment of Debts, and to settle the rest of the Lands upon the said Mathew and Robert, and the Wife of the said Robert, and their Issue, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobby do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cook and Sir John Hoskins’,

Mr. Speaker,

Fine* and The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to set Recoveries in aside Amendments and Alterations made in the Records Glamorgan- and Writs of a Fine, and Two Recoveries, in the Grand Sessions held for the County of Glamorgan: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Repair* And also, a Bill, intituled, An Act to make Parishion-

oi* united ers of the Church united Contributors to the Repairs and

L'hurcbe*.

Ornaments of the Church to whom the Union is made:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

Ordered, That the said ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Fine* and Act to set aside Amendments and Alterations made in Recoveries in the Records and Writs of a Fine, and Two Recoveries, in g|’u^orgtltl‘ the Grand Sessions held for the County of Glamorgan, be read upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Information being made to this House, That a worthy Lotteries. Member, who is of the Committee to w hom the Bill for prohibiting the Use of all Lotteries is committed, was offered some Sums of Money to delay the Proceedings upon that Bill;

Ordered, That the Examination of the said Matter be referred to the same Committee: And that they do report the same to the House: And that they be impowered to send for Persons: And the said Committee is to sit this Afternoon, at the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to prevent false and Election double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, be Returns, read upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself w;lys and into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fur- Menu*, ther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mountague took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mountague reported from the said Committee,

That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and agreed upon a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as foil. ’ viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That towards the raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, the Duties payable-by an Act made in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon all East India Goods and Manufactures, and upon all Wrought Silks, and several other Goods and Merchandizes, to be imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1690, be continued unpl the Tenth Day of November 1697.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, the Duties payable by an Act made in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon all India Goods and Manufactures, and upon all Wrought Silks, and several other Goods and Merchandize, to be imported after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1690, be continued until the Tenth Day of November 1697.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare a Clause upon the said Resolution, to be brought into the Bill which is already ordered to be prepared upon the former Resolutions of the House for the Supply to their Majesties; and also a Clause of Credit, for the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds.

A Bill for the Review of the Bill for the quarterly Poll, Supply BiH; was read the Second time. Po11

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Committee have Power to consider of, and add, an explanatory Clause.

Then the House resumed the adjourned Debate, p^gt India. touching the East India Trade. Tr.uk.

Resolved,

Address for . dissolving the bast India Company.

Bromhall's

Debts.

Stephens’

Estate.

Prohibiting ri rade with France.

London

Oiphaus.

Committees.

Bishop of

Condon's

L.xchange.

Stephens’

Estate.

Leasing

I Bangor House.

.5 W. & M. 15270 Februarii. 833

Resolved, That an humble Addfess be presented to his Majesty, That he will please to dissolve the East India Company, upon Three Years Warning to the said Company, according to the Power reserved in their Charter.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when his Majesty will please to be attended by this House.

Lease of Bangor House, with the Appurtenances, in the Parish of St. AndrewsHolbome, London, for a compe-

tent Term of Years, in order to the New-building, and improving the Relit thereof, for the Benefit of his Successors, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and the Title agreed

to.

Ordered, That Mr. Lutterell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Arnold, Sir Colonel

Kirby, SirLV. Massam, Sir Tho. Littleton, be added to the

Committee to whom the Bill for the Sale of such Interest as Tho. Bromhall an Infant, hath in the Office of the Warden of the Fleet, and in Thirteen Houses adjoining, and in an' Office of the Custody and Keeping of the Palace at Westminster, for the more effectual Payment of Debts, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Goldwell,* be added

to the Committee to whom the Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Stephens, late of Greenwich in the County of Kent, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for encouragement of Privateers.

A Petition of FrancisBradbury, FllenPanck, and Grace Bell, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Two hundred and Fifty Pounds was put into the Chamber of London by the Petitioners Father, deceased,-for their Livelyhood, at less Interest than usual; which, notwithstanding, is amounted to One hundred Pounds; and if the Revenue of the City, which is charged therewith, be otherwise disposed, they must lose their Money: That the House hath taken into Consideration the Condition of the City Orphans: And praying to be equally relieved with them.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Monday Morning next, before the House do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 27* die Februarii;

5° Gulielmi Marite.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging several Parcels of Land, in the Parish and Manor of Fulham, belonging to the Bishoprick of London, for other Lands of the like Value, to Charles Earl of Monmouth, and his Heirs, was read the First . time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Bolles reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for selling the Estate of Wm. Stephens, late of Greeinvich in Kent, was committed, That they had examined and considered the Bill; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Humphry Lord Bishop of Bangor to make a Voe. X.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Towers* for vesting the Manors of Barcrofls, otherwise Thonock, EsUite‘ otherwise Low Thonock, Hinton, otherwise and

other Lands in the County of LincoIsle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolke, in Trustees for Payment of the Debts of Thomas Towers, Esquire, and make-ing Provision for his Wife and Daughter, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and the Title agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act i.ord for settling the Estate of Francis Boyle, Lord Viscount Shannon'* Shannon in the Kingdom of Ireland, was read the Third Estote* time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and the Title agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Preston have Leave to go into the I.«ave of Country, he having a Tryal at the next Assizes at York. Absence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Hoskins;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell Part of the Lands and Tenements of Math. Pitt, Esquire, and Robert Pitt, Gentleman, for the Payment of Debts; and to settle the rest of their Lands upon the said Mathew and Robert, and the Wife of the said Robert, and their Issue.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Importation of all foreign Hair Buttons, without any Amendments.

Also the Lords have agreed.to the Bill, intituled, An Act for examining, taking, and stating the publick Accompts of this Kingdom, without any Amendments.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1693, although the Month’s Pay formerly advanced be not repaid, without any Amendments.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for delivering Declarations to Prisoners, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Pitt’s Estate.

Hair Buttons.

Commissioners of Ac-cornpts.

Militia.

Dfelivpring Declarations to Prisoners.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for preventing Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom, was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

fMr. Herbert, [Mr. Mount

Teller for he Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

J124 } 76.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee who were

Indemnity for acting in defence of the Kingdom.

Precedents of Members absent l>e-yond bca.

836 i7° — 2%0 F1692.

w ere appointed to search Precedents What the House hath done in Cases where any of their Members have been in foreign Service beyond the Seas, or where any Members have been otherwise absent from the Service of the House, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Fine* and An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Glamor"*° se* as’^c Amendments and Alterations made in the Re-Shire. 6 " cords and Writs of a Fine, and Two Recoveries, in the Grand Sessions held for the County of , was

according to the Order of the Day, read the First time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That all the Members of the House that are of the Long Robe do then attend the Service of the House.

Ordered, That the Counsel and Witnesses for the Earl of Pembrook, and the Lord Jeffries and the Lady Chariot his Wife, do then attend, to be heard, at the Bar of this House, to the Merits of the Cause, upon the said Bill, if they do think fit.

London a -Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Corn-

Orphans, mon £ounc}i Qf City of , was presented to the

House.

Resolved, That the said Petition be received.

The said Petition was read; setting forth, That, there being a Bill presented to the House for satisfying the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London; and the Bill having been Twice read, and committed; the Petitioners do thankfully acknowledge the Care of the House towards the said Orphans: But the said Bill, purporting the divesting the City of all its Revenues, the taking away of many ancient and necessary Jurisdictions for its Government, and will not, as they conceive, answer the Ends proposed, and praying to be heard by Counsel concerning the said Bill.

And the Question being put, That the Petitioners bo heard by their Counsel concerning the Matter contained in the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for tl,e Yeas} 99.

T.lle.forUreNoe^". } 84.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel concerning the Matters contained in the said Bill, at the Bar of this House, upon IV Morning next, be-

fore the House do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Impressing The House being informed, that one Captain Winter, lor the Army. Qf White Fryers, had pressed several Persons for Land Service; and that they had been kept in Custody; and that several Persons, who had been pressed also for Land Service, were in the Custody of one Bright, in and one Davis, in Parker under very hard Usage;

and that one Tho. Anderson and Joseph Streatcr, who at-

tended at the Door, could give an Account thereof;

The said Anderson and were called in; and at

the Bar, gave their Informations concerning the said Matter to the House.

Ordered, That the said Captain Winter he sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant atArmsdo go to the Houses of the said Bright and Davis, and take a List of all the Persons in their Custody: And that he do bring the said Bright and Davis, and all the said Persons, to this House: And thatMr.Speaker do issue his Warrant for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Anderson and Streater do go along with the Serjeant to the said Places.

An ingrossed Bill for reviving, continuing, and explain-

ing several Laws therein inentiotied, which were expired, Expiring and near Expiring, was read the Third time. Laws;

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Executors and Administrators of Executors or Administrators, who shall waste the Estate of their Testator of Intestate, shall be chargeable in the same manner as theif Testate or Intestate was.

And the same wa6 Twice read; and, with some Amendments proposed, and agreed unto by the House; and then read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That al ‘

Persons who were Prisoners On the Thirteenth February 1692, shall have the same Benefit of the Act made in the Second Year of their now Majesties Reign, as those that were in Prison on the Twenty-eighthDay i 690.

And the Question being put, That the same be read.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the reviving, continuing, and explaining several Laws therein mentioned, which were expired, and near Expiring.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to prevent false and Election, double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament be read Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

The House being informed, That the Serjeant at Arms Impressing had brought the said Davis (who is Deputy to the Pro- k*r the Army, yost Marshal), and several other Persons who were in his Custody, in Irons, in his House;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, examined touching their Confinement.

And it appeared, That several of the said Persons had been pressed for Land Soldiers; viz.WiEduard Money, AndrexvSexton, DarbySu/livant John Price, James Barrow, Tho. Allison, Thcoph. Marten, and William Goff.

Ordered, That the said Persons be discharged out of Custody.

And they were brought to the Bar; and their Iron# there taken off; and discharged accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Davis do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, and Clerk Assistant, do go to the said Davis his House, and take an Account of what other Persons are in his Custody; and do also go to the said Bright's House, and take an Account of what Persons are in Custody there: And also, that they do receive from the said Davis and Bright their respective Books of Imprisonments and Discharges.

Ordered, That Captain Nash, Lieutenant Scott, Ensign

Penny and Francis Robinson, Esquire, the Provost Marshal, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Commute*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 28* die 5* Gulielmi et Mari®.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act vvilliam* to enable Sir John Williams of Castle in Estate,

the County of Monmouth, Baronet, to sell the Manors of Ewyas, Lacy, Waterston, and Trcscailand otherLands

in the County of Hereford, and the Manor of and other Lands in the County of Monmouth, lorPayment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and the Title agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Arnold do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this Hqus« hath agreed.

71 to

Price's

Estate.

Making Sea Water fresh.

Lords

reminded of a Bill.

Delivering Declarations to Prisoners.

Lotteries.

Ditto.

Malicious

Informa-

tiens.

2 8° Februarii.

837

House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the samewere Twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

1 st, Because the Matter of the Clause is wholly foreign to the Bill; and may be more effectually provided for by a distinct Bill.

2dly, Because the Clause doth not sufficiently remedy the present Inconvenience: For, by inserting the Clause of Action in the Quominus, the Defendant will be held to special Bail, notwithstanding the real Debt or Damages do not amount to Twenty Pounds: Which will be very grievous to the Subject living remote from London.

3dly, Because the Amendment to the Title hath only Relation to the Clause disagreed to by the Commons.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, Conference upon the Subject Matter of the said Amendments. desired w-.th

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Trenchard do go to the Lords‘ Lords; and desire the said Conference.

Then the House being informed, that Captain Winter, impressing Lieutenant Scott, Ensign Penny, the Provost Marshal, and for Army. Robert Davis, his Deputy, attended, according to Order;

They were called in, and examined touching the Pressing of Men for Land Service.

And after withdrew.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do carry Captain Winter before the Lord Chief Justice, to be examined: And that Tho. Anderson do also attend his Lordship, to give his Information in order to the said Captain Winters being prosecuted according to Lawr, for pressing Men for Land Service.

Ordered, That the said Robert Davis be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Scott, Ensign Penny, and the Provost Marshal, be dismissed from their further Attendance.

5 W. M.

to the same, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House desires their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Roger Price, Esquire, to sell some Part of his Estate, for Payment of Portions to the Daughters of John Price, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and the Title agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Travers do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House desires their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making Sea Water fresh, clear, and wholsome, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for making Sea Water fresh, clear, and wholsome.

Ordered, That Mr . Chadwickdo carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent Delays of Proceedings at the Quarter Sessions.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendnrtents made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for delivering Declarations to Prisoners.

And the same were once read; and are as followeth; viz. *

Ordered, That Mr. Goldwell do carry the Bill to t.he Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments, with an Amendment: To which Amendment this House desires their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of Hen. Acourt, and others, was read; setting forth, That there being a Bill dependingin this House, for taking away all Lotteries, That their Majesties, by their Letters Patents, dated Twenty-eighth last,

did grant to the Petitioners the sole Use of the Royal Oak, and all other Lotteries, for Eleven Years, at Four thousand Two hundred Pounds per Annum Relit: That the Petitioners have since paid Three thousand One hundred and Fifty Pounds into the Exchequer, and been at other great Expences about the same: And praying Leave to bring in a Clause for their Reimbursement.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee to w’hom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Colonel John Vaughan was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, being engaged for Cloaths for some of their Majesties Forces, was prosecuted by the Tradesmen employed therein; and was compelled to pay and secure to them the Value of the Clothing, out of his own private Estate: That, upon Accompt stated, and allowed by the Lords of the Treasury, there was due to the Petitioner Three thousand Two hundred Pounds; for Satisfaction whereof, his Majesty granted the Petitioner a Privy Seal, to be paid, out of the Revenue arising by Lotteries, Three hundred Pounds per Annum: That the Benefit of the said Lotteries is designed to be. taken away: And praying, That he may not be deprived of his said Security, or have the same lessened, until his said just Debt be fully paid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reported from the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for not agreeing with the Lords in the Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of King's Batch, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court, That they had prepared Reasons accordingly; which they had directed iiim to report to the Vol. X.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing false and double Election Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, w as read the Returns. Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reports, That he having been, Lords agree according to Order, at the Lords, to desire a Conference, to Confer-touching the Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act ence> to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court; the Lords do agree to a Conference Tomorrow at One a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.'

Mr. Attorney General, according to Order, presented Supply Dill; to the House a Bill for the laying several Impositions charging upon the East India Company Stocks, and other Stocks; £",nt Stocks’

and for continuing certain Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandize. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- jn(jernmtv* tuled, An Act for preventing Suits against such as acted for acting for their Majesties Service, in Defence of the Kingdom, in Defence of be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning at Eleven the Kingdom, a Clock.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Prohibitm resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Trade with consider further of the Bill for continuing the Acts for France, prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of Privateers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

10 C Mr.

Supply Bill; Poll Tax.

Exporting Gold and Silver.

Committees.

Bishop of

London’s

Estate.

Stephens'

Estate.

Repairs of

united

Churches.

London

Orphans.

2 8° Februarii. — i0 Martii. A. 1692,

Mr. Speaker resumed thfe Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, arid made several Amendments: Which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House pleased to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Review of the Bill for the quarterly Poll.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Seven-night next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Gold and Silver, and the melting down the Coin of this Realm.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 1° Martii;

5* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging several Parcels of Land in the Parish and Manor of Fulham, belonging to the Bishoprick of 'London, and Part of the Bishoprick of London, for other Lands of the like Y'alue, to Charles Earl of Monmouth, and his Heirs, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clarke, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Travers, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Mr.

Foley, Sir Fr. Massam, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Cooper,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Arnold, Colonel Titus, Mr.

Mr. Speake, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Witdman, Mr.

Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. England, Sir

Fr. Molyneur, Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. Taylor, Lord Pair let,

Mr. Mordant, Mr. Slater, Mr. Hare trey, Mr. Colt, Sir John Moi'eton, Sir Tho. Samw Mr. Mr.

Tredenham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for selling the Estate of William , late of Green-

wien in Kent, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made, Pr. 4. L. 34. after "enacted," to insert "and be it enacted."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{^j£ ^dierstaff: }

Tellers for the Noes,{JJj;

So it passed in the Negative.

32.

33-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to make Parishioners of the Church united Contributors to the Repairs and Ornaments of the Church to whom the Union is made, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Ann Wright was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner, in 1682, lent the Chamber of London Six hundred Pounds, at Five Pounds, per Cent.; for Security whereof she hath Two Bonds, under their common Seal: That she never received but One Half-year's Interest at that Rate; and One Pound per Cent, for some time since: Whereby the Petitioner, being fatherless and motherless, is reduced to great

24

Streights: That there being a Bill now in this House for paying the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London; and the Petitioner’s said Money being lent towards paying Part of the said Debts, and praying, That she may reap the same Benefit as the said City Orphans.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, in order to be taken into Consideration, before the House do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the said Bill.

A Petition of John Chappell, and Mary his Wife, was London read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Guardi an, °rPlians-

she being an Orphan, put her Money, being Six hundred Pounds Principal, the Interest One hundred and Sixty Pounds, into the Chamber of the City of London:

But her Guardian was not obliged to make the same good to the Orphans, if the Fund failed: That the City Orphans might have kept their Money out, upon their Guardians or Trustees giving Security, that the Money Should not be embeziled: That the Petitioners Circumstances being so very near to those of the City Orphans, they pray to be equally relieved with them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, in order to be taken into Consideration, before the House do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the Bill for satisfying the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

A Bill for laying several Impositions upon the East Supply Bill; India Company Stock, and other Stocks, and for continuing certain Impositions upon several Goods and "u tut Si Merchandize, was read the Second time.

Rcsofved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Indemnity for preventing Suits against such as acted for their Ma- for acting ;n jesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom, was read the ^eKim-dom Second time. c

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House, upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the Matter upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to set aside Amendments and Alterations made in the Records and Writs of a Fine, and Two Recoveries, in the Grand Sessions held for the County of Glamorgan, is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed to Malicious prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Informations. Lords, touching the Amendments to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court, do manage the said Conference.

And they wentt0 the Conference accordingly.

And, being retimed;

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reported, That they had been at the Place appointed for the said Conference; and understood, that the House of Lords was not then sat.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, Conference upon the Method of Proceedings between the Two Houses, desired on

Ordered, That the Managers do consider of, and pre- Proceedings, pare Reasons to be offered at the said Conference with the Lords.

Ordered, That Colonel Granville, Mr. Montague, Colonel Titus, Sir Rich, Temple, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Sir Ed. Seymour, Mr. Finch, Mr- Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir John Guise, Sir Tho. Clarges, be added to

the Managers: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Then, according to the Order of the Day, the Counsel London for the Ix>rd Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of Orphans, the City of London, were called in, and heard at the Bar concerning the Matter contained in the Bill for Satisfaction of the Debts due to the Orphans of the said City.

And then withdrew*

' Ordered,

Lords excuse their Non-attendance at Conference.

London

Orphans.

Committees.

Bromhall’s

Debts.

5W.^M.

i* — 2° Martii.

839

101.

55-

Ordered, That the Consideration of the several Petitions, which have been presented to the House, and now lie upon the Table to be considered, be referred to the Committee of the whole House to whom the said Bill is committed.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Council for the Orphans of the City of London be called in, and heard at the Bar;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /Sir John Guise’ \

1 eilers for me 1 eas,|gir Ymng^ j

Tellers for the Noes,|^?r" , 1 96.

[Sir Jos. J y

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Counsel was called in, and heard accordingly.

And then withdrew.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas W \

1 eilers for me 1 eas,|Mr

So it passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke, and Sir Robert Legat'd.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Speaker of the House of Lords living Two Miles out of Town, and the Badness of the Road at this present, was the only Occasion of their Lordships not coming to the Conference at the Time appointed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for satisfying the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Har court took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourtreported from the said Committee, That

they had made some Progress in the Bill to them committed; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 2° die Martii; 5° Gulielmi et Marine.

Prayers.

MR Waller reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of such Interest as Tho. Bromhall, an Infant, hath in the Office of the Warden of the Fleet, and in Thirteen Houses adjoining, and in an Office of the Custody and Keeping of the Palace of Westminster, for the more effectual Payment of Debts, was committed. That they had examined the Bill; and considered the several Petitions referred to the Committee; and had made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was once read throughout; and afterwards a Second time, one by one; and, with other Amendments proposed to be made, and agreed unto by the House, were agreed unto; and are as followeth;

Press 8. L. 19. after " Infant," add " Tho. Scvcrne, of Vo £. X.

Wallopp in the County of Salop, Esquire, and Ralph Harper, of Pontsbury in the County of Salop, Clerk."

L. 21. leave out " his;" and insert "their."

Pr. 8. L. 25. leave out " is;" and add " Tho. Severhe and Ralph Harper are."

L. 28. leave out " he;" and add " they."

L. 29. after " Bromhall," add " Thomas Severne and Ralph Harper."

L. 30. leave out " his said Son;" and add " the said."

L. 33. leave out " his ;" and insert " their."

L. 34. leave out " he hath;" and add " they, or any of them, have."

Pr. last, L. 13. after " Esquire," add " or from Wm.

Norwood, Esquire, and Tho. Norwood, Clerk, Executors of Henry Norwood, Esquire, deceased; or from Smith, Sir James Astry, Knight; or any other Creditor or Creditors of the said Tho. Bromhall, deceased;"

L. 27. after " Leighton," add " Wm. Norwood, Tho.

Norwood, Anth. Smith, Sir James Astry, and other the Creditor or Creditors of the said Tho. Bromhall, deceased."

Mr. Hungerford re ported from the Committee to whom Hameldon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Manors, settling and confirming the Manors and Lands in -don, in the County of Rutland, as they are now enjoyed, and have been for divers Years last past, pursuant to an Agreement for inclosing and exchanging of Lands there, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; *ind afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 2. L. 39. for " Buckingham," read " Buckingham's." f

Press 8. L. 16. after "Tythea," leave out " payable by Sir Abell Barker, amounting to the Sum of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings a Year, and all other Tythes."

L. 19. after " all," leave out the;" and insert " those."

L. 19, 20. leave out " of Richard Syell and Thomas Islip."

Colonel Perry reported from the Committee to whom Lotterie! the Bill for prohibiting the Use of all Lotteries was committed) That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House:

And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second

time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then a Clause being offered to be added to the Bill, touching Satisfaction to be given to the Farmers of the Royal Oak Lottery;

And the Question being put, That the Clause be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain acquainted the House, That Kingappoints the Members that are of his Majesty’s most honourable to be attend-Privy Council having, according to Order, waited upon ed-his Majesty, to know his Pleasure when he would be attended by this House, his Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Adam Ottley;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this Delivering House to the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, Declaration* intituled, An Act for delivering Declarations to Prisoners. to Pdwnere.

And

840

Goodwyn’s

Estate.

Supply Bill; Impositions on Merchandize.

Preserving

Game.

Mutiny and Dfsertijn.

Greenland

Trade.

2-----3

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Tho. Goodxcyn the younger to sell Lands for the

Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children, without any Amendments.

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act for granting to their Majesties certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandize, for prosecuting the present War against France, without any Amendments.

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy Discovery and Conviction of such as shall destroy the Game of this Kingdom, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for the Payment of Quarters, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the regaining, encouraging, and settling the Greenland Trade, with some Amendments: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Tradewith Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee Franck' the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with and for the Encouragement of Privateers, was committed, That they -had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: The which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That,-if any Captain, or other Person, shall imbezil, or put on shore, otherwise than in their Majesties Warehouses, any Goods or Merchandize, taken as Prize, they shall lose the whole Share of such Prize.

And the same was Twice read; and agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That # #.

And the same was Twice read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

| 101.

Martii.

A. 169 a.

Tellers for the Yeas lSir

1 ellers for the Y eas,|Sir John

Tellers for the Noes, } 77-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Fines and Ordered, That the Hearing of the Counsel and Witnesses

Gkmorgan-11 *° Merits of the Cause, upon the ingrossed Bill from Shire. the Lords, intituled, An Act to set aside Amendments and Alterations made in the Records and Writs of a Fine, and Two Recoveries, in the Grand Sessions held for the County of Glamorgan, be put off until Tomorrow, after the Committee of the whole House hath sat to consider of the Bill for the Review of the Quarterly Poll.

Punishing Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration Desertion'1 ^ie Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for the Payment of Quarters.

And the same were Twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1st, L. 30. for " First," read " Tenth."

Pr. q. L. 8- leave out " or Soldiers."

L. 9. after ".take," add " or cause to be taken, or knowingly suffer to be taken."

L. 12. leave out " or Soldiers."

L. 16. for " First," read " Tenth."

L. 23. for " First," read " Tenth."

Pr. 10. L. 10. for " First," read " Tenth."

Pr. 15. L. 19. for " First," read " Tenth."

L. 26. after " Wales ,"add " and Town of Berrvick upon Tweed."

Ordered, That the Lord Combur do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration Greenland the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Trade.

An Act for the regaining, encouraging, and settling the Greenland Trade.

And the same were Twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth;

Press 11. L. 43. after " least," add " of which Sales publick Notice shall be given, upon the Royal Exchange in London, at least Three Weeks before."

Pr. 12. L. 2. instead of " Five," read " Three."

Ordered, That Sir Sam. Bernard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration Preserving the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Game.

An Act for the more easy Discovery and Conviction of such as shall destroy the Game of this Kingdom.

And the same were Twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, That, for the better preserving the red and black Game of Growse, commonly called Heath Cocks or Heath Polts, no Person whatsoever, on any Mountains, Hills, Heaths, Moors,

Forests, Chaces, or other Wastes, shall presume to burn, between the Second Day of February and Tw enty-fourth of June, any Grig, Ling, Heath, Furze, Gorse, or Fern, upon pain that the Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the House of Correction, for any time not exceeding One Month, and not less than *Ten Days; there to be whipped, and kept to hard Labour."

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, Conference upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments to the Bill, ^esi"d "lt*' intituled, An Act to prevent malicious Informations in r the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlaw ries in the same Court.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put Lords re-them in Mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for prevent- nV"ded 01 ing Frauds by clandestine Mortgages; and also of a Bill, Bl s' intituled, An Act for the better Discovery of Judgments in the Courts of Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow-Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 3° die Martii;

5* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

MR. Clarke reported from the Committee to whom Bi shop of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An London’s Act for Exchanging of several small Parcels of Land, in Estate-the Parish and Manor of Fulham, belonging to the Bishoprick of London, for other Lands of the like Value, to Charles Earl of Monmouth, and his Heirs, was committed,

Smith’s

LbUlf.

Salwcrpe

Navigation.

Repairs of

united

Churches.

s W. &M.

3® Mar

841

ted, That they had examined and considered the Bill; and had made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: where the same were once read throughout; and then, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

Press ist, L. 16. leave out " Ann;" and insert " zabeth"

Press 3d, L. 35. leave out " Indenture;" and insert " Indentures,"

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Lands by Sir Robert and settling other Lands, of a greater Value to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was committed, that they had examined and considered the Bill; and had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report. to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as foil. viz.

Press 3d, L. 11. after " Freehold," insert " Copy-bold."

Press 4. L. 14. after " Sleave out "and;" and, after " Smith" in the next Line, insert " and Richard

Whitehead', Esquire."

Press 5. L. 2. after " Smith," leave out "and."

L. 3. after " Smith"insert "and Richard White-head."

L. 20. after " Smith," leave out and and, after " Smith," and before " were," insert " and Richard Whitehead"

L. 32. after " Freehold," insert " or Copyhold."

Pr. 6. L. 25. after " ever," insert the Clause [A:]

" And be it it further enacted, That if the said Sir Robert Smith shall neglect orfail to settle, at his own proper Costs and Charges, and to convey and secure the said Copy-hold and other Lands last before-mentioned, and that within the said Time limited, and to the same Uses and Purposes aforesaid, and also free and clear from all precedent Titles, Mortgages, Charges, and Incumbrances, That then, and in such Case, this present Act of Parliament shall be of no force: And that the several Powers and Limitations, hereby given and created, shall cease, determine, and be utterly void to all Persons, Purposes, and Intents, as if such Act had never been made; any thing before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding. ’

Mr. Waller reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for making navigable the River Salwerpe, in the County of Worcester, and Brooks adjoining, was committed, That they had considered of the several Petitions referred to the said Committee; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House . And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout.

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to make Parishioners of the Church united Contributors to the Repairs and Ornaments of the Church to whom the Union is made, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wm.

Faxclet, Mr. Hedges, Captain Dyot, Mr. Brmonloe, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Walks', Mr. Hopkins, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Christy, Mr. White, Mr. Travers, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Henley, Mr. Lassels, Mr. Sherard, Mr, Burrard, Sir Fr.

lineux, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Mr. Slater, Mr.

JJautry, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Arnold, Mr.

Vo LX.

Chetwynd, Colonel Titus, Mr. Bridges, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Biddulph, Sir Jerv. Elwes, Mr. Norryes, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Colson, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Hobby, Mr.

Bockland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That he did Yes- Aaswertp terday present to his Majesty their Address touching the Address. East India Company: And that his Majesty was pleased* to express himself to this Effect; viz.

Gentlemen,

I will always do all the good in my Power for this Kingdom: And I will consider of your Address.

Mr. Waller reported, that he having been with the Lords agree Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of to Con-the Amendments made by the Lords to the ingrossed Bill, ferenc*-intituled, an Act to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy reversal

of Outlawries in the same Court, the Lords do agree to a Conference, this Day at one a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply Eill; resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Poll Tax. consider of the Bill for Review of the Quarterly Poll.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had sat; and had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resohxd, That this House will, after the Conference is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the said Bill.

Then the Managers appointed went to the Conference Conference with the Lords. - with Lords.

And, being returned;

Mr. Serjeant Trenchard reported, That they had given the Lords the Reasons why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill for preventing malicious Informations in the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself Supply Bill; into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Fo1 Tax* of the Bill for the Review of the Quarterly Poll.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chairof the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Hearing of Counsel, and Witnesses, Fines and to the Merits of the Cause, upon the ingrossed Bill from Recoveries in the Lords, intituled, An Act to set aside Amendments ^hi^orgttn' and Alterations made to the Records and Writs of a Fine, and Two Recoveries, in the Grand Sessions held for the County of Glamorgan, be heard at the Bar, on Monday Moming next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Blowfeild, Mr. Traverse, Mr. Lut- Importing terell, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Roger Puleston, Sir John Sa,tP*Ue-Dorrell, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bockland, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Importation of Saltpetre, notwithstanding the Act of Navigation, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

to D

842 4° MartA. 1692.

Sabbati,4* die;

5* Gulielmi et Mari®.

Praters.

Bromhair* A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Debts. jTjL. for the sale of such Interest as Tho. Bromhall, an ' Infant, hath in the Office of the‘Warden of the Fleet,

and in Thirteen Houses adjoining, and in an Office of the Custody and Keeping of the Palace of Westminster, for the more effectual Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, wijji some Amendments: To which Amendments this House desires their Lordships Concurrence.

Aulnag* Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to

Duty.* put them in mind of the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage - to the Custom-house, and for giving a Recorapence to the Crown for the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the said Message.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles and Mr. Meredeth;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed with this House, upon the Maliclou* Conference relating to the Subject Matter of the Amend- Information*, ments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the 6ame Court; and have left out the Clause concerning Quominus.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Clandestine Act to prevent clandestine Mortgages, without any Mortgages. Amendments.

Also they have agreed to the Amendments made by william’* this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Estate.

John William of Langibby Castle in the County of Monmouth, Baronet, to sell the Manors of Lacy,

Waterston, and Trescaillan, and other Lands in the County of Hereford, and the Manor of Convent, and other Lands in the County of Monmouth, for Payment of Debts.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for prohibiting the Lotteries. Use of all Lotteries, be read the Third time, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Sheibell’i, Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration &c. Nat. the Amendments made by the Lords to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for the Naturalizing of Henry Sheibell, and others.

And the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth:

Press l . L. 38. after " ," add " George

nuce, Son of George' Penuce, and Margaret his Wife, born at Smima in Turkey, Philip Laois Talbor, an Infant of about Twelve Years of Age, Son of Sir Rob. Talbor and Dame Eliz.his Wife, born at Paris in France, and Jean Sneeuw, Son of Jan Paterson Snecmo and de Kest his Wife, born at Dort in

Press 2d, L. 1.5. after " insert " George Pe-

nuce, Philip Laois Talbor, and Jan Sneeuw."

L. 32. The same-Amendment.

Pr. 3. L. 16. after "Winsert "George Penuce, Philip Lewis Talbor, and Jan Sneeuw."

Ordered, That Mr. W do carry the Bill *to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Bishop of

London’s

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging several Parcels of Land in the Parish and Manor of Fulham, belonging to the Bishoprick of London, and Part of the Bishoprick of London, for other Lands of the like Value, to Charles Earl of Monmouth, and his Heirs, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House desires their Lordships Concurrence.

Crown Office , Mr. Price reported from the Committee, to whom the

Proceedings. JQi|} tQ regulate Proceedings in the Crown Office of the

t O O

King's Bench at Westminsteras committed, Thdl they

had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directedhim to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout '; and then a Second tune, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wharton reported from the Committee, to whom Address on it was referred to prepare an Address to be presented to Irish Affairs, his Majesty, upon the Debate of the House, concerning the State of the Kingdom of Ireland, That they had prepared an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which- he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was Twice read; and is as followeth; viz.

We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our serious Consideration the State of your Majesty’s Kingdom of Ireland, find ourselves obliged, by our Duty to your Majesty, with all Faithfulness and Zeal to your Service, to lay before your Majesty the great Abuses and Mismanagements of the-Affairs of that Kingdom.

By exposing your Protestant Subjects to the Misery of Free Quarter, and the Licentiousness of the Soldiers, to the great Oppression of the People there: Which we conceive hath been occasioned chiefly by the Want of that Pay, which we did hope we'had fully provided for:

By recruiting your Majesty’s Troops with Papists, and such Persons who were in open Rebellion against you, to the great Endangering and Discouraging of your Majesty’s good and loyal Protestant- Subjects in that Kingdom:

By granting Protections to Iris Papists; whereby Protestants are hindred from their legal Remedies, and the Course of Law is stopped:

By reversing Outlawries for High Treason, against several- Rebels in that Kingdom, not within the Articles of Lymrick, to the great Discontent of your Protestant Subjects there:

By letting the forfeited Estates at Under-rates, to the

Lessening of your Majesty’s Revenue:

By the great Embezilments of your Majesty’s Stores, in the Towns and Garisonsof that Kingdom, left by the late King James:

And by the great Embezilments which have been made in the forfeited Estates and Goods, which might have been 'employed for the Safety, and better Preservation, of your Majesty's Kingdom.

We crave Leave also to represent to your Majesty,

That the Addition made to the Articles of Lymerick, after Ihe same were finally agreed to, signed, and the Town thereupon surrendered, hath been a very great Encouragement to the Irish Papists, and a Weakening to the English Interest there.

Having thus, most gracious Sovereign, out of our affectionate Zeal to your Majesty's Service, with all

fiumbld

5 W. fif M. 40 — (S'1 M843

humble Submission to your great Wisdom, laid before you these Abuses and Mismanagements in your Kingddm of Ireland, we most humbly beseech Your Majesty, for Redress thereof.

That the.Soldiers may be paid their Arrears, and the Country what is due to them for Quarters; and that no Irish Papist may serve in your Army there.

And forasmuch as the Reducing of Ireland hath been of great Expence to this Kingdom, we do also humbly.

beseech your Majesty, That according to the Assurance your Majesty hath been pleased to give us, no Grant may be made of the forfeited Lands in Ireland', till there be be an Opportunity of settling that Matter in Parliament, ill such Manner as shall be thought most expedient:

That a true Account of the Escheats, and forfeited Estates,* both real and personal, and Stores left by the late King James, may be laid before your Commons in Parliament; to the End that the said Escheats, Forfeitures, and Stores, and the Embezilments thereof, may be inquired into:

That no Outlawries of any Rebels in Ireland may be reversed, or Pardons granted to them, but by Advice of your Parliament; and that no Protection may be granted to any Irish Papist, or stop the Course of Justice.

And, as to the additional Article, which opens so wide a Passage to the Irish Papists to come in, and repossess themselves of the Estates which they had forfeited by their Rebellion, we most humbly beseech your Majesty, That the Articles of Lymerick, with the said Addition, maybe laid before your Commons in Parliament, that the Manner of obtaining the same may be inquired Into; to the end it may appear by what means the said Articles w'ere so enlarged; and to what Value the Estates thereby claimed do amount.

Thus may it please your Majesty, we your dutiful and loyal Subjects do lay these Matters in all Humility before you: And as your Majesty hath been pleased to give us such gracious Assurances of your Readiness to comply with us in any thing that may tend to the Peace and Security of this Kingdom, we doubt not of your Majesty's like Grace and Favour to that of Ireland; in the Safety and Preservation whcteoEthis your Majesty’s Kingdom is so much concerned.

Resolved, Nemine conlrThat the said Address

be agreed to '

Resolved, That the said Address be presented by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do hbmbly know his Majesty's Pleasure when he will be attended by this House.

Precedents of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom

Members ab- }j Vvas referred to search Precedents, what the House hath Uit'scas?0 done in case where any of their Members have been employed in foreign Service beyond the Seas, or any Members otherwise absent from the Service of the House, be made upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Supply. Bill; Poll! ax.

Mr. Attorney General, according to the Order of the Daj’, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was referred to consider of the Bill for the Review of the quarterly Poll, the Bill, with the Amendments made by the said Committee: The which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Fees shall be taken in any Office wherein any Receiver General is concerned in passing his Accompts, but such ancient Fees as shall be allowed by the Barons of the Exchequer.

And the same was- Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Vol, X,

Another Clause Was offered to he added to the Bill,

That every Receiver General shall return into the Exchequer, by the last Day of Easter Term next, a Duplicate of the whole Sum charged in every Place whereof he is Receiver General, upon Forfeiture of Fifty Pounds for Default thereof.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, London " resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to-Orphan* consider further of the Bill for the Satisfaction of the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.;

Mr. Harcourt reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to-move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, after the Report touching the absent Members, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And. then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Lunev, 6* die Marlii;

5° Gulielmi et Maria?.

Prayers.

O IR William Cooper reported from the Committee to Hinde’s

O whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate.

An Act for the vesting a Messuage and Lands in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts of Abraham Hindc, deceased, was committed, That they had examined and considered the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Smith’s for the Sale of Lands by Sir Robert Smith, and settling Esmtei other Lands, of a greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, wds read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and the Title agreed td.

Ordered, That Mr. Ilungcrforddo carry the Bill to the

Lords-; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House desires their Lordships Concurrence.

An' ingrossed Bill4 from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hameidon for settling and confirming the Manors and Lands in Manors; Hameidon in the County of Riitland as they are now enjoyed, and have been for divers Years last past, pursuant to an Agreement for Inclosing and Exchanging of Lands there, was read Jhe Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and the Title agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerforddo carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House desires their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of Robert Davis, Deputy Marshal to Francis privilege — Robinson, Esquire, Provost Marshal General, in Custody Petition from of the Serjeant at Arms attending this- House, was read; a ^erson 1Q whereby he acknowledged his Offence, and begged Par- -cust0 -v' don for the same; and prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Davis be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

An

Lotteries

Prohibiting Trad# with France.

Price's

Estate.

Rromhall’s Debts.

844

6* — 7* Martii.

A. 169a.

An-ingrossed Bill for the prohibiting the Use of all lotteries, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That Colonel Vaughan be paid Three hundred Pounds Annuity, with a Clank as to the charging the same.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for foe . } 30.

Teller, for foe }

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That all Wages, with a Clank for the Sum, and all Policies of Insurance, with a Clank for the time, shall be void.

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being pdt, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the prohibiting the Use of all Lotteries.

Ordered, That Mr. Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of Privateers, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, by leaving out the last Proviso, That Privateers, bound into the Mediterranean&c. may take in Merchandize here in England, not exceeding a Moiety of the Tonage of such Ship, paying the Duties as Merchants dp.

And the Question being put, That the said Proviso do stand Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

And the same was taken off the Table.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill: Psessg. L. 2d, before " Goods*" to insert " *#." And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Then an ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That, if any Commissioner of the Prizes or Customs shall detain the Shares belonging to any Person interested in any Privateer, longer than Two Days after the Time limited by the Act, they shall forfeit double the Sum so detained.

And the same was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That the Seamen Should have Ten Pounds given for every Gun taken.

And the same was read the First time; and withdrawn, by Leave of the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of Privateers.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and Sir John Hoskins;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Roger Price, Esquire, to sell some Part of his Estate, for Payment of Portions to the Daughters of John Price, Esquire, deceased:

And also to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of such Interest as Tho. Bromhall, an Infant, hath in the Office of the Warden of the Fleet, and in Thirteen Houses adjoining, and in an Office of the Custody and Keeping of the Palace at Westminster, for the more effectual Payment of Debts:

And also to the Amendments made by this House to

17

the Bill, intituled, An Act for exchanging of several small Bishop of Parcells of Land, in the Parish and Manor of Ftdham, London’s belonging to the Bishoprick of London, and Part of the Estale* Bishoprick of London, for other Lands of the like Value, to Charles Earl of Monmouth, and his Heirs.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Supply Bill; at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Charging the whole House, to consider of the Bill for laying se-toc veral Impositions upon the East India Company's Stock, and other Stocks; and for continuing certain Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandize.

Then the Counsel for the Earl of and Lord Fines and

Jeffries and Lady Charlott his Wife, were called in Recoveries n»

And the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An thip..°rgai>* Act to set aside Amendments and Alterations made in the Records and Writs of a Fine, and Two Recoveries, in the Grand Sessions held for the County of Glamorgan, was read the Second time.

And the Counsel and Witnesses for the Earl of Pem~ brook, and the Lord Jefferies and the Lady Chariot his Wife, were heard at the Bar to the Merits of the Cause.

And then the Counsel and Witnesses withdrew.

Resolved, That Candles be brought in.

And they were so.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

'Mr. Herbert, \ Q

Mr. Smith, J

Mr. Harcourt, J

\Mr. Brereton: J1

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the Question being put, That the Bill be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

Martis, T die Martii;

5* Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hinde's for the vesting a Messuage and Lands in Trustees, L*uu. to be sold for Payment of Debts of Abraham Hinde, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir William Cooper do carry the Bill 10 the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hatji agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating Proceedings in the Crown Offif* Crown Office in the Court of King's Bench, was read Proceedings, the Third time.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made in Pr. 1. L. 10. to leave out "such;" and L. 11. to leave out " as aforesaid."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, Tha} the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for regulating the Proceedings in the Crown Office in the Court of King's Bench.

Ordered, That Mr. Price do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Then Robert Davis, in Custody of the Serjeant at Privilege-

Arms attending this House, was, according to Order, a per-..n d.s-brought to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received ,lom

a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered,

Supply Bill;

charging

JointStocks,

&Q.

King appoints to be attended.

Precedents of Members absent beyond the Seas.

London

Orphans.

Importing

Saltpetre.

Committees.

Salwerp

Navigation.

Smith’s

Estate.

5 W. & M. 7 — 8°

Ordered, That the said Robert Davis be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for laying several Impositions upon the East India Company’s Stock, and other Stocks,-and for continuing certain Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandize.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments to the same; which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Mr.Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted this House, That the Members that are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council having, according to the Order of this House, waited upon his Majesty to know his Pleasure, when he would be attended by this House, his Majesty was pleased to appoint Thursday next in the Afternoon, at Half an Hour after Four a Clock, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom it was referred to search Precedents what the House hath done, in case where any of their Members have been employed in Foreign Service beyond the Seas, or any Members have otherwise been absent from the Service of the House, be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, after the said Report is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Bill for Satisfaction of the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That Sir Wm.Strickland, Lord Bellamont, Mr.

Palmes, Sir Ra. Dutton, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Importation of Salpetre, notwithstanding the Act of Navigation, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuru, 8* die;

5° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

MIL Waller reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for making navigable the River Salwerp, in the County of Worcester, and the Brooks adjoining, was

re-committed, That they had considered the Petition of Charles Bcdduyn, Esquire, referred to the said Committee; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence: and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir John Frankiyn;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Vol. X.

Martii. 845

Lands by Sir Robert Smith, and settling other Lands, of a greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof:

And also to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling and confirming the Manors and Lands in Hameldon in the County of Rutland, as they are now enjoyed, and have been for divers Years last past, pursuant to an Agreement for Inclosing and Exchanging of Lands there.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, and Copies, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

An ingrossed Bill for the Review of the quarterly Poll, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be An Act for the Review of the quarterly Poll granted to their Majesties in the last Session of this present Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to enable their Majesties to make Grants* Leases, and Copies, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of Cornu all, or annexed to the same, and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made.

And the same were read, and are as followeth;

Press 2. Line 13. after " Courteney," insert "which said Lease is neither confirmed nor avoided by any thing in this Act."

Pr. 5. L. 13. after " grant," insert " where the Fine to their Majesties does exceed Forty Pounds, shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and where the Fine to their Majesties does not exceed the Sum of Forty Pounds."

Line 15. after " for," add " such."

Line 20. after " paid," insert " as aforesaid; and."

The First of the said Amendments being read a Second time; the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Reasons to be offered, at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to the said Amendment.

And it is referred unto Mr Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Chr.Musgrave, Mr. II. Boyle, SirTfto. Clarges,

Mr . Mountague, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Waller, Mr. Travers, Mr. Goldwell, Lord IV Mr. Vice Cham-

berlain, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. P. Foley, Colonel Titus, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Palmes, to prepare the said Reasons: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock, in th*e Speaker’s Chamber.

And the Third and Fourth Amendments being severally read a Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow' Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for preventing Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Goldwell, Mr. Boscowen, Mr. staffe, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Peny, Sir Wm. Stephens, Sir Jo. Jennings, Lord Bellamont, Mr Sir

Fr. Massam, Major Vincent, be added to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

10E An

Hameldon

Manors.

Supply Bill; Leasing Duchy of Cornwall.

Supply Bill; Poll Pax.

Supply Bill; Leasing Duchy of Cornwall.

Indemnity for acting in Defence of the Kingdom,

Repairs of

united

Churches.

Precedents of Members absent beyond the Seas.

846 8° — 9° M. . 1692.

An Act to make Parishioners of the Church united Contributors to the Repairs and Ornaments of the Church to whom the Union is made, is committed.

Mr. Palmes reported from the Committee appointed to search Precedents, what the House hath done in Cases where any of their Members have been employed, in foreign Service beyond the Seas, or w lie re any Members have been otherwise absent from the Service of the House, the Precedents by them found: The which he read in his Place and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Sessio, 3° Pari'.

Journal of the House of Commons, beginning November the Eighteenth, 1606, 40 Jac. t*‘, and ending Julii 40, 1607, 50 Jacob.

Mr. Speaker produceth a Note sent unto him (as he said) by Commandment from the Lord Chancellor, containing the Names of certain Members of this House disposed and employed by his Majesty sithence the last Session, in special Services; with Direction to know the Pleasure of the House, whether the same Members were to be continued, or their Places supplied with others; viz.

Bedford Villa, Sir Humphry Lord Chief

Baron of Ireland ',

St. Jermyn Cornub. Sir George Carezv, Ambassador in France.

Sir Thomas Edmunds, Ambassador with the Archduke.

Norfolk Mil. Sir Cha. Cornwallis, Ambassador in Spaine.

Sir Oliver Si. John, Master of the Ordnance in

Ireland.

Sir Tho. Ridgway, Treasurer in Ireland.

These Cases, with all others, to be taken into Consideration by the Committee of Privileges.

Satumi, 22* die N 1606.

Sir George Moore reporteth the several Cases committed to the Committee.

New Members to be chosen in the place of Sir Humphry JVynch, Sir Oliver St. John, and Sir Thomas Ridgway.

They considered, according to the Instructions given them, namely, of Sir Tho. Ridgicay, Treasurer, Sir Humph. JVynch, Lord Chief Baron, and Sir Oliver St. John, Master of the Ordnance, in Ireland, whose Cases they conceived differed from the Case of Ambassadors; for that (as they thought) their Patents were for Life, and therefore new to be chosen in their Places: The late Precedent of Sir James Lee, advanced to the Place of Lord Chief Justice in Ireland, remembered; in whose place Mr. Alexa. Chock was chosen for the Town of West bury in JVilts.

Several Questions were made of every particular Case; And

It w as Resolved, That Warrants Should be granted by Mr. Speaker, for the Choice of New Members in the place of Sir Tho. Ridgway, Sir Hump. Winch, and Sir Oliver St. John, according to the Opinion of the Committee, and according to a former Precedent in the Case of Sir James Lee.

Ordered, That Warrants Should issue for new Writs to elect for Places void, as in place of Sir Tho. Ridgway for the County of Devon, in this Form; viz.

Whereas Sir Tho. Ridgway, Knight, now Treasurer at "War in his Majesty’s Realm of Ireland, was, at the First Session of this Parliament, elected and returned into the Commons House of Parliament, one of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Devon; arid being sithence, by his Majesty’s Favour, advanced to the Place of Treasurer; it was this Dry moved in the said House, Whether his Place of Knight of the Shire were void: Which, upon the Question, was over-ruled; and Ordered, That

23

anew Writ Should issue for the Choice of another Knight, in the room and place of the said Sir Thomas ’, for which this shall be your Warrant.

Directed,

To my Loving Friend Sir George'

Coppin, Knight, Clerk of the And so for the rest,

Crown in his Majesty’s High] in the like Form.

Court of Chancery.

And the House taking into Consideration, That Mr.

Culliford, a Member of this House, having been accused for several Misdemeanors, had been ordexed to attend in his Place; and having neglected the same;

Resolved, That Mr. Culliford be suspended from the A Member Benefit of the Privilege of this House, until he shall suspended attend in this Place. privile e

Resolved, That the farther Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Mr. Attorney General, according to the Order of the Supply Bill; Day, reported from the Committee of the w hole House, charging the Amendments made to the Bill for laying several Im- 100 s' positions upon the East India Company’s Stock, and other Stocks, and for continuing certain Impositions u]>on several Goods and Merchandize: The which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w ere once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, after the Indemnity Committee of- the w hole House hath sat to consider of ^r actinS in

lyPlPnOP Of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Kingdom.

preventing Suits against such as acted for their Majesties

Service in the Defence of the Kingdom, resolve itself

into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther

of the Bill for satisfying the Debts due to the Orphans of

the City of London.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourtied till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 9* die Martii;

5° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for making navigable the River, Salwerp of Salwerp in the County of Worcester, and the Navigation. Rivulets and Brooks thereto adjoining, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making navigable the River of in the County of Worcester, and the Rivulets and Brooks thereto adjoining.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Knares-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the bruugh Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knaresbrough in the County of York, in the room of JVm. Stockdale, Esquire, deceased.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Sir John Hoskyns;

Mr.

Expiring

Laws.

Supply Bill; charging Joint Stocks, &c.

Indemnity for acting in Defence of the Kingdom.

Duchy of

Cornwall

Leasing,

5 W. & M. 90 — i o° Martii.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and explaining several Laws therein mentioned, which are expired, and hear Expiring, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for laying several Impositions upon the East India Company’s Stock, and other Stocks, and for continuing certain Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandize, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, Pr. # , L. , by adding " and by the Authority of the same."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That all Customs, payable after the Twenty-fifth March 1693, for Goods sold as Prize, shall be applied to the Credit of an Act of this Session, for granting to their Majesties certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandize, for prosecuting the present War against France.

And the same was twice read; and some Amendments proposed, and agreed unto by the House.

And then the same was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing certain Acts therein mentioned, and for charging several joint Stocks.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for preventing Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service ih Defence of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John How took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John How reported from the Committee, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 26. leave out from " Defendants," to the End of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Waller reported from the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to the Amend-' ments made by the Lords to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to enable their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of Cot'nwall, or annexed to the same, and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made, That they had prepared Reasons accordingly: which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

1. Because the establishing so great Fees will be a Discouragement to the Tenants, hinder them from Renewing, and disable them from paying so great Fines, as otherwise they might do, to the lessening their Majesties Revenue; whereof the Commons ought to be very tender, especially at this Juncture, when it is so difficult to find Money to supply the publick Occasions.

2. Because the Exchequer Officers, who are the only Persons interested in this Amendment (when they attended

Vol. X.

the Committee of the Commons), could not shew any Rule for, or make out any Right to, the Fees they demand; which are far beyond what the Tenants of any other Lords pay for their Leases: So that it will be a great Favour, if the said Officers be allowed by Law Ten Pounds for a Lease, and Four Pounds for a Copy, when otherwise, for aught appears, their taking even Half so much is not to be justified.

3. Because the Commons conceive this Amendment will be of little or no Advantage to the Officers themselves; for the Tenants, who are not well able or willing to pay so great Fees, would (as of late they have done) let their Leases run out to the last; whereas the moderating the Fees, as by the Bill, will encourage them to renew from time to time, on marrying their Children, or as any Life drops off.

4. Because the enlarging the Fees, as by the Amendment, is the laying a Charge upon the Subject: Which is so inherent and fundamental a Right of the Commons, as they can by no means depart from.

The First of the said Reasons being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Reason;

It passed in the Negative.

The Second of the said Reasons being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Reason;

It passed in the Negative.

The Third of the said Reasons being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Reason;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fourth Reason being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Scobell do go to the Lords; and desire the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Book of Prisoners, and File of Discharges, brought to this House from Robert Davis, Deputy to the Provost Marshal General, be delivered back to him by the Clerk of this House.

And then the House adjourned until Four a Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House met, in order to attend his Majesty with their Address, touching the State of the Kingdom of Ireland.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till kTo-morrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 10° die Martii',

5# Gulielmi et Marire.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That he did Yesterday present their Address to his Majesty, touching the State of the Kingdom of Ireland: And that his Majesty was graciously pleased to give this Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

Conference , desired with Lords.

Papers to be returned.

House attends the King.

Committees.

Answer to Address.

Supply Bill; Poll Tax.

Atwood’s

Estate.

A ul n age Duty.

Debtors

Relief.

Indemnity for acting in Defence of the Kingdom.

Duchy of

Cornwall

Leasing.

848

IO

11

130 Martii.

A. 1692.

Gentlemen,

I shall always have great Consideration of what comes from the House of Commons: And I shall take great Care, that what is amiss shall be remedied.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and

Sir John Hoskyns;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Review of the quarterly Poll granted to their Majesties in the last Session of this present Parliament, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Abell Atwood to sell some Lands, to pay Debts, and make Provision for younger Children, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and that the Parties concerned had consented thereunto; and that the Committee had directed him to report the said Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for transferring the Collection of the Duty of Aulnage to the Custom-house, and for giving the Crown a Recompence for the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Scobell do carry the said Message.

Mr. Arnold reported from the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the poor Prisoners in the King's Bench was referred, That they had examined and considered the same; and directed him to report specially, to the House the Number of the poor Prisoners in the said Prison for Debt; viz.

That they had an Account, that the poor Prisoners committed,

To Cooling, when Marshal, was

When Glover was Marshal, was

When Cook and Ellis were Marshals, w-as

When Phillpott was Marshal, was

When Briggs was Marshal, was

In all - - 3,737

had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill; and had left the Bill and Amendments with the Lords.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put Election them in mind of a Bill; intituled, An Act to prevent ^eturDS-false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Sahhati, 11* die Martii;

5* Gulielmi el Marite.

Prayers.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for preventing Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Jfozv do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Scobell reported to the House, That he having, according to their Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments made by the Lords to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to enable their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made, the Lords do agree to a Conference immediately in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who prepared the Reasons for the said Conference, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference accordingly-

And, being returned:

Sir Joseph Tredenham reported from the said Conference, That the Managers had attended the same; and

THE Lord William Pawlet reported from the Repairs of Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the united Lords, intituled, An Act to make Parishioners of the Churches. Church united Contributors to the Repairs and Ornaments of the Church to whom the Union is made, was committed, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without arly Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That the Lord William Pazrfet do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Hoskyns:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service in the Defence of the Kingdom.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing certain Acts therein mentioned, and for charging several joint Stocks, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Indemnity for acting in Defence of the Kingdom.

Supply Bill; charging Joint Stocks, &c.

A Bill for explaining a former Act of this present Par- Tythes of liament, for ascertaining the Tythes of Hemp and Flax, Hemp and was read the First time. r lax‘

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning; Ten a Clock.

Luna, 13* die Martii;

50 Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir John Franklyn;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Prohibiting for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Trade with Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of *rance-Privateers, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also

rUcovering

Judgments.

Crown Office Tr Jceedings.

Ditto.

Discovering

Judgments.

Prohibiting Trade with France.

5 W. 13° Martii.849

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Discov ery of Judgments in the Courts of Kings Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating Proceedings in the Crown Office in the Court of King's Bench, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Proceedings in the Crown Office of the Court of King's Bench.

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 2. L. 4b. leave out to the End of the Bill, and add the Clause marked [BJ, " That this Act shall continue, and be in Force, for Three Years, from the Twenty-fifth of March 1693, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer." Ordered, That Mr Waller do cany the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better Discovery of Judgments in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster.

And the same were twice read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 2. L. 27. and 28. leave out " for ever."

At the End of the Bill add the Clause marked [A], " That this Act shall continue, and be in Force, for one Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1693, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer."

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press t. L. 8. to leave out " for ever Pr. 2. L. 18. to leave out " for ever The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendments made by their Lordships, with the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments made by their Lordships, with the said Amendments made by this House: To which Amendments the House desires their Lordships Concurrence.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration

the Amendments made by the Lords..... intituled,

An Act for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for Encouragement of Privateers.

And the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 18. after " Years," add " if the present War with France shall so long last."

Pr. 2. L. 14- after " Price," add " except where it shall appear to the Judge of the Admiralty, that the Goods taken are perishable: In which Case the said Judge shall take Bail for such Goods, in order to the Sale thereof, in the same manner as he might have done before the making this Act; yet so as to be subject to such Distribution as is particularly provided by this Act."

Pr. 7. L. 2. leave out " Commissioners for Prizes out of their Majesties Share of Prizesand read " Collector Vol. X.

of their Majesties Customs in any Port, upon due Proof made of the same, before the chief Magistrate of the said Port; and insert the Clause marked [A].

" Provided always, and be. it Enacted, That if the Collector of the Customs shall not pay any Sum or Sums of Money, payable to the Persons interested in private Men of War, for the Reward hereby given them of Ten Pounds a Gun, by the Space of Three Days after the same ought, by the true Intent of this Act, to be paid, and Demand thereof made, free of all Charges, Fees, and Deductions whatsoever, or give a Bill payable upon the Custom House in London for the same; in such case the said Collector shall be made incapable of any Office in their Majesties Service for the future."

The First Amendment being read a Second time;

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made of the said Amendment, by leaving out " in the same manner

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made of the said Amendment, by adding, after " such," these Words,

" manner of Sale, and

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendments, with the said Amendments made by this House.

The Third Amendment, made by the Lords, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That this House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Chr. Musgrave, Lord Colchester, Mr. P. Foley, Mr. Clark, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Granville, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Montague, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Harley, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Boscmven, Sir John Guise, Colonel Austyn, Mr. Gwynn, Colonel Titus, Mr. Attorney General, Sir H. Goodrich, Lord Pawlett, Mr. Bertie, do withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber; and prepare Reasons to be offered at the Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to the said Amendment.

The last Amendment, Clause [A], being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made therein, as followeth; viz.

L. 1. alter " be," and before " Enacted," to insert, " it."

L. 2. to leave out " Collector'of the Customs and insert " Commissioners for Prizes."

L. 3. after " Money," to insert " or give a Bill or Bills;" and, after " payable," to insert " out of the first Money that shall come to their Hands."

L. 11, 12; to leave out " or give a Bill payable upon the Custom House in London for the same."

L. 13. to leave out " Collector and insert " Commissioners."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment, by adding Clause [A], with the said Amendments made by this House.

A Message from the Lords by Sir John Hoskyns and Sir Robert Regard;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Discovery of Judgments in the Courts of King's , Common Pleas,

and Exchequer, at Westminster.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vo F . , Mr.

Discovering

Judgments.

Prohibiting Trade with France.

Conference desired with Lords.

Privilege.

Atwood*

Estate.

Prohibiting Trade with France.

Prohibiting Trade with France.

85O 130 — 140 Martii.^ — z°Maiu — 19* Sept. A. 1693.

Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of Privateers.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty by Sir Tho. Royal Assent.

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, in the House of Peers immediately.

And, accordingly, Mr. Speaker, and the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to several publick and private Bills; and to make a gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

Mr. Attorney General reported, That the Members appointed to withdraw, had prepared Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

1. That the Reward mentioned in the Clause to which your Lordships Amendment, in the Seventh Press, Line the Second, does relate, being for Prizes taken, it is most proper that it Should be paid out of Prizes.

a. That, by a Bill sent up by the Commons, and agreed to by your Lordships, the Customs of all Prize Goods ar appropriated to other Uses.

3. That the other Branches of the Customs are already appropriated or charged.

4. That, by the Amendments proposed by the Commons to Clause [A], there is sufficient Care taken, that the Persons interested in private Men of War, Should receive the Reward intended.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the said Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do go to the Lords; and desire the said Conference.

And afterwards the Chief Baron, by his Majesty’s Parliament Command, prorogued this Parliament unto the Sc- prorogued, cond Day of May next.

Martis, %' die

Mr. Culliford,a Member of this House, attending in

his Place;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Culliford have the Leave of this House to wave his Privilege.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Martis, 14° die;

5° Gulielmi etMariae.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Abell Atxcoodto sell some Lands to pay Debts, and make Provision for younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass; and the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir John Rolls do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

5® Gulielmi et Mariae.

THE Parliament being prorogued to this Day; and Parliament

the House being met; ^/uro^ied.

A Message was delivered by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gen- Prwr0*»,e tleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of their Majesties Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

And, accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went yp to the House of Peers; and heard the said Commission read: Which was, for the Proroguing of this present Parliament, until the Nineteenth Day of September next.

And, accordingly, the Parliament was prorogued until the Nineteenth Day of September next.

Martis, 19° die Septembris;

5* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Mr. Attorney General reported, That he having been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject HP* H E Parliament being prorogued to this Day; and Parliament

Matter of the Amendments made by the Lords to the A the House being met; further

Bill intituled, An Act for continuing the Acts for pro- A Message was delivered by Mr. Cooling, Deputy ProroEu\

hibiting all Tr^de and Commerce with France, and for Usher of the Black Rod;

Encouragement of Privateers, the Lords do agree to a Mr. Speaker,

Conference at Half an Hour after Twelve a Clock, in The Lords, authorized by virtue of their Majesties the Painted Chamber. Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

Ordered, That the Members appointed to prepare Rea- honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the sons for the said Conference, do manage the Conference. said Commission read.

And the Managers went to the Conference. Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up

And, being returned; to the House of Peers, where the said Commission was

Mr. Attorney General reported, That the Managers read for the proroguing this Parliament to the Third Day had attended the Conference; tmd delivered the Reasons of October next, for disagreeing with the Lords, in one of the Amendments made to the said Bill; and left the Bill and And, accordingly, the same was prorogued *^1 the Amendments with the Lords. Third Day of October next.

A Message.....by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Ro-

bert Regard;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House, and offered at the last Conference* to the

3° — a6° Octobris

Parliament

further

prorogued.

5 w. & M.

Martis,3* d Octobris;

5* Gulielmi et Marias.

THE Parliament being prorogued to this Day; and the House being met;

A Message was delivered by Sir Thomas , Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of their Majesties Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read for the proroguing this Parliament to the Twenty-sixth Day of October instant

And, accordingly, the Parliament was prorogued until the Twenty-sixth Day of October instant.

851

Jovis, 26* die Octobris;

5* Gulielmi et Mariae.

THE Parliament being prorogued to this Day; and the House being met;

A Message was delivered by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Iiod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of their Majesties Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read for the proroguing this Parliament to the Seventh Day of November next.

And, accordingly, the Parliament was prorogued until the Seventh Day of November next.

Vol. X.

INDEX.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

INDEX

TO THE

TENTH VOLUME.

Assembly 1688.

